URL: https://www.stthomas.edu/admissions/undergraduate/index.html
TITLE: Undergraduate Admissions | University of St. Thomas - Minnesota

Undergraduate Admissions
Virtual Tour
Schedule Your Visit
Imagine a university that feels just right.
At St. Thomas, you’ll discover an education that expands your mind, fosters lasting friendships, and opens doors to explore the world. With an average class size of just 22, professors know your name and provide hands-on learning that leads to real jobs and internships.
No matter if you're working on a high school diploma or a college degree. If you come from St. Paul or São Paulo. If you served your country or your community. There's a place for you at St. Thomas.
First-Year
Transfer
International
Veterans
Application Process
Request Information
Contact Admissions
What is St. Thomas?
College is a lot of things.
It's a time to meet new people and try new things.
It's an opportunity to see the world and start to your career.
You'll find all of that at St. Thomas – allow us to introduce ourselves.
@universityofstthomas
Things at the University of St. Thomas just ✨just✨make✨sense.✨
@universityofstthomas
Follow Abby from Rockford, IL, as she takes you on a day in her life as a fourth-year student at St. Thomas.
@universityofstthomas
As Tommies head to California to take on Cal in basketball and San Diego in football this week, we asked some of our students from CA why they chose to come to St. Thomas and what Californians should know about Minnesota. Of note, we have seasons. And cheese curds.
Affordability
Financial Aid
When it comes to academic quality, St. Thomas is ranked a Best Value in Education by U.S. News & World Report. In addition to providing an extraordinary education, we also make it attainable financially. Learn all you need to know about our
costs
,
scholarships
and the other financial aid available to you.
Financial Aid
After St. Thomas
Outcomes & Career Readiness
A St. Thomas degrees isn't just a piece of paper. It's the ticket that opens the door to your career – and those doors swing wide open when you're a student here, giving you the opportunity to go out into the world and improve it.
After Graduation
Visit Campus
Get to know St. Thomas by seeing it for yourself. We offer a variety of on-campus and virtual visit options to experience campus, explore our community and meet our students, faculty and staff.
Virtual Tour
Schedule Your Visit
Contact Admissions
We're here to help you. That's our job. So please contact us with any questions – big or small. You may also work directly with your assigned admissions counselor for personalized support.
Contact Us
Locate Your Counselor
Apply Now