URL: https://www.stthomas.edu/admissions/undergraduate/financial-aid/tuition-remission
TITLE: Tuition Remission | University of St. Thomas - Minnesota

Tuition Remission
Tuition remission is a benefit that waives some or all the tuition you pay for classes that you, your spouse or dependent children enroll in. The degree options and the number of courses covered by tuition remission may vary and can be limited depending on who the student is (employee, spouse or dependents).
All students eligible to receive a tuition remission benefit at St. Thomas must submit a tuition remission request form before their financial aid application can be processed.
Tuition Remission for St. Thomas Employees
The University of St. Thomas provides tuition remission benefits to its employees and their dependents. To obtain tuition benefits for use at St. Thomas or a partner institution, St. Thomas employees must
apply online with Human Resources (login required)
.
Educational Benefits (OneStThomas)
Contact Financial Aid
Tuition Exchange Programs
Associated Colleges of the Twin Cities (ACTC)
ACTC employees interested in obtaining tuition remission for their dependent to use at St. Thomas may obtain tuition remission forms from their home institution.
Submit all forms directly to the home institution to be processed. Once submitted and approved, your application will be forwarded to St. Thomas and the St. Thomas Financial Aid Office will send more information to the applicant.
Catholic College Cooperative Tuition Exchange (CCCTE)
Employees of a CCCTE member institution must complete a CCCTE Agreement and submit it to their home school to be processed. Once submitted and approved, your application will be forwarded to St. Thomas and the St. Thomas Financial Aid Office will send more information to the applicant.
Download the CCCTE Agreement (PDF)
Tuition Exchange Scholarship Program
The University of St. Thomas is a member school of the
Tuition Exchange
, a competitive scholarship program available to the dependent children of eligible faculty and staff at more than 600 participating member institutions. Through the program, institutions offer an average of 6,000 scholarship awards a year. The member school at which the student is admitted will determine the scholarship amount.
Application
Employees of a Tuition Exchange member institution interested in obtaining tuition remission for their dependent to use at St. Thomas should contact their home institution for application instructions and deadlines. Once submitted and approved, your application will be forwarded to St. Thomas and the St. Thomas Financial Aid Office will send more information to the applicant.
Deadline
St. Thomas offers a limited number of Tuition Exchange scholarships each year. Priority consideration is given to prospective students whose applications are received prior to December 1. Initial Decisions for Tuition Exchange applicants will be made by mid-January.