URL: https://www.stthomas.edu/student-affairs/departments/sdis/dease-scholarship-program/index.html
TITLE: Dease Scholarship Program | University of St. Thomas - Minnesota

Dease Scholarship Program
The Dease Scholarship Program is named in honor of St. Thomas’ 14th President, the Reverend Dennis Dease. Father Dease initiated this program to increase access to a St. Thomas education.
Ten first-year students with high financial need and who also demonstrate commitment to academic excellence, leadership, and their communities will receive a full-tuition scholarship. The Dease Scholarship is not open to international students.
The Dease Scholarship Program intends to serve the scholars by helping them realize their fullest potential, while connecting them with their fellow Dease Scholars at St. Thomas. This program includes civic engagement, leadership development, and social networking opportunities. Being a Dease Scholar involves a commitment not only to service, but also to learning how to be an effective changemaker for one's campus, community, and beyond.
Application Deadline
The Dease Scholarship Program deadline is Monday, Feb. 09, 2026. The Dease Scholarship Committee will review applicant’s credentials and announce finalists in the spring of 2026.
Semi-finalists will be invited for a conversation with the Student Diversity and Inclusion Services team the week of February 23, 2026. Awardees will be announced in March, 2026.
Contact Information
Nayely Becerra Castillo
Associate Director of Retention and Student Success
bece8536@stthomas.edu
Program Requirements
Scholars are required to participate in program activities for all 4 years, and must participate in the Emerging Scholars LLC during their first year. See the
Dease Program Requirements
(PDF) for more information.
The scholarship covers full tuition. The Dease scholarship does not cover the cost of room and board. However, students who are eligible for federal or state grants can use those funds to help pay for room and board charges.
How to Apply
The Dease Scholarship Program is competitive. Candidates must be admitted to the University of St. Thomas and meet all other scholarship criteria. To be considered for the Dease Scholarship Program:
Complete an application for admission to St. Thomas for Fall 2026
Complete the Dease Scholarship Program application (found on your admissions portal)
Complete a 2026-27 Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) or Minnesota Dream Act application by our recommended date of February 1, 2026 listing our university code, 002345.
Apply here
Related Programs and Scholarships
Good Trouble Legacy Scholarship
Linkages Mentor Program
REAL Orientation Program