URL: https://www.marquette.edu/academics/majors/accounting.php
TITLE: Accounting Major // Academics // Marquette University

Accounting Major
About our program
Get directly admitted to our College of Business Administration and start your business classes on day one. As an accounting major, you’ll learn the process of recording, classifying and summarizing financial transactions. That means you’ll be able to provide a clear picture of an organization's financial health and performance, as well as help it make informed decisions about resource management and strategic growth.
Combined with multiple opportunities for internships, networking, mentorship, community involvement and service learning, you’ll have exactly what it takes to launch a successful career. Plus, you’ll have the option to pursue our combined master's and bachelor's program and graduate with both degrees in just five years.
Now, more than ever, the world demands business professionals who are not only good at what they do but who are honest, transparent and ethical. At Marquette, ethics and social responsibility will permeate everything you learn and do — we’ve been offering a values-based business education since 1910.
Dr. E. J. and Margaret O’Brien Hall, College of Business Administration
Benefits you’ll get from Marquette’s College of Business Administration
At our College of Business Administration,
you'll
help shape an ethical future for business while you focus on career skills, applied learning,
collaboration
and leadership development. Your career preparation is bolstered by our strong internship program
,
and 82% of our students
participate
in it.
What can you do with a major in accounting from Marquette?
About 75% of our graduates go directly into the workforce. Here’s where some of our recent graduates landed.
Baird
Baker Tilly
Capital One
Deloitte
EY (Ernst & Young)
Fiserv
Grant Thornton
JPMorgan Chase
KPMG
Motorola
PwC (PricewaterhouseCoopers)
Toshiba
Wells Fargo
Hands-on learning for career success
While
you’re
here at Marquette, preparing you for
what’s
next will be one of our top priorities. So, expect lots of learning by doing, connecting with others who share your passions, and reflecting on how you can Be
The
Difference
.
Spaces to learn
Internships and experience
Competitions
Leadership learning
Study abroad
Spaces to learn
Opened in 2023, O'Brien Hall is our
state-of-the-art
, community-building space. Designed to foster
collaboration between
Marquette Business students and industry, our building emphasizes innovative spaces where
you're
immersed in experiential learning and creative solutions. Here, future accountants team with aspiring marketers, and next-generation bankers map balance sheets with up-and-coming developers.
Internships and experience
Our location in Milwaukee provides you with instant access to guest speakers, corporate visits and internships. In fact, during your junior year, you’ll participate in our one-on-one mentoring program and be paired with an executive from a Milwaukee-area firm who’ll help you start your career network.
Our students have recently completed internship experiences at:
Uline
Direct Supply
Clarios
Baird
Aldi
GE HealthCare
Jewelers Mutual Group
Johnson Controls
EY
(Ernst & Young)
PwC (PricewaterhouseCoopers)
Explore our internship experiences.
Competitions
Enter a business competition and apply your knowledge and conceptual understanding to real-world problems. From financial analysis to supply chain to real estate and more, competitions put you head-to-head with teams from other universities and let you practice skills that translate directly to your career. Plus, when you're on the Marquette team, you'll end up winning more often than not.
Leadership learning
Become a people-centered leader guided by our Jesuit tradition. Join our E-Lead program sophomore year and you’ll complete a combination of leadership courses and experiences that prepare you to be the driver of innovation for the common good. You’ll develop the skill set to generate innovative solutions and the mindset to reflect on the impact your work has on the world. Bonus: You’ll graduate with a concentration in leadership, too.
Explore our E-Lead program.
Study abroad
Our full-time international business director and advisers make an international experience simple for accounting majors. You'll be able to choose from more than 50 programs in close to 30 countries, with
credit-earning opportunities
ranging from weeklong to semester-long experiences and business course work.
Check out our study abroad programs.
What to expect from a Marquette degree
A Marquette education equips students to thrive professionally and personally through overall student support, career preparation and an extended family that can't wait to meet you. But don't just take our word for it.
#6
#6 Best College in Job Placement /#1 in Wisconsin
Zippia.com
#82
#82 in Student Outcomes
The Wall Street Journal
#14
#14 Best Colleges for Internships
The Princeton Review (private universities)
Take the next step.
Choose your major quiz
Come for a visit