URL: https://www.marquette.edu/academics/majors/economics.php
TITLE: Economics Major // Academics // Marquette University

Economics Major
About our program
Economists analyze human behavior as it relates to the supply and demand of goods and services and the employment and sustainable use of scarce resources. Here, you’ll learn from leading economists as you seek solutions to business and societal problems to help people lead more fruitful lives. Combined with multiple opportunities for internships, networking, mentorship, community involvement, service learning — and chances to apply your skills globally in our Applied Global Business Learning program — you’ll have exactly what it takes to launch a successful career.
Now, more than ever, the world demands professionals who are not only good at what they do but who are honest, transparent and ethical. At Marquette, ethics and social responsibility will permeate everything you learn and do.
Sensenbrenner Hall, College of Arts and Sciences
Benefits you’ll get from Marquette’s College of Arts and Sciences
The ability to make significant positive change in the world requires knowing more than one area well. And since our College of Arts and Sciences is the most academically diverse college on campus,
we're
the perfect place to prepare for your role as a changemaker.
So
broaden your
expertise
by adding at least one
additional
major or minor to your degree — 73% of our students do.
What can you do with a major in economics from Marquette?
Most of our economics graduates go directly into the workforce. Here’s where some of our recent graduates landed.
American Family Insurance
Baird
Direct Supply
Generac Power Systems
JPMorgan Chase
Milwaukee Public Schools
Milwaukee Tool
Northwestern Mutual
Topco
Hands-on learning for career success
While
you’re
here at Marquette, preparing you for
what’s
next will be one of our top priorities. So, expect lots of learning by doing, connecting with others who share your passions, and reflecting on how you can Be
The
Difference
.
Internships and experience
Competitions
Leadership learning
Study abroad
Internships and experience
Our location in Milwaukee provides you with instant access to guest speakers, corporate visits and internships. In fact, during your junior year, you’ll participate in our one-on-one mentoring program and be paired with an executive from a Milwaukee-area firm who’ll help you start your career network.
Our students have recently completed internship experiences at:
Uline
Direct Supply
Clarios
Baird
Aldi
GE Healthcare
Jewelers Mutual Group
Johnson Controls
EY
(Ernst & Young)
PwC (PricewaterhouseCoopers)
Explore our internship experiences.
Competitions
Enter the Fed Challenge, an academic competition that applies your knowledge and conceptual understanding to real-world problems. Competitions put you head-to-head with teams from other universities and let you practice skills that translate directly to your career. Plus, when you're on the Marquette team, you'll end up winning more often than not.
Leadership learning
Become a people-centered leader guided by our Jesuit tradition. Join our E-Lead program sophomore year and you’ll complete a combination of leadership courses and experiences that prepare you to be the drivers of innovation for the common good. You’ll develop the skill set to generate innovative solutions and the mindset to reflect on the impact your work has on the world. Bonus: You’ll graduate with a concentration in leadership, too.
Explore our E-Lead program.
Study abroad
Expand your economics education with an international experience. You'll be able to choose from more than 50 programs in close to 30 countries, with
credit-earning opportunities
ranging from weeklong to semester-long experiences and business course work.
Check out study abroad programs.
What to expect from a Marquette degree
A Marquette education equips students to thrive professionally and personally through overall student support, career preparation and an extended family that can't wait to meet you. But don't just take our word for it.
#6
#6 Best College in Job Placement /#1 in Wisconsin
Zippia.com
#82
#82 in Student Outcomes
The Wall Street Journal
#14
#14 Best Colleges for Internships
The Princeton Review (private universities)
Take the next step.
Choose your major quiz
Come for a visit