URL: https://www.marquette.edu/admissions/undergraduate/transfer-resources.php
TITLE: Transfer Student Planning Resources // Admissions // Marquette University

Transfer Student Planning Resources
Transfer planning guides
Course transfer planning guides are available for all seven colleges at Marquette. Click the link below to receive a planning guide for your program.
Request planning guide
Credit transfer and Transferology
An official course evaluation is completed and delivered as part of the formal transfer application process. A preliminary unofficial credit evaluation can be conducted by using
Transferology
.
Create a Transferology account at the link below. (It's free.)
Enter the school name where you plan to take or have taken a course.
Enter the department name of the course and select the course you have taken or plan to take. The course(s) you select will appear on the right side of your screen.
After you have entered all your courses, click on the green “Search for Matches” button.
If any "maybe" courses appear, click "Request More Information" to have your courses sent to Marquette Admissions and evaluated for credit.
Contact the Office of Undergraduate Admissions at
admissions@marquette.edu
or (414) 288-7302 for assistance.
Will my courses transfer?
Guaranteed admission and articulation agreements
Marquette has established partnerships with nearly 20 community and technical colleges to better serve students during the transfer process. Review the list of partner schools and submit a participation form for a guaranteed admission or articulation agreement.
GUARANTEED ADMISSION AGREEMENTS
ARTICULATION AGREEMENTS
Golden Eagle Advantage Pathway
The Golden Eagle Advantage is a transfer pathway for Marquette University High School, St. Augustine Prep and Messmer High School graduates to earn a Marquette University degree. MUHS graduates first enroll at Milwaukee Area Technical College (MATC) and complete recommended transferrable course work prior to transferring to Marquette University to complete their bachelor’s degree.
About the Golden Eagle Advantage
Transfer scholarships
Marquette University offers a number of transfer-specific merit-based scholarships to help offset the cost of attendance. These awards celebrate the academic achievement of students transferring to Marquette to complete their undergraduate degrees.
Transfer Scholarships