URL: https://www.marquette.edu/apply/transfer-application.php
TITLE: Ready to Transfer? Begin Your Application // Apply // Marquette University

Ready to Transfer? Begin Your Application
Transfer students (defined as any student who has taken college course work
after
graduating from high school*) apply for direct admission into one of Marquette’s undergraduate colleges. Review the majors and minors offered before submitting your application.
From the time we receive your required academic credentials, the review process takes about three weeks.
During the review, an official credit evaluation of your completed college courses is conducted, and applicants are considered for the Père Marquette Award.
* Special consideration as a first-year student will be given to students graduating from high school in the spring (one semester ahead of their peer cohort) as long as they take no more than 11 credit hours at a two-year college during that spring semester and no summer courses.
Apply for admission
You can apply for free using either the Common Application or Marquette’s application. No preference is given to either application.
Common Application
Marquette Application
Deadlines and decision timeline
Spring entry term:
December 1, scholarship application priority deadline of October 15 (admission decision notification will begin in September)
Fall entry term:
July 1, scholarship application priority deadline of March 15 (admission decision notification will begin in January)
Decisions are posted to the student application status page 3 to 4 weeks after an application is complete, beginning in the notification windows listed above.
Completing your application
Submit official college transcripts from each institution you've attended.
Applicants with less than 30 earned credits of college-level course work must submit a final high school transcript, regardless of high school graduation date. High school transcripts can be mailed or e-mailed to the same address as your college transcript(s).
Students with 30 credits or more of earned credits are not required to submit a final high school transcript for admission purposes. Arrangements should be made to send an official final high school transcript directly to Marquette University once the student has decided to attend Marquette.
ACT or SAT scores, personal statements, extracurricular activity lists and letters of recommendation are not required but would be evaluated if submitted.