URL: https://www.marquette.edu/business/undergraduate/majors/marketing.php
TITLE: Marketing  // Business // Marquette University

Skip to content
marquette.edu
//
Search
//
A-Z Index
//
Give to Marquette
Marquette University
College of Business Administration
College of Business Administration
Marquette.edu
//
Business
//
Undergraduate
//
Majors
//
Marketing
Major course requirements - Marquette University Undergraduate Bulletin
Considering a Marketing major?
How many companies have started with a bang, only to end in a whimper? The difference between firms that succeed and those that don't is often found in how effectively they market themselves — and it's more than catchy ads. Organizations rely on marketing to analyze their consumers and their competitors while making strategic decisions about product development and management, pricing, positioning, and placement.
Superathletes, supermarkets and supercomputers.
As a marketing major, you can broaden your background with courses in consumer behavior, customer relationship management, sports marketing, integrated marketing, communication, sales management and global marketing.
Market yourself through internships.
Marquette's location and connection with Milwaukee's business community provides marketing majors with opportunities to work as an undergraduate for companies such as Harley-Davidson, MillerCoors, the Kimberly-Clark Corp., the Kohl's Corp. and Johnson Controls Inc.
Learn from leaders in marketing education.
The professors who will teach your marketing major courses maintain their leading edge in the discipline publishing in and editing national and international marketing journals and teaching in established and emerging universities around the world.
Substance and style.
Your creativity will only go as far as your communication skills take you. Through your numerous class experiences in group work, research projects and multimedia class presentations, you and your fellow marketing majors will develop the interpersonal abilities and technical edge that employers seek.
Learning Outcomes
As one of many methods of assuring that the goals of our educational mission are successfully met, the college regularly and systematically engages in the assessment of a variety of competencies. As part of this
assurance of learning
, each program defines and collects data on learning goals; statements of the knowledge, skills and attitudes that we want our graduates to possess. We use them for continuous improvement and they are the criteria on which organizations such as AACSB evaluate our accreditation. The following are the current Learning Goals for the Marketing Major along with the goals for the Undergraduate Business Core.
Learning Goals
Develop contextually-appropriate marketing mix strategies
Apply research tools for data collection and marketing insights generation
Apply contextually-appropriate segmentation, targeting, and positioning concepts
Understand the contextual nature of marketing decisions and activities
Understand the broad range of ethical issues tied to marketing decisions and activities
Undergraduate Business Core Learning Goals
Apply effective written and oral communication skills to business situations.
Analyze the global business environment.
Analyze the local business environment.
Use critical thinking skills in business situations.
Apply an ethical understanding and perspective to business situations.
Additional business & non-business course requirements
In addition to the requirements for the major, all students in the College of Business Administration complete
business core courses
, the Marquette University core of common studies, and non-business electives.
Majors
Accounting
Accelerating Ingenuity in Markets (AIM)
Business Economics
Business Analytics
Entrepreneurship
Finance
Human Resources
Information Systems
International Business
Marketing
Operations and Supply Chain Management
Real Estate
Contact us
Beth Krey
, Assistant Dean
(414) 288-7142 or (800) 524-8702
beth.krey@marquette.edu
or
biz@marquette.edu
Sara Koenig, Student Services
(414) 288-5151
sara.koenig@marquette.edu
©