URL: https://www.marquette.edu/business/undergraduate/uline-scholarship.php
TITLE: ULINE Scholarship // Business // Marquette University

Skip to content
marquette.edu
//
Search
//
A-Z Index
//
Give to Marquette
Marquette University
College of Business Administration
College of Business Administration
Marquette.edu
//
Business
//
Undergraduate
//
ULINE Scholarship
Scholarship Information:
Uline
, a family-owned business, is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. Uline is also a strategic partner of Marquette University and is pleased to provide a scholarship for current juniors and invites all qualified candidates to apply:
Award:
Four to six tuition-specific awards between $2,500 - $5,000 will be given to academically talented students. The award is for one academic year 2026-2027 with the amount split evenly between fall and spring semesters 2026-2027.
Eligibility for Scholarship:
Required Criteria
Any major from the following: all majors under the College of Business, data science, computer science, advertising, communication studies, or corporate communication majors
Minimum 3.0 GPA
Current junior standing
Resume
Students who will be able to apply this scholarship to the 2026-27 academic year
Students who already have a full tuition scholarship are not eligible
Preference will be given to:
Students with past internship experience
Students with student, professional and/or community organizations experience
Application Deadline: April 13, 2026 at 11:59 p.m.
Please be aware that this scholarship program involves an interview. Program finalists will be contacted to arrange interviews.  All application materials will be provided to Uline for the purposes of identifying potential internships or job candidates.
Online application
Before beginning this application, please have the following items ready:
A current resume that includes information on any internships in MS Word or PDF format. Please include first initial and last name in filename.
A maximum 100-word response to the following question: Who is a leader (non-relative) that you look up to and how has that person shaped your view of leadership today?
Late applications and applications missing materials will not be reviewed.
Please contact Kelly Wesolowski (kelly.wesolowski@marquette.edu) with any questions or for more information.
apply now
Uline is always looking for talented students to join their team. Uline offers an excellent work environment and outstanding pay and benefits — all in a friendly, professional atmosphere. We hope you take a moment to visit
Uline’s career website
and learn more about this fast-growing company offering extraordinary growth. Uline has a specific interest in building a partnership with Marquette University and its students.
Undergraduate Programs
Majors
Minors
Business Student Organizations
Service Learning
Current Student Resources
Dean's List
Advising & Registration Central
Learning Outcomes
Bulletin:
Current
|
Previous
Español
Contact us
Beth Krey
, Assistant Dean
(414) 288-7142 or (800) 524-8702
beth.krey@marquette.edu
Meghann Polivka
,
Director of Undergraduate Student Initiatives
(414) 288-3433
meghann.polivka@marquette.edu
College of Business Administration
Swift Student Success Center
111 O'Brien Hall
PO Box 1881
Milwaukee, WI. 53201
©