URL: https://www.marquette.edu/business/international
TITLE: International Business // Business // Marquette University

Skip to content
marquette.edu
//
Search
//
A-Z Index
//
Give to Marquette
Marquette University
College of Business Administration
College of Business Administration
Marquette.edu
//
Business
//
International Business
Combining sound business practice and cultural competency to grow the next generation of transnational industry leaders.
A Marquette international business education is focused on fluency across borders and across cultures. We educate high-performing, multi-functional professionals who think globally and act locally to solve business challenges. Students in our program learn from world-class faculty and engage in hands-on, multinational learning experiences to become well-rounded practitioners.
Our task is to prepare future business leaders for the rapidly changing global economy. Students in this major will learn to speak new languages and navigate shifting cultural norms. Learners will also gain insight into how to augment their primary major with this new global perspective.
International business requires a second major in one of the functional areas of business, proficiency in a second language, a study abroad experience and coursework in international business.
Considering a major in international business?
Undergraduate major requirements
Advising
International Business Student Association
Study abroad opportunities & advising
Study Abroad
Because of the requirement for our majors to gain firsthand global experience, we have developed a wide range of study abroad opportunities, which are also available to all other business majors. We offer more than 25 study abroad partnerships in 18 countries throughout the world.
Through our partnerships, we ensure that courses taken abroad will directly apply to students' programs of study.
Learn more about our Study Abroad Programs
.
“
Marquette's International Business major has allowed me to gain a global perspective on working through worldwide challenges in business. Participating in the University of Antwerp study abroad program allowed me to gain a better understanding of the intersection of business and culture across the globe. I have also been able to take coursework relating to international law and economics in developing countries. These classes have prepared me well for my internship at Valuation Research Corporation, which conducts national and international real estate appraisals."
-Jacob Millman
Marquette Class of 2026
Real Estate, Finance and International Business Major
University Academic Senate Student Representative
International Business
IB Major
Advising
Study Abroad: Business
Study Abroad: University
Contacts
Meghann Polivka
internationalbusiness
@marquette.edu
©