URL: https://www.marquette.edu/business/undergraduate/majors/human-resources.php
TITLE: Human Resources Major // Business // Marquette University

Skip to content
marquette.edu
//
Search
//
A-Z Index
//
Give to Marquette
Marquette University
College of Business Administration
College of Business Administration
Marquette.edu
//
Business
//
Undergraduate
//
Majors
//
Human Resources Major
Every single organization, everywhere in the world, whether big or small, simply cannot succeed without talent. It takes talented people to use technology, keep the books, make, market, and deliver goods and services. Human Resource professionals have emerged as the people who help make it all happen.
Here at Marquette you will often hear two expressions. The first is,
Be the Difference
.
Graduates of the HR program are out in the world making a difference everyday by helping organizations leverage their most valuable asset- people. They do this through successfully acquiring, developing and maintaining the talent organizations need to execute on strategy and achieve results.
Research in Action
Dr. Kristie Rogers
speaks with SHRM about respect in the workplace
The second expression you will hear is,
Cura Personalis
. It means caring for the whole person. Graduates of the HR program know that their work affects the lives and livelihoods of real people, from the CEO on down. People deserve to be treated with respect, to have their contributions valued and to have meaningful work and rewarding careers.
This dual concern for helping both organizations and people succeed is a hallmark of Marquette’s HR program. It’s one of the things that makes the program unique and one of the many reasons why leading employers seek out our graduates.
Why to choose Marquette’s HR program:
We will prepare you
to be a talent manager, change agent, employee champion, and strategic partner for a well-paying career that is in high demand.
Here at Marquette,
your education in Human Resources will be hands on
. The experiential approach we take in our courses means you will learn HR management by designing, developing and implementing HR management systems.
You will
gain leadership and professional experience
through internships, networking events, and student organizations.
Our student organization, Human Resources Management Organization, plans a whole host of
professional and social activities
, that will help you develop leadership capabilities and the kinds of relationships and friendships that will last a lifetime.
Our urban location
provides our Human Resources students with many opportunities to connect with the business community. You will learn from business leaders in a wide range of organizations that are called on as guest speakers and executive co-teachers for your classes, and to serve as professional mentors.
You will be eligible to take the
Society for Human Resource Management Certified Professional (SHRM-CP) exam
. Our curriculum is aligned with and recognized by The Society for Human Resource Management, the world’s largest HR professional organization. One advantage of this recognition is that students are able to sit for the society’s highly sought-after credentialing exam and become certified HR professionals. Normally, that process would require an additional 2 years of work and study after graduation. Students completing Marquette’s HR program are eligible for certification immediately.
When you finish your Human Resources degree at Marquette University, you will be ready to tackle people-related issues for organizations and go out in the world to
Be the Difference
.
Human Resources Major
Minor
Learning Outcomes
Human Resources Course Requirements - Undergraduate Bulletin
In addition to the human resources major described above, a special five-year program is offered which enables students to earn an undergraduate degree with a major in human resources and a master of science in management. For information, contact the Graduate School of Management at
mba@marquette.edu
Required Courses - Undergraduate Bulletin
A grade of C or better must be earned in each course.
Only one transfer course can apply toward the HURE minor. The assistant dean in the College of Business Administration must approve any transfer of credits.
The College of Business Administration offers a special five-year program which enables students to earn an undergraduate degree with a major in human resources and a master of science in management. For information, contact the Graduate School of Management at
mba@marquette.edu
As one of many methods of assuring that the goals of our educational mission are successfully met, the college regularly and systematically engages in the assessment of a variety of competencies. As part of this assurance of learning, each program defines and collects data on learning goals; statements of the knowledge, skills and attitudes that we want our graduates to possess. We use them for continuous improvement and they are the criteria on which organizations such as AACSB evaluate our accreditation. The following is the current Learning Goal for the Human Resources Major along with the goals for the Undergraduate Business Core.
Understand and apply the policies and practices of the primary areas of human resource management, including staffing, training and compensation.
Below are the specific learning outcomes assessed to help determine if students meet the above
Learning Outcomes
Synthesize Workforce Management Techniques
: Integrate and evaluate methods for sourcing, attracting, and developing a workforce that meets the needs of the organization.
Establish Learning and Development Programs
: Design and implement learning and development programs that meet contemporary business needs, focusing on effective design, implementation, and outcome assessment.
Analyze Reward Systems:
Examine and critique a company’s total rewards strategy, including compensation and performance management, to ensure it effectively attracts, retains, and motivates talent.
Align HR and Business Strategy
: Integrate human resource systems with business goals to support and enhance the organization’s strategic objectives.
Promote Inclusive Work Environments:
Develop organizational practices and culture to foster inclusive workplaces that value diversity, equity, and belonging, maximizing the unique backgrounds and characteristics of all individuals to fully contribute to an organization’s effectiveness.
Develop Relationship Management Skills:
Demonstrate proficiency in relationship management by applying advanced communication, leadership, and negotiation techniques.
Examine Personal Bias and Promote Inclusion
: Critically evaluate personal biases and understand their impact on workplace interactions and decisions.
Undergraduate Business Core Learning Goals
Apply effective written and oral communication skills to business situations.
Analyze the global business environment.
Analyze the local business environment.
Use critical thinking skills in business situations.
Apply an ethical understanding and perspective to business situations.
Majors
Accounting
Accelerating Ingenuity in Markets (AIM)
Business Economics
Business Analytics
Entrepreneurship
Finance
Human Resources
Information Systems
International Business
Marketing
Operations and Supply Chain Management
Real Estate
Contact us
Beth Krey
, Assistant Dean
(414) 288-7142 or (800) 524-8702
beth.krey@marquette.edu
or
biz@marquette.edu
Sara Koenig, Student Services
(414) 288-5151
sara.koenig@marquette.edu
©