URL: https://www.marquette.edu/business/undergraduate/majors/information-systems.php
TITLE: Information Systems // Business // Marquette University

Skip to content
marquette.edu
//
Search
//
A-Z Index
//
Give to Marquette
Marquette University
College of Business Administration
College of Business Administration
Marquette.edu
//
Business
//
Undergraduate
//
Majors
//
Information Systems
Information delivered quickly and accurately is the key to any successful enterprise. The IT/IS specialist provides the infrastructure for firms to compete strategically by planning, designing, installing and managing the systems used by a firm's functional areas — finance, marketing, human resources management and supply chain management.
Information Systems Major Course Requirements - Undergraduate Bulletin
Considering an Information Systems major?
Cross train your brain.
With our deeply integrated business core, information technology majors learn all the fundamental aspects of business functions: accounting, economics, marketing, finance and management. When your understanding of business operations goes beyond the realm of IS to the rest of an enterprise's functions, you broaden your opportunities for advancement.
Internships.
As an information technology major, you'll have the opportunity to practice your skills with companies such as GE Healthcare, Harley-Davidson, Johnson Controls Inc., MillerCoors, Accenture, Direct Supply, Northwestern Mutual Financial Network, PWC, West Bend Mutual and Fiserv.
Explain yourself.
Our liberal arts-based core curriculum will make you a strong communicator, so you'll be an articulate problem-solver who's equally adept with people and information technology. As an information technology major, those communication skills will come in handy as you listen to users' needs and design effective systems to meet those needs.
Going global.
Our Project Management class works virtually with student development teams in other countries. A winterim course takes information technology majors to visit offshore IT firms.
Minor
Learning Outcomes
Required Courses - Undergraduate Bulletin
NOTE:
A grade of C or better must be earned in each course.
Only one transfer course can apply toward the INSY minor.
The assistant dean in the College of Business Administration must approve any transfer of credits.
As one of many methods of assuring that the goals of our educational mission are successfully met, the college regularly and systematically engages in the assessment of a variety of competencies. As part of this assurance of learning, each program defines and collects data on learning goals; statements of the knowledge, skills and attitudes that we want our graduates to possess. We use them for continuous improvement and they are the criteria on which organizations such as AACSB evaluate our accreditation. The following are the current Learning Goals for the Information Technology Major along with the goals for the Undergraduate Business Core.
Define the business problem
Analyze business processes and data
Model the business process
Develop software programs
Evaluate software packages
Below are the specific learning outcomes assessed to help determine if students meet the above outcome.
Learning Outcomes
For the goal - - Define the Business Problem:
Identify differences between technical and business problems
Articulate differences between symptoms and problems
For the goal - - Analyze Business Processes and Data:
Analyze the requirements for a proposed system
Interpret data and process models for current and new systems
Analyze the requirements for a proposed system
Assign resources and costs for a project plan
Determine risks inherent to a project plan
Define object models
Determine private versus non-private variables and methods
For the goal - - Model the Business Processes
Develop a dataflow diagram
Create a detailed system design document from proposed system requirements
Improve data and process models for current and new systems
Develop data and process models for current and new systems
Create a detailed database design document using the Unified Modeling Language (UML) Class Diagram as the design document
Create a detailed database design document using the Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD) as the design document
Create a project schedule
For the goal - - Develop Software Programs
Create and run a program code from a previously specified design specification
Test and debug the above system
Demonstrate understanding of the fundamentals of coding (sequence, selection and iteration)
For the goal - - Evaluate Software Packages
Choose the most feasible of solution choices according to client needs based on criteria, criteria weighting, and rating
Undergraduate Business Core Learning Goals
Apply effective written and oral communication skills to business situations.
Analyze the global business environment.
Analyze the local business environment.
Use critical thinking skills in business situations.
Apply an ethical understanding and perspective to business situations.
Majors
Accounting
Accelerating Ingenuity in Markets (AIM)
Business Economics
Business Analytics
Entrepreneurship
Finance
Human Resources
Information Systems
International Business
Marketing
Operations and Supply Chain Management
Real Estate
Contact us
Beth Krey
, Assistant Dean
(414) 288-7142 or (800) 524-8702
beth.krey@marquette.edu
or
biz@marquette.edu
Sara Koenig, Student Services
(414) 288-5151
sara.koenig@marquette.edu
©