URL: https://www.marquette.edu/business/undergraduate/beta-alpha-psi/index.php
TITLE: Beta Alpha Psi // Business // Marquette University

Skip to content
marquette.edu
//
Search
//
A-Z Index
//
Give to Marquette
Marquette University
College of Business Administration
College of Business Administration
Marquette.edu
//
Business
//
Undergraduate
//
Beta Alpha Psi
Welcome to the Psi Chapter of Beta Alpha Psi at Marquette University!
What is Beta Alpha Psi?
Beta Alpha Psi is an honorary organization for accounting, finance, analytics and IT majors. The
objective
of Beta Alpha Psi is to encourage and recognize excellence in the business information field. As an initiated member of Beta Alpha Psi, you will
demonstrate
excellence in
a
cademics,
p
rofessionalism and
s
ervice.
You
will
also
make friendships that pay dividends for years to come.
Faculty adviser
Rich Tobin
can answer any further questions.
Why should you join?
In addition to
academic recognition
, Beta Alpha Psi
provides
exclusive opportunities to network with potential employers.
Professional meetings
keep you informed of current trends in accounting, prepare you for the
world
after college and
demonstrate
your commitment to learning outside the classroom.
Service events
help you develop an ethical mindset and a sense of public responsibility, as well as
engage with classmates and our
extensive alumni network.
S
ocial events
allow you to connect with peers, make friends
and have fun!
How do you join?
First Year Students
– Explore Beta as an Affiliate Member:  As an affiliate, you can explore the organization and evaluate whether full-time membership is for you. Drop in on any of our meetings to connect with members and alumni with no signup obligation.
Intermediate and Advanced Students
– Apply to become a Candidate for Initiation:  Prior to earning membership, you are considered a candidate for membership.  Follow these steps to get started.
Check your eligibility:
You may begin candidacy once you have sophomore standing (i.e., >24 college credits).  You must also be enrolled in intermediate level coursework (i.e., ACCO 3001 or higher for accounting majors; FINA 4001, FINA 4011, or an equivalent upper-level course for finance majors; and INSY 4051 or INSY 4052 for IT majors.)
Apply to become a candidate for initiation:
Use the link below to complete the New Candidate Form:
https://forms.office.com/r/vkYrQBKgDk
Pay your dues:
You’ll make a one-time payment of $100 at the start of your candidacy. This includes a $75 non-refundable initiation fee remitted to the National BAP office. The remaining portion funds professional, scholarship, service, and social activities. The $100 payment should be made to our Venmo account (@MarquetteBAP).  Your candidacy officially begins once the payment is received.
Begin participating in Beta events:
It takes two consecutive semesters of participation in Beta Alpha Psi to become an initiated member. As a candidate, you must maintain high academic standards, attend professional meetings and engage in service activities.
Apply to become an initiated member:
Successful candidates apply for initiation near the conclusion of their second semester.  Your application is evaluated based on academic performance as well as your active participation in professional and service activities.
Attend the initiation ceremony:
Successful candidates are invited to attend the initiation ceremony, thereby becoming an official member of Beta Alpha Psi!  As a newly initiated member, you will be immediately eligible to receive scholarships, vote in chapter elections and run for leadership positions.
Initiation Requirements for New Candidates
To become eligible for initiation as a member, candidates must meet the following academic and participation requirements.
Academic Excellence:
Candidates are expected to achieve certain academic requirements by the date of their initiation.
Satisfy one of the following grade requirements:
Cumulative Grade Point Average (GPA) of 3.0; or
GPA of 3.25 over the most recent 30 semester hours completed.
GPA of 3.0 in accounting courses. For candidates who are double-majors in accounting with finance or information technology, grades in upper-division finance or information technology courses, respectively, should be factored in the GPA as well.
Professional Excellence:
Candidates are expected to attend at least 70 percent of professional meetings over two consecutive semesters. For example, a typical school year includes fourteen professional meetings. A successful candidate will attend at least 10 meetings over that timeframe.
Service Excellence:
Candidates are expected to actively participate in each of our service initiatives over two consecutive semesters. These initiatives include:
Tutoring:
Beta hosts pre-exam review sessions for ACCO 1030 and 1031 students. Candidates are expected to attend at least 70% of these sessions over two consecutive semesters. For example, a typical school year includes 12 review sessions. A successful candidate will attend at least eight sessions over that timeframe.
Society Impact Events:
Beta assists community partners with programs ranging from hunger to literacy. Candidates are expected to engage in at least 70% of these sessions over two consecutive semesters.  For example, a typical school year includes three to four society impact events.  A successful candidate will attend at least two events over that timeframe.
Mentoring:
Beta provides peer mentoring for students interested in accounting, finance, analytics, and/or IT careers.  Candidates will attend at least one designated mentoring event per semester.
Participation Expectations for Initiated Members
Initiated members in good standing (“MIGS”) are eligible for special recognition, scholarships, and awards.  Requirements for MIG status are detailed below.
Academic Excellence:
MIGS are expected to maintain certain academic requirements, including:
One of the following grade requirements:
Cumulative Grade Point Average (GPA) of 3.0 or
GPA of 3.25 over the most recent 30 semester hours completed.
GPA of 3.0 in accounting courses. For candidates who are double-majors in accounting with finance or information technology, grades in upper-division finance or information technology courses, respectively, should be factored in the GPA as well.
Professional Excellence:
MIGS are expected to attend at least 25% of professional meetings over two consecutive semesters. For example, a typical school year includes 14 professional meetings.  MIGS should attend at least four meetings over that timeframe.
Service Excellence:
MIGS are expected to actively participate in each of our service initiatives over two consecutive semesters.  These initiatives include:
Tutoring:
Beta hosts pre-exam review sessions for ACCO 1030 and 1031 students. A typical school year includes 12 review sessions. MIGS are expected to attend at least one session per semester.
Society Impact Events:
Beta assists community partners with programs ranging from hunger to literacy. A typical school year includes three to four society impact events. MIGS are expected to participate in at least one of these events.
Mentoring:
Beta provides peer mentoring for students interested in accounting, finance, analytics and/or IT careers.  MIGS are expected to attend at least one mentoring event.
Beta Alpha Psi
Chapter Information & How to Join
For the Firms - Get Involved
For the Firms - Make a Donation
©