URL: https://www.marquette.edu/business/undergraduate/majors/real-estate.php
TITLE: Real Estate Major // Business // Marquette University

Skip to content
marquette.edu
//
Search
//
A-Z Index
//
Give to Marquette
Marquette University
College of Business Administration
College of Business Administration
Marquette.edu
//
Business
//
Undergraduate
//
Majors
//
Real Estate Major
Marquette University Undergraduate Bulletin - major course requirements
Considering a Real Estate major? (Admissions site)
Applied and experiential learning: The Real Estate Asset Program
Student support through the Vieth Institute for Real Estate Leadership
Finding the perfect location is as important to a growing business as hiring the employees to run it. Will a new coffee shop thrive in this neighborhood? What about a condominium or apartment complex? Could this be the right spot for a plant? Businesses might range from tiny storefronts to sprawling industrial complexes, but the importance of commercial real estate — and those who understand it — is the same.
Effective and ethical.
Marquette real estate majors receive an education that is grounded in the Jesuit tradition. It seeks to provide the real estate community not only with innovative and effective professionals, but also with ethically committed decision-makers who understand their accountability to current and future users of developed space.
Grow.
As a real estate major, you'll be exposed to the many firms that surround Marquette — from national life insurance companies and banks to commercial property management firms and real estate development and brokerage companies — whose members advise and collaborate with Marquette's chair in real estate, creating fertile ground for your own growth as a real estate professional.
Build.
Marquette's program keeps the emphasis on real estate where it belongs: on practical applications, not just theory. Real estate majors will learn how to apply principles of market analysis, financing and development with respect to commercial real estate — literally building from the ground up in some cases. And because you'll graduate as an applied decision-maker, not just a number cruncher, you'll already have the skills employers demand.
Learning Outcomes
As one of many methods of assuring that the goals of our educational mission are successfully met, the college regularly and systematically engages in the assessment of a variety of competencies. As part of this
assurance of learning
, each program defines and collects data on learning goals; statements of the knowledge, skills and attitudes that we want our graduates to possess. We use them for continuous improvement and they are the criteria on which organizations such as AACSB evaluate our accreditation.
Operationalize the management of the real estate portfolio
Understand real estate law and regulations
Apply analytical skills
Efficiently and concisely communicate investment information
Majors
Accounting
Accelerating Ingenuity in Markets (AIM)
Business Economics
Business Analytics
Entrepreneurship
Finance
Human Resources
Information Systems
International Business
Marketing
Operations and Supply Chain Management
Real Estate
Contact us
Beth Krey
, Assistant Dean
(414) 288-7142 or (800) 524-8702
beth.krey@marquette.edu
or
biz@marquette.edu
Sara Koenig, Student Services
(414) 288-5151
sara.koenig@marquette.edu
©