URL: https://www.marquette.edu/business/undergraduate/majors/international-business.php
TITLE: International Business Major // Business // Marquette University

Skip to content
marquette.edu
//
Search
//
A-Z Index
//
Give to Marquette
Marquette University
College of Business Administration
College of Business Administration
Marquette.edu
//
Business
//
Undergraduate
//
Majors
//
International Business Major
The International Business major is available only as a
second major
and includes four main components:
A second major in one of the functional areas in Business Administration
Proficiency in a second language
Work or study abroad for a semester, year, or summer
Course work in International Business
With careful advising and planning, most students have the opportunity to complete the requirements for the International Business major in eight semesters (four years) without need to enroll in summer classes.
IB Majors with Finance or Accounting second majors may also apply to the
Applied Investment Management (AIM) Program
.
Considering an International Business major?
Marquette University Undergraduate Bulletin - major course requirements
Learning Outcomes
As one of many methods of assuring that the goals of our educational mission are successfully met, the college regularly and systematically engages in the assessment of a variety of competencies. As part of this
assurance of learning
, each program defines and collects data on learning goals; statements of the knowledge, skills and attitudes that we want our graduates to possess. We use them for continuous improvement and they are the criteria on which organizations such as AACSB evaluate our accreditation. The following are the current Learning Goals for the International Business Major along with the goals for the Undergraduate Business Core.
Understand the nature of international business
Demonstrate developed global perspectives
Below are the specific learning outcomes assessed to help determine if students meet the above outcome.
For the goal - Understand the nature of international business:
Explain how international factors affect domestic concerns
Explain regional economic integration and economic and political integration
Explain the main institutions that shape the global marketplace
Explain businesses expansion abroad
Explain the key legal issues related to businesses operating in other countries
For the goal - Demonstrate developed global perspectives:
Cognitive knowledge of global issues
Interpersonal skills with individuals from various cultures
Social responsibility awareness on global issues
Undergraduate Business Core Learning Goals
Apply effective written and oral communication skills to business situations.
Analyze the global business environment.
Analyze the local business environment.
Use critical thinking skills in business situations.
Apply an ethical understanding and perspective to business situations.
Majors
Accounting
Accelerating Ingenuity in Markets (AIM)
Business Economics
Business Analytics
Entrepreneurship
Finance
Human Resources
Information Systems
International Business
Marketing
Operations and Supply Chain Management
Real Estate
Contact us
Beth Krey
, Assistant Dean
(414) 288-7142 or (800) 524-8702
beth.krey@marquette.edu
or
biz@marquette.edu
Sara Koenig, Student Services
(414) 288-5151
sara.koenig@marquette.edu
©