URL: https://www.marquette.edu/central/financial-aid/applying-for-aid/undergraduate-apply.php
TITLE: Key steps for undergraduate students applying for financial aid // Marquette Central // Marquette University

Skip to content
marquette.edu
//
Search
//
A-Z Index
//
Give to Marquette
Marquette University
Student Financial Aid
Student Financial Aid
Marquette.edu
//
Marquette Central
//
Student Financial Aid
//
Applying for Aid
//
Key steps for undergraduate students applying for financial aid
Applying for financial aid can be a painless process if you keep in mind some
helpful hints
and follow the instructions provided here. If you'd like to determine how much aid you'll need to attend Marquette, please visit the
Marquette
Net Price Calculator
.
FAFSA Overview and Helpful Hints
1. Get Organized
2. Start the FAFSA Online
3. Follow Up
To complete the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
, you need to:
Create a
Federal Student Aid ID (FSA ID)
username and password online. You will use this to sign the FAFSA online.
Use
this guide
to help determine your dependency status.
If you are a dependent student. have your parent create an FSA ID online. They will use this to sign the FAFSA.
Use
this guide
to find out what parent information needs to be included on the FAFSA.
Apply early - file your FAFSA as soon as you can.
Complete all sections about you, your school plans, and financial information, don’t leave blank spaces.
Go to the
FAFSA website
.
Avoid common errors. Enter your correct date name, date of birth, etc.
Make sure you enter your personal information exactly as it appears on your Social Security card. (That’s right, no nicknames.)
Dependent students must have a parent's signature on their FAFSA.
Use the IRS Data Retrieval Tool to transfer both your and your parent’s tax information to the FAFSA.
List Marquette University. Our school code is
003863
.
Sign and submit the FAFSA using your FSA ID. If you are a dependent student, don't forget to include your parent's FSA ID too, or your FAFSA will not be accepted.
Your Expected Family Contribution (EFC) is calculated from information you provided on the FAFSA. The EFC is an indicator of the family’s financial strength and is used to determine your financial aid eligibility.
Print out and keep a copy of your submitted information for your records.
After you file the
FAFSA
:
You will receive a Student Aid Report (SAR). Check it for accuracy and follow up on any requests for additional information.
Watch your
Marquette Email
account for financial aid notifications and/or requests for additional documentation. Read and follow all instructions.
Contact
Marquette Central
if you have special or extraordinary circumstances to consider regarding your financial aid offer.
Applying for Aid Links
Key Steps
Eligibility
Filing the 2026-27 FAFSA
Filing the 2025-26 FAFSA
Verification 2026-27
Verification 2025-26
PROBLEM WITH THIS WEBPAGE?
Report an accessibility problem
To report another problem, please contact
marquettecentral@marquette.edu
©