URL: https://www.marquette.edu/central/financial-aid/scholarships
TITLE: Scholarships // Marquette Central // Marquette University

Skip to content
marquette.edu
//
Search
//
A-Z Index
//
Give to Marquette
Marquette University
Student Financial Aid
Student Financial Aid
Marquette.edu
//
Marquette Central
//
Student Financial Aid
//
Scholarships
A scholarship is a form of gift assistance that does not have to be repaid. Scholarships are awarded on a competitive basis to students of high academic ability who enroll full-time in an eligible college and are awarded by Marquette and private organizations.
Marquette offers a wide variety of merit scholarships to freshman and transfer students that support the university's mission while recognizing student achievement — excellence in and out of the classroom, commitment to community service, and demonstrated leadership.
Important note:
Please be aware that Marquette scholarships are intended to cover
tuition expenses only.
Therefore, if you receive a full-tuition scholarship from another source (ROTC or any outside organization, etc.), you are no longer eligible for the Marquette scholarship. Likewise, if you receive scholarship aid from all sources (including private scholarships) exceeding your cost of education, your Marquette scholarship and other financial aid will be reduced.
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Freshmen and transfer scholarships
Scholarship opportunities offered to entering freshmen and transfer students include a variety of full-tuition, general and special awards. For more information, visit the
scholarship section
on the Office of Undergraduate Admissions' site.
Continuing undergraduate student scholarships
Scholarship opportunities offered to continuing undergraduate students include:
Miller Electric Manufacturing Company Scholarship
Stephen Kearney Memorial Grant
Wisconsin Energy Corporation/Marquette Daughters and Sons Scholarship
Graduate/professional scholarships and assistantships
Scholarships and assistantships are awarded by the following schools and programs:
School of Dentistry
Law School
Graduate School
College of Health Sciences
Private Outside Scholarships
Questions concerning scholarships and assistantships should be directed to the admissions office or dean's office of the school or program in which you plan to enroll.
Private outside scholarships
The Office of Student Financial Aid posts numerous private outside scholarship opportunities. Students should be aware that private outside organizations determine their own application requirements, deadlines and criteria.
How to submit private scholarship checks
See the current listing of private outside scholarships
Scholarship scam alert! Every year there are several scams based on imitations of legitimate foundations, scholarship sponsors, lenders and scholarship search companies. A college education can cost a lot of money and, unfortunately, students and their families often fall prey to such scams while looking for ways to pay for school.
Marquette Central
provides advice on how to identify scholarship scams, how to protect yourself and what to do if you are scammed.
Scholarships Links
Undergraduate Admissions Scholarships
For School of Dentistry
HHS Scholarship for Disadvantaged Students
For Law School
For Graduate School
For College of Health Sciences
Private Outside Scholarships
Turn In Private Scholarship Checks
PROBLEM WITH THIS WEBPAGE?
Report an accessibility problem
To report another problem, please contact
marquettecentral@marquette.edu
©