URL: https://www.marquette.edu/central/financial-aid/applying-for-aid/verification-2026-27.php
TITLE: Guidelines for the Verification Process, 2026-27 // Marquette Central // Marquette University

Skip to content
marquette.edu
//
Search
//
A-Z Index
//
Give to Marquette
Marquette University
Student Financial Aid
Student Financial Aid
Marquette.edu
//
Marquette Central
//
Student Financial Aid
//
Applying for Aid
//
Guidelines for the Verification Process, 2026-27
What is Verification?
Verification
is the federal process of verifying or confirming that the information provided on the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
is accurate. Roughly 5% of all FAFSAs filed are selected for verification. Information such as family size, tax information, or income information will be verified.
Marquette University will notify you if your FAFSA has been selected for verification and of the documentation to submit to us.
Complete and submit the 2026-2027 FAFSA to be considered for 2026-2027 financial aid.
Use
tax year 2024
income information.
Electronically
sign
the FAFSA using
FSA ID
.
Expand all
|
Collapse all
1. SELECTED FOR VERIFICATION?
If you receive notification that you have been selected for verification, submit the following:
Complete the Verification Worksheet
Dependent Students:
An electronic Verification Worksheet will be sent to the student’s Marquette email address from DocuSign. The student will complete their portion of the form, attach any required documents, sign, and submit the worksheet.
The worksheet will then be sent to the parent email address listed on the FAFSA. The parent will complete their portion, attach any required documents, sign, and submit the form.
The worksheet will then be sent to the Office of Student Financial Aid for processing.
Paper Dependent Verification Worksheet
: If you did not receive or are unable to access the electronic verification worksheet, submit the paper form. You will need to print it, follow the instructions to complete it, and submit the paper form with the required documents.
Independent Students:
2026-27 Independent Student Verification Form
Submit your 2024 Federal Tax Data
If your 2024 tax data did not transfer to the FAFSA, submit an IRS Tax Return Transcript (TRT) or a signed copy of your IRS Form 1040 with schedules 1 and 3 (if filed).
IF YOU DID NOT FILE A 2024 IRS TAX RETURN:
Parent(s) of Dependent Students: If your parent(s) did not file a 2024 federal tax return and you receive notice you have been selected for verification, submit the following:
Completed verification form
Copies of all 2024 W-2s and or 1099s received
If you would have filed 2024 taxes in a foreign country, a letter of non-filing from the relevant tax authority.
Dependent Students: If you did not file a 2024 federal tax return and you receive notice you have been selected for verification, submit the following:
Completed verification form
Copies of all 2024 W-2s and or 1099s received
Independent Students: If you did not file a 2024 federal tax return and you receive notice you have been selected for verification, submit the following:
Completed verification form
Copies of all 2024 W-2s and/or 1099s received
If you would have filed 2024 taxes in a foreign country, a letter of non-filing from the relevant tax authority.
2. MANUALLY ENTERED TAX DATA
In certain cases, you cannot import tax data from the IRS. The applicant will be informed that, based on their responses, they are not eligible to transfer tax data from the IRS to the FAFSA. This can happen when the primary parent is not the primary taxpayer on the IRS Form 1040, if taxes were filed recently, or if you did not file a U.S. tax return. In these situations, you will manually enter your tax information.
If the applicant’s marital status has changed since filing 2024 taxes, you will update the income information after the tax data loads.
If you are selected for Verification, you will be required to submit the following documentation to verify your reported FAFSA income data:
Tax Filing Status:
Then submit the following:
Filed 2024 taxes recently or taxpayer's identity does not match
Signed copy of 2024 Federal IRS Form 1040 with schedules 1 and 3 (if filed)
Filed a 2024 Federal Tax Filing Extension and have yet to file your 2024 Tax Return
See "Tax Extension" information
Filed Puerto Rican Tax Return
Signed copy of the 2024 Puerto Rican Tax Return which can be ordered
here:
https://hacienda.pr.gov/
Filed an Income Tax Return with the Tax Authority for American Samoa
Signed copy of 2024 American Samoa Tax Account Information
Filed Other Return: Guam, Virgin Islands, or Northern Mariana Islands Tax Return
Signed copy of the 2024 Other Tax Return filed with the Relevant Tax Authority
Filed Freely Associated States (Republic of the Marshall Islands, Republic of Palau, and Federated States of Micronesia) Tax Return
Signed copy of the 2024 Other Tax Return Transcript
A signed copy of the applicable 2024 income tax return that was filed with the taxing authority is only acceptable if tax filers are unable to obtain a free copy of a transcript of their tax information
A tax filer who filed an income tax return with tax authorities and who indicates that they are unable to obtain the tax account information free of charge, must provide documentation that the tax authority charges a fee to obtain that information, along with a signed copy of his or her income tax return that was filed with the relevant tax authority.
Filed Foreign Tax Return
Signed copy of an official English translation of the 2024 Foreign Tax Return Transcript
*or*
If providing a signed copy of an official English translation of the 2024 Foreign Tax Return instead of a Transcript:
Signed copy of an official English translation of the 2024 Foreign Tax Return *and*
Documentation that the tax authority charges a fee to obtain that tax transcript information
In cases where an individual from a foreign country, under that country's applicable government agency rules, is not required to file an income tax return, he or she can provide the institution with a signed statement certifying all of the individual's income and taxes paid for the tax year.
Victims of IRS Identity Theft
Signed copy of 2024 Federal IRS Form 1040 with schedules 1 and 3 (if filed); *and*
Copy of your IRS 4674C letter
*or*
A statement signed and dated by the tax filer indicating they were a victim of IRS tax-related identity theft and that the IRS is aware of it.
Filers who believe they are victims of identity theft may call Identity Protection Specialized Unit (IPSU) toll-free number at (800) 908-4490 or go to the
ID theft page
on irs.gov. After the IPSU authenticates the tax filer's identity, the tax filer can request that the IRS mail to the tax filer an alternate paper tax return transcript.
If your marital status changed on or after December 31, 2024, your 2024 tax filing status does not match your current marital status, or if you are unmarried, living together, and unable to file a joint tax return, use this chart:
Tax Filing Status:
Then submit the following:
Parent on the Dependent Student’s FAFSA filed a joint income tax return and is married to someone other than the individual included on the joint income tax return
Parent will still give permission for tax information to be transferred to the FAFSA. They will then manually add their portion of the 2024 income and tax information.
Signed copy of the joint 2024 Federal IRS Form 1040 with schedules 1 and 3 (if filed)
IRS Form W-2 for each source of employment income and 1099s for all other income received for tax year 2024
Signed copy of current spouse’s 2024 Federal IRS Income Tax Return with all applicable schedules
Parent on the Dependent Student’s FAFSA filed a joint 2024 tax return, but is now separated, divorced, or widowed.
Parent will still give permission for tax information to be transferred to the FAFSA. They will then manually add their portion of the 2024 income and tax information.
Signed copy of the joint 2024 Federal IRS Form 1040 with schedules 1 and 3 (if filed)
IRS Form W-2 for each source of employment income received for tax year 2024
Parents are unmarried, living together, and did not file a joint income tax return
Parent #1 and Parent #2 must both be invited to contribute to the student’s FAFSA, they will receive separate invitations and give permission to transfer tax data.
Independent student who filed a joint income tax return and who is married to someone other than the individual included on the joint income tax return
Student will still give permission for tax information to be transferred to the FAFSA. The student will then manually add only their portion of the 2024 income and tax information.
The student will invite their current spouse to contribute to the FAFSA.
Signed copy of student’s joint 2024 Federal IRS Form 1040 with all schedules 1 and 3 (if filed)
IRS Form W-2 for each source of employment income and 1099s for all other income received for tax year 2024
Signed copy of 2024 Federal IRS Income Tax Return with all applicable schedules for current spouse
Independent student who filed a joint income tax return who is separated, divorced or a widow of the individual included on the joint income tax return.
Student will still give permission for tax information to be transferred to the FAFSA. The student will then manually add only their portion of the 2024 income and tax information.
Signed copy of student’s joint 2024 Federal IRS Form 1040 with all schedules 1 and 3 (if filed)
IRS Form W-2 for each source of employment income received for tax year 2024
3. FILED A 2024 FEDERAL IRS TAX EXTENSION
When the applicant’s FAFSA is selected for verification but the applicant and/or parent(s) have applied for the 2024 IRS Application for Automatic Extension of Time to File a U.S. Tax Return, submit the following documents by the requested date on the Missing Information Letter (MIL).
When Your FAFSA is Selected for Verification...
But you and/or your Parent(s)
Applied for a 2024 IRS Tax Extension
Submit this:
Fully completed and signed 2026-27 Verification Worksheet
And:
Copy of 2024 IRS Form 4868: Application for Automatic Extension of Time to File U.S. Individual Income Tax Return
And:
If you apply for and are approved for an extension beyond the automatic six-month extension deadline (October 15, 2025), you must submit a copy of the unexpired IRS approval of an additional extension of filing time for tax year 2024.
And:
IRS Verification of Non-Filing Letter, see Tab 10 for directions to order this document
or
Signed statement certifying that the individual—
Attempted to obtain Verification of Non-Filing letter from the IRS or other tax authorities and was unable to obtain the required documentation; and
Has not filed a 2024 Federal IRS Income Tax Return
And all of these that apply:
Copy of IRS Form W-2 for each source of employment income.
Copies of 1099s from all other sources of income.
Signed statement by a self-employed individual certifying the amount of the AGI and the U.S. Income Tax Paid for tax year 2024.
Interim Verification:
Verification is temporarily completed when the above documentation has been received.
Final Verification:
Verification is not complete until the FAFSA reflects the actual 2024 Federal IRS Tax Return data. Final Verification is required once the tax return has been filed. If final verification is not complete before the end of the enrollment period, 2026-27 financial aid must be cancelled.
Submit a signed copy of your 2024 Federal IRS Income Tax Return with all applicable schedules.
4. VERIFICATION OF IRA AND/OR PENSION ROLLOVERS
An IRA or Pension rollover happens when funds are moved from one account to another eligible account. Those with an untaxed Pension or IRA amount reported on the taxes will be asked if this is a rollover on the FAFSA. To update the FAFSA to remove the rollover amount, follow the steps below.
What Happens with Your 2024 IRA and/or Pension Rollover?
If your tax data transfers to the FAFSA from the IRS, the following will happen:
If an amount greater than $0 is transferred from the IRS into the Untaxed Portions of IRA Distributions field or the Untaxed Portions of Pensions field in the FAFSA form, you will be required to answer a new question about whether or not that amount includes a rollover. If you answer “yes,” you will be required to provide the amount of the rollover in a new entry field. The amount you report as the rollover amount will then be subtracted from the amount of the IRA or Pension distribution that was transferred from the IRS.
What Should You Do If You Have a 2024 IRA or Pensions Rollover When You Manually Enter Your Tax Data?
Step #1:
Enter the rollover information exactly as it is shown on your IRS Form 1040
Step #2:
Provide the following to Marquette Central:
A signed copy of your 2024 Federal Income Tax Return with the word ‘rollover’ handwritten next to the applicable line item(s).
*or*
Signed and dated copy of your 2024 IRS Tax Transcript with the word ‘rollover’ handwritten next to the applicable line item(s).
Result:
Once your documentation is received, it will be reviewed and processed.
5. AMENDED 2024 TAX RETURN / FILED 1040X
If you (or your parents) had to make corrections to the original 2024 Federal Income Tax Return and filed a 1040X, Amended U.S. Individual Income Tax Return Transcript, you may submit the following information to have the amended information added to the FAFSA:
Signed copy of the original 2024 Federal IRS Form 1040 with schedules 1 and 3 (if filed); *and*
Signed copy of 2024 IRS Form 1040X, "Amended U.S. Individual Income Tax Return"
6. REQUEST A TAX RETURN TRANSCRIPT
If the student or parent needs to submit a signed copy of their 2024 IRS form 1040 and they no longer have a copy of it, a Tax Return Transcript can be submitted instead.
Online Request
The online request is the easiest and fastest way to get the Tax Return Transcript:
Available at
irs.gov
Click or tap "Get Your Tax Record"
Click or tap “Get Transcript Online” (If at any point, you cannot validate your identity – for example, you cannot provide financial verification information or you lack access to a mobile phone – you may use Get Transcript by Mail, see below)
Follow instructions for creating an account or login.
Select "Tax Return Transcript" (not "Tax Account Transcript") and in the Tax Year field, select "2024".
Sign and submit the tax return transcript to Marquette; make sure to include the student’s name and MUID on the transcript.
Upload using
Document Upload
found in CheckMarq - or -
Mail to: Marquette Central, P.O. Box 1881, Milwaukee, WI 53201-1881
OR
Click or tap "Get My Tax Record"
Click or tap “Get Transcript by Mail”
Follow instructions.
Select "Return Transcript" (not "Account Transcript") and in the Tax Year field, select "2024".
Tax filers can expect to receive a paper IRS Tax Return Transcript at the address included in their online request within 5 to 10 days.
Sign and submit the tax return transcript to Marquette; make sure to include the student’s name and MUID on the transcript.
Upload using
Document Upload
found in CheckMarq - or -
Mail to: Marquette Central, P.O. Box 1881, Milwaukee, WI 53201-1881
Telephone Request
Available from the IRS by calling (800) 908-9946
Tax filers must follow prompts to enter their social security number and the numbers in their street address. Generally this will be numbers of the street address that was listed on the latest tax return filed.
Select "Option 2" to request an IRS Tax Return Transcript (not "Tax Account Transcript") and then enter "2024".
If successfully validated, tax filers can expect to receive a paper IRS Tax Return Transcript at the address provided in their telephone request within 5 to 10 days from the time of the request.
IRS Tax Return Transcripts requested by telephone cannot be sent directly to a third party by the IRS.
Sign and submit the tax return transcript to Marquette; make sure to include the student’s name and MUID on the transcript.
Upload using
Document Upload
found in CheckMarq - or -
Mail to: Marquette Central, P.O. Box 1881, Milwaukee, WI 53201-1881
Paper Request Form – IRS Form 4506T-EZ
Download IRS Form 4506T-EZ at
https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506tez.pdf
Complete lines 1 – 4, following the instructions on page 2 of the form. Use blue or black ink.
Line 3: Enter the tax filer's street address and zip or postal code. Use the address currently on file with the IRS.
Line 5: This provides tax filers with the option to have their IRS Tax Return Transcript mailed directly to a third party by the IRS. Do not have your Tax Return Transcript sent directly to Marquette.
Line 5b: provides tax filers with the option to a 10 digit Customer File Number: enter the Student’s MUID number on this line.
Line 6: in the Tax Year field, enter "2024".
The tax filer must sign and date the form and enter their telephone number. Only one signature is required when requesting a joint tax return transcript.
The IRS will not process a transcript request if you cross out any error that you made when filling out the Tax Transcript Request; instead print out a new request and return the properly completed and signed to the IRS.
Mail or fax the completed IRS Form 4506T-EZ to the address (or FAX number) provided on page 2 of Form 4506T-EZ.
If the 4506T-EZ information is successfully validated, tax filers can expect to receive a paper IRS Tax Return Transcript at the address provided on their request within 5 to 10 days.
Sign and submit the tax return transcript to Marquette; make sure to include the student’s name and MUID on the transcript.
Upload using
Document Upload
found in CheckMarq - or -
Mail to: Marquette Central, P.O. Box 1881, Milwaukee, WI 53201-1881
If you still have problems, the IRS.gov Website Help Desk can be reached toll-free at (800) 876-1715, Monday - Friday 8:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m. (Eastern Time).
7. ORDER REPLACEMENT W-2/1099 (WAGE AND INCOME TRANSCRIPT)
A Wage and Income Transcript provides all W-2 and 1099 information reported to the IRS for the tax year requested. If you are unable to locate your original W-2 or 1099 you can submit a copy of the Wage and Income Transcript in place of these forms.
Online Request
Available at
irs.gov
Click or tap "Get My Tax Record"
Click or tap “Get Transcript Online” (If at any point, you cannot validate your identity – for example, you cannot provide financial verification information or you lack access to a mobile phone – you may use Get Transcript by Mail, see below)
Follow instructions for creating an account or login.
Select "Wage and Income Transcript "and in the Tax Year field, select "2024".
Submit the IRS Wage and Income Transcript, to
Marquette Central
; make sure to include the student’s name and Marquette ID on the letter.
Upload using
Document Upload
found in CheckMarq - or -
Mail to: Marquette Central, P.O. Box 1881, Milwaukee, WI 53201-1881
Paper Request Form – IRS Form 4506-T
Download IRS Form 4506-T at
https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f4506t.pdf
Complete lines 1 – 4, following the instructions on page 2 of the form.
Line 3: enter the street address and zip or postal code. Use the address currently on file with the IRS.
Line 5: provides the option to have the IRS Wage and Income Transcript mailed directly to a third party by the IRS. Do not have your IRS Wage and Income Transcript sent directly to Marquette.
Line 5b: provides the option to add 10 digit Customer File Number: enter the Student’s MUID number on this line.
Line 6: Enter tax form number 1040.
Line 8: Select the checkbox on the right hand side for Wage and Income Transcript.
Line 9: Year or period requested field, enter "12/31/2024".
The requestor must sign and date the form and enter their telephone number.
Mail or fax the completed IRS Form 4506-T to the address (or FAX number) provided on page 2 of Form 4506-T.
If the 4506-T information is successfully validated, tax filers can expect to receive a paper IRS Wage and Income Transcript at the address provided on their request within 5 to 10 days.
Submit the IRS Wage and Income Transcript, to
Marquette Central
; make sure to include the student’s name and Marquette ID on the letter.
Upload using
Document Upload
found in CheckMarq - or -
Mail to: Marquette Central, P.O. Box 1881, Milwaukee, WI 53201-1881
How to fix address matching problems when ordering online
When entering the information into the IRS address matching system note the following:
The address entered must match the address already on file with the IRS exactly.
The address on file is typically the address on your most recent tax return.
Spelling out the word “street” rather than using the abbreviation “st.” can be enough to cause an error.
Addresses on the IRS system are auto-corrected through a post office program and may not match what you put on your tax return.
We suggest the following if you run into problems:
Have your taxes in front of you and enter the address carefully as it is on your return.
If you entered your address as it appears on your return and it doesn’t work, try using the standardized version of your address.
To get a standardized version of your address:1) go to
com
2) Click or tap Look Up a Zip Code 3) Enter Street Address, City, State 4) Click or tap Find
If you still have problems, the IRS.gov Website Help Desk can be reached toll-free at (800) 876-1715, Monday - Friday 8:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m. (Eastern Time).
8. OBTAIN A DUPLICATE SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION REQUEST FORM
If there are additional questions regarding your verification you may receive a Supplemental Information Request form. These forms are student specific so they are not available on our website.
If you did not receive the original or need a duplicate form, contact
Marquette Central
.
9. VERIFICATION OF IDENTITY
Some students are asked to confirm their identity after filing the 2026-27 FAFSA. This will be done by submitting a signed
Verification of Identity form
with verified copies of identification. This can be done in person or with a notary public.
The student must appear in person at Marquette Central, Zilber 121, to verify their identity by presenting:
An original, unexpired, valid government-issued photo identification (ID), such as, but not limited to, a driver’s license, non-driver’s identification card, other state-issued ID, or passport. Marquette University will maintain a copy of the student’s photo ID that is annotated by Marquette University with the date it was received and reviewed.
If the student is unable to appear in person at Marquette Central to verify their identity, the student
must
mail the following to Marquette University at the address above (uploaded, faxed, or emailed copies
will not
be accepted):
A copy of the unexpired valid government-issued photo identification (ID) that is acknowledged in the notary statement, or that is presented to a notary, such as, but not limited to, a driver’s license, non-driver’s identification card, other state-issued ID, or passport
Applying for Aid Links
Key Steps
Eligibility
Filing the 2026-27 FAFSA
Filing the 2025-26 FAFSA
Verification 2026-27
Verification 2025-26
PROBLEM WITH THIS WEBPAGE?
Report an accessibility problem
To report another problem, please contact
marquettecentral@marquette.edu
©