URL: https://www.marquette.edu/dentistry/admissions
TITLE: Prospective Students // School of Dentistry // Marquette University

Skip to content
marquette.edu
//
Search
//
A-Z Index
//
Give to Marquette
Marquette University
School of Dentistry
School of Dentistry
Marquette.edu
//
School of Dentistry
//
Prospective Students
At Marquette University School of Dentistry, we strive for excellence in dental education, oral health care, research and leadership, contributing to the advancement of the profession consistent with the university's mission of service to others. Interested in our program? Explore below!
Quick links
academic requirements
application requirements
Admissions Process
admissions faqs
D.D.S. Program
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Class Profile
Class Profile
Each year, we invest in 100 students - 50 in-state and 50 out-of-state - with the spirit, discipline and passion to succeed in our program. In addition to academic achievement, we consider the following characteristics:
Quality of college/university attended
Course selection rigor
Trend of performance (GPA)
DAT score (Canadian DAT accepted)
Orientation to the profession
Motivation and values
Extracurricular/leadership/service background
Personal interview
view class of 2029 profile
DAT Examination
DAT Examination
To be admitted to Marquette University's School of Dentistry, all candidates must obtain acceptable scores on the Dental Admission Test conducted by the Council on Dental Education of the
American Dental Association.
Scheduling Your Test
Candidates must complete and obtain acceptable scores on the DAT. The test is offered almost every day of the year at U.S.
Prometric Testing Centers
. It can be taken more than once, but the admissions committee will only consider the most recent test results. The
Canadian DAT
is acceptable.
Information about test registration may be requested from your pre-dental adviser. Test information, including sample exams, can be found on the
American Dental Association's website
or
American Dental Education Association's website
.
Learn More
DAT overview and online registration
Find a Prometric Test Center in your area
Tuition and Costs
2024-25 Tuition and Estimated Costs
Estimated independent student expense budget
Tuition/Books/Instruments
D1 (Year 1)
12 months
D2 (Year 2)
12 months
D3 (Year 3)
12 months
D4 (Year 4)
9 months
Tuition (Out-of-State Resident)
$68,780
$68,780
$68,780
$68,780
Tuition (Wisconsin Resident)
$60,120
$60,120
$60,120
$60,120
For additional costs, please click
here
.
Learn More
Gifts, loans and employment assistance for dental students
Marquette University Office of Student Financial Aid
Financial Aid
Financial Aid
Each year, more than $11 million in financial assistance is awarded to dental students. More than $600,000 of this is gift aid offered through generous donations to the School of Dentistry from alumni and friends. The remainder is in the form of loan assistance offered through government and private resources. All need-based financial assistance is administered through Marquette's
Office of Student Financial Aid
.
Financial Aid Resources
Applying for financial aid
Are you eligible?
Gifts, loans and employment assistance for dental students
Satisfactory academic progress standards
Understanding debt management
Step-by-step guide to applying for financial aid online
What's Happening in Admissions
What's Happening in Admissions
Interview Days...
Marquette School of Dentistry will hold virtual interviews during the 2025-26 application cycle.
2025-2026 Interview Dates:
September: 15, 19, 22, 26, 29 (non-resident)
October: 3, 6, 10, 13 (non-resident)
October: 31 (resident)
November: 3, 7 (resident)
January: 16, 23
ADEA AADSAS IMPORTANT DATES
2025-26 Cycle
ADEA AADSAS opens: May 13, 2025
ADEA AADSAS submissions: June 3, 2025
Academic Update period (1st academic period): Aug. 13 – Sept. 29, 2025
Academic Update period (2nd academic period): Dec. 1, 2025 – Feb. 6, 2026
ADEA AADSAS APPLICANT CUSTOMER SERVICE
Available Monday – Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Eastern Time
Phone 617-612-2045
Email:
aadsasinfo@aadsasweb.org
ADVANCED STANDING PROGRAM
Marquette maintains a program for foreign-trained dentists seeking admission to our program.
The 2025-26 Advanced Standing Program Application is open. Interested applicants must apply through CAAPID by January 1, 2026. We will not begin to review applications until after February 1, 2026.
It's that time of the year again where we are experiencing an extremely high volume of calls and emails. We will do our best to respond to your queries in a timely manner, but we appreciate your understanding and patience.
dental curriculum
dental competencies
learn more about the dental school
Online Application
i'm ready to apply
International students, transfer students and foreign-trained dentists should see links below for specific application requirements:
International students
|
Transfer students
|
Foreign-trained
dentists
Looking for information about Marquette's
Pre-Dental Scholars Program
?
Tap here.
Post-grad/Residency Programs
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Dentistry Master's/Certificate Program Overview
Dentistry Master's Programs
A Drive to Excel and a Passion for Dentistry
As Wisconsin’s only dental school, we offer you the most advanced clinical resources and instructional technology available. Every step you take in our program will be guided by faculty and practicing professionals who uphold Marquette’s vision: to train highly skilled oral health care practitioners to bring top-quality dental care to urban and rural communities across the country — and around the world. We’ll prepare you to enter practice immediately upon graduation.
Learn in state-of-the-art-facilities
Solve real health care challenges
Make a difference serving communities in need
Dental Biomaterials- M.S.
The M.S. program in dental biomaterials is offered to individuals who want to pursue advanced study in dental biomaterials.
Periodontics- M.S.
The M.S. program in periodontics is completed in three years and requires direct patient care during the duration of the program.
Endodontics- M.S.
First-year residents immediately start treating patients in the graduate clinic at the beginning of the program and continue throughout the two years.
Prosthodontics- M.S.
Our program provides progressive clinical, laboratory and didactic training, closely supervised, at the post-graduate level in fixed, removable, maxillofacial and implant prosthodontics.
Orthodontics- M.S.
Engage in research and scholarly activities that will generate new knowledge and solutions to oral and health-related problems through scientific investigations and research to extend the frontiers of knowledge.
General Practice Dental Residency, (Certificate 1 year)
The general practice dental residency certificate program offers a comprehensive curriculum covering advanced aspects of general dentistry.
Application Instructions and Guidelines
Application Instructions and Guidelines
Getting started with your application process
Thank you for your interest in applying to Marquette University Graduate School! Please read these general instructions prior to starting an application. If you need assistance completing the online application, please contact the Graduate School at (414) 288-7137.
Your application will be considered complete and ready for review when all three of these steps below have been completed. Be sure to check the Application Deadline and Required Materials for your program.
Application deadlines by program
Application requirements by program of interest
Step 1: Start Your Online Application
Submit an online application*
to the Graduate School.
*Prospective Speech-Language Pathology students must apply and submit all application requirements via
CSDCAS
.
*Students interested in applying for an
Inter-University exchange program
through UWM, MCW or the Midwest Catholic Schools Consortium should make note of any additional steps.
Step 2: Submit the $50 application fee
You will be prompted to pay the $50 application fee by credit card after clicking 'Submit Online Form' on the online application. Application fees will only be waived for current Marquette students and alumni, McNair Scholars, Trinity Fellowship applicants, and for attendees of our Open House, virtual information sessions, or other campus visit events.*
* The Graduate School is unable to waive application fees for Speech-Language Pathology students applying via CSDCAS.
Step 3: Submit all documentation
Unofficial transcripts, personal statements, resumes, etc. can be uploaded from your Student Status page after clicking 'Submit Online Form.' Official test scores MUST be sent directly from the testing agency and cannot be uploaded through your Student Status page. You can track the receipt of these items and your application status from the Student Status page.
Log in to your online application status
page to see what items were received and what still needs to be submitted.
Expect to receive a weekly reminder email about the materials that you still need to submit before the application deadline.
Documents may include:
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Supporting Documentation
Domestic Transcripts
International Transcripts
Test Scores
Letters of Recommendation
When will I receive an admission decision to the Graduate School?
Expect to receive a decision approximately six to eight weeks after the application deadline. Each program has its own admission committee and therefore the time frames for application reviews and decisions vary.
As soon as an admissions decision is made, the Graduate School will send you an official email notification.
Dental Biomaterials
Dental Biomaterials
Contact
To find out more about our program or ask a question, please
email us
or contact:
Dr. David Berzins
Dental Biomaterials
Wehr Physics Building, Room 113A
Marquette University
P.O. Box 1881
Milwaukee, WI 53201-1881
(414) 288-5690
Dental Biomaterials program
The M.S. program in Dental Biomaterials is offered to individuals who want to pursue advanced study in dental biomaterials. A major component of the program is conducting a research project, culminating in the successful completion of a master’s thesis and defense.
The curriculum is structured to provide a broad overview of the use of materials science in dentistry (
Read more
).
Courses cover topics such as:
Metallurgy
Ceramics
Polymers
Mechanical behavior
Cements
Experimental techniques as they apply to dental biomaterials
Training in methods, techniques and instrumentation used in dental biomaterials research are also extended to students.
Application information
An online application is available on the
Graduate School’s website
.
Application requirements
A completed Marquette Graduate School online application and application fee.
Official transcripts from all current and previous colleges except Marquette University
Three letters of recommendation
Undergraduate and/or dental school GPA and class ranks
TOEFL score or other acceptable proof of English proficiency (International Students)
GRE scores (general test only)
Frequently asked questions
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Who typically applies or enrolls in the dental biomaterials M.S. program?
How long is the dental biomaterials M.S. program?
What is the dental biomaterials tuition?
Is financial aid available?
When is the application deadline?
Is the GRE required for admission to the dental biomaterials program?
Current graduate students
Faculty
Dr. David Berzins, B.S., Ph.D.
Professor and Graduate Program Director for Biomaterials
david.berzins@marquette.edu
Research profile
Dr. Jeffrey M. Toth, B.S. Eng., Ph.D., FAIMBE
Professor of Biomaterials and Associate Dean for Research
jeffrey.toth@marquette.edu
Research profile
Endodontics
Endodontics
The graduate program is 24 months long with an
emphasis on high-quality clinical training
. First-year residents immediately start treating patients in the graduate clinic at the beginning of the program and continue throughout the two years. Clinical faculty members have vast experience in clinical endodontics and provide coverage in the graduate clinic.
A master of science degree is an integral part of the program. A research thesis or acceptance of a paper in a peer-reviewed journal is required to graduate. Most research is directed toward evidence–based research specific to the field of endodontics. Required core courses are shared with other post-graduate specialties, in addition to endodontic-specific course work.
A wide spectrum of resident applicants is accepted each year. This mix varies from year to year and is dependent on the strength of the applicant pool.  Prerequisites include composite experience, GPA, class rank, national board scores and with the interview process. GPR/AEGD or private practice experience is encouraged.
Application information
An online application is available on the
Graduate School’s website
. The application deadline is July 15. Please contact the Graduate School with questions.
Application requirements
Read all
application instructions
prior to beginning an application.
A completed Marquette University application form and fee online
.
Official transcripts from all current and previous colleges/universities except Marquette. International applicants must have course grades converted to numerical values of 4.000, 3.000, 2.000, and 1.000 or to corresponding letter grades of A, B, C, and D, respectively. Where such a conversion is not possible, an explanation of the grading system used in the foreign dental school and undergraduate institution should accompany the official English translation of the grade transcripts.
If coursework was completed outside of the United States, a transcript evaluation is required. A copy of a course-by-course evaluation is approved for the application process.
Undergraduate and dental school grade-point averages, and class rank in dental school. If class rank is not listed on the official transcript, a dean's letter may be submitted to
gradadmit@marquette.edu
or as an additional reference through the online application.
Three
letters of recommendation
reflecting the applicant’s clinical and academic abilities.
Scores from the National Board Dental Examinations, Part I and Part II. Not required from graduates of non-U.S./non-Canadian dental schools. Official scores should be sent to
gradadmit@marquette.edu
.
A curriculum vitae and a personal statement.
For international applicants only:
a TOEFL score or
other acceptable proof
of English proficiency.
Program Director
Dr. Stephanie Sidow
Clinical Associate Professor and Grad Program Director in Endodontics
General Practice Residency (GPR)
Hands-on experience led by dental health experts
As Wisconsin’s only dental school, we offer you the most advanced clinical resources and instructional technology available. Every step you take in our program will be guided by faculty and practicing professionals who uphold Marquette’s vision: to train highly skilled oral health care practitioners to bring top-quality dental care to urban and rural communities across the country — and around the world. We’ll prepare you to enter practice immediately upon graduation.
About the general practice dental residency certificate program
The general practice dental residency certificate program offers a comprehensive curriculum covering advanced aspects of general dentistry. The program integrates clinical practice with didactic learning and enables residents to collaborate with healthcare professionals from various medical disciplines in a hospital setting.
Marquette will assign only residents to Aurora who are licensed and authorized to engage in the practice of dental care under applicable laws and regulations in the United States.
Mission Statement
The General Practice Residency Program (GPR) is a twelve-month training program with the option of a second year aimed at providing post-graduate education and clinical training leading to proficiency in general dentistry.
The foundational goals include developing the graduate as:
A primary care provider capable of providing emergency and multidisciplinary care withing the scope of general dentistry, coordinating and providing patient focused care and directing health promotion and disease prevention activities.
A clinician proficient in planning and providing multidisciplinary oral health care for many types of patients, including those with special needs.
A clinician capable of managing oral health care delivery by applying concepts of patient care, practice management and quality improvement responsive to a changing health care environment.
The GPR program emphasizes general dentistry, resident education, patient centered care and community service through post-graduate training and the delivery of oral health care in a hospital setting.
Program Director
Dr. Jeffrey Zeller
Professor and GPR Program Director
Orthodontics
Orthodontics
Our mission
Provide quality service and efficient oral health care and respond to the needs of the people of the state of Wisconsin.
Educate the appropriate level in the discipline of orthodontics, dentists, dental clinical specialists, dental educators, scientists and dental auxiliaries who will be prepared to meet the oral health and demands of the people of the state of Wisconsin and of the society at large, around the nation and around the world.
Engage in research and scholarly activities that will generate new knowledge and solutions to oral and health-related problems through scientific investigations and research to extend the frontiers of knowledge.
Provide continuing education programs to the profession.
Make available to local communities and public agencies the expertise and educational services of the section of orthodontics in ways consistent with the primary functions of teaching and research.
To assist the School of Dentistry in providing leadership and cooperate in the development of academic programs with public agencies and interdisciplinary activity to meet the educational needs of the region and state.
M.S. and Certificate in Orthodontics
Orthodontic training at Marquette is provided in a
26.5 month program
accredited by the Commission on Dental Accreditation. The orthodontic residents are certified dentists who are being trained to be specialists in orthodontics.
Orthodontic faculty are certified dentists who have completed two to three years of specialty training in an accredited orthodontic residency program beyond their four years of dental school training. Most orthodontic faculty are board certified by the ABO.
First-year residents normally take on an initial caseload of 40–50 patients, then receive an additional transfer of 50 patients during the second year of their training.
Residents must execute a research project and defend a master's thesis to graduate. The program accepts five residents each year and fulfills eligibility requirements of the American Board of Orthodontics. Approximately 20 candidates are invited for interviews every year based on the selection criteria. The orthodontics program participates in PASS and the
National Matching Service
.
There is a strong commitment from the local orthodontic community, and our part-time and full-time faculty provide all clinic coverage. We have 20 part-time clinical professors who have broad experience in applied orthodontics. Twelve faculty are ABO board certified, and five are current members of the Angle Society.
The program has three full-time faculty.
Dr. Dawei Liu
is director of the graduate orthodontic program.
Application requirements
An online application is available on the
Graduate School’s website
. If you have any questions about the application process, please contact the
Graduate School
.
A completed Marquette University application form and fee online
. Applicants must apply through Marquette, or they are not considered for admission.
Official transcripts
from all current and previous colleges/universities except Marquette. International applicants must have course grades converted to numerical values of 4.000, 3.000, 2.000, and 1.000 or to corresponding letter grades of A, B, C, and D, respectively. Where such a conversion is not possible, an explanation of the grading system used in the foreign dental school and undergraduate institution should accompany the official English translation of the grade transcripts.
If coursework was completed outside of the United States, a transcript evaluation is required. A copy of a course-by-course evaluation is approved for the application process.
Undergraduate and dental school grade-point averages, and class rank in dental school. If class rank is not listed on the official transcript, a dean's letter may be submitted to
gradadmit@marquette.edu
or as an additional reference through the online application.
Three
letters of recommendation
reflecting the applicant’s clinical and academic abilities.
Scores from the National Board Dental Examinations, Part I and Part II. Not required from graduates of non-U.S./non-Canadian dental schools. Official scores should be sent to
gradadmit@marquette.edu
.
A curriculum vitae and a personal statement.
GRE scores
(General Test only)
Registration with
National Matching Service
is required. The Orthodontics program is part of the Postdoctoral Dental Matching Program. Details of this program can be obtained through the
Orthodontics Department (Contact
Dr. Dawei Liu
).
For international applicants only:
a TOEFL score or
other acceptable proof
of English proficiency.
Interim Program Director
Dr. William Lobb
Emertius Dean, Professor and Interim Graduate Program Director in Orthodontics
Periodontics
Periodontics
Program Description
The Advanced Education in Periodontics program is a
36-month program
that provides a Master’s and a Certificate in Periodontics. The program provides training in four areas: didactic, clinical, research and teaching and is fully accredited by the Commission on Dental Accreditation of the American Dental Association. It also fulfills requirements for eligibility to the American Board of Periodontology.
Every periodontal resident must complete a minimum of 50 credit hours of course work, including 12 credit hours of clinical practice and six credit hours of thesis work. The remaining credits will be from courses assigned by the program director which are specific to periodontology.
Satisfactory completion of the didactic and clinical components of the program results in a specialty certificate through the Marquette University Graduate School. Satisfactory completion of the research component of the programs results in a Master’s degree through the Marquette University Graduate School. Completion of Master’s degree is a requirement for receipt of the specialty certificate.
Program Outline
Length: 36 Months
Enrollment: 2 residents per year, 6 residents total
Program offers: Certificate and Master of Science
Tuition fees:
Click link for detailed info
Stipend: $1,000/week of on-call service as tuition discount
Eligibility to the American Board of Periodontology: Yes
Commission on Dental Accreditation status: Approval without reporting requirements
Application Information
Participate in the
ADEA PASS
application process
Participate in Post Doctoral National Matching Program (Match)
Deadline for application: August 1
International students accepted
An online application is available on the
Graduate School’s website
. This application needs to be completed after Match results and
only
by the selected candidates.
Research
Graduation is dependent on receiving a master’s degree through the graduate school which involves an original research project and specified thesis requirements appropriate for this Master’s degree.
Read more about Research at Marquette
.
Program Director
Dr. Vrisiis Kofina, D.D.S., M.S.
Assistant Professor and Grad Program Director in Periodontics
Dr. Kofina received her D.D.S. from the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, Greece and her M.S. and Certificate in Periodontics from The Ohio State University. Before specializing in Periodontology, she practiced general dentistry in her hometown Athens. Dr. Kofina is a diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology and the recipient of the 2021 Bud and Linda Tarrsson Fellowship from the American Academy of Periodontology Foundation.
Prosthodontics
Prosthodontics
Purpose and program details
The purpose of the prosthodontic residency program is to provide progressive clinical, laboratory and didactic training, closely supervised, at the post-graduate level in fixed, removable, maxillofacial and implant prosthodontics. The interrelation of other medical/dental clinical specialties is also emphasized. The program integrates a research project in the biomedical sciences with a comprehensive clinical experience culminating in the award of a master of science in dentistry.
Our program is
three years in length
and is accredited by the Commission on Dental Accreditation. Successful completion leads to specialty certification and qualifies the graduate for examination by the American Board of Prosthodontics. The flexibility of the program permits the postdoctoral student to progress optimally, developing and building upon his or her background. Each student is assigned his/her own clinic operatory, study area and laboratory bench. The in-house laboratory is capable of fabricating all fixed and removable prostheses required in the program. Board-certified faculty and assisting staff support and advise students throughout all phases of prosthodontic treatment.
The program accepts two residents per year and typically begins in each June. Students must be in the area and settled before that time. There is a summer orientation with prosthodontic-specific material before core courses start.
To see the yearly program fee,
click here
. The fee is billed to the student each July, and special payment plans may be arranged with the Office of the Bursar. There are additional fees for dental instruments, equipment (articulator, clinical camera, surgical telescopes, etc.) and instrument rental.
Application information
An online application is available on the
Graduate School’s website
. Please contact the Graduate School with questions. To view application requirements
click here
.
Facilities
Marquette has a state-of-the-art facility dedicated to prosthodontics. The department uses digital radiography, and all patient records are electronic. The clinic features daylight corrective overhead lighting and north-facing windows so optimal esthetic outcomes may be realized. The abundance of natural light in the clinic and in the laboratory relaxes the patients and providers. The department has its own implant surgical suite for placing implants. Modern technology is available to plan implant placement, guide surgery and design restoration of implants and natural teeth. Cone beam CTs are acquired at our institution.
Program strengths
Small program, one-on-one education
Highly motivated faculty and staff
Strong biomaterials research capabilities
Full-time in-house certified dental laboratory technician
Large patient population
Treatments completed at the Prosthodontics Clinic
Complete Dentures and Implant rehabilitation
Program Director
Dr. Aymen Ahmed
Dr. Ahmed received his dental degree with honors from Mansoura University, Egypt. He served as Prosthodontic faculty at a dental school in his hometown where he also had a private practice. Dr. Ahmed went on to finish his Masters before starting his Ph.D. in a joint supervision program between Mansoura University and University of Texas - MD Anderson Cancer Center.
Dr. Ahmed pursued training in the US through a Prosthodontics residency program at the University of Iowa and became board certified in Prosthodontics in 2014, the same year he joined Marquette University School of Dentistry.
State Licensure/Certification Disclosure for Graduate Dentistry Programs
The information below reflects whether this program meets the educational requirements for
licensure or certification
in the specified states.
Satisfies Educational Requirements
(with existing D.D.S. or D.M.D. degree from an accredited dental school in the United States or Canada): AL, AK, AZ, AR, CA, CO, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, HI, ID, IL, IN, IA, KS, KY, LA, ME, MD, MA, MI, MN, MS, MO, MT, NE, NJ, NV, NH, NM, NY, NC, ND, OH, OK, OR, PA, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VT, VA, WA, WI, WV, WY.
Does Not Satisfy Educational Requirements
: None
No Determination Made
: AS, GU, MP, PR, VI
Please contact
gradadmit@marquette.edu
for more information about state licensure.
Unique Offerings for Students
One of the largest, most active Special Care Dentistry Association student chapters nationwide
read about Marquette scda
Nation's first and only dental school to offer diploma privilege for practice in the State of Wisconsin
read about diploma privilege
Mental health & wellness program with full-time, integrated counselor to work with students and residents
more information
MUSoD By The Numbers
400
professional students
28
graduate and resident students
73
full-time faculty
27
states represented by the student body (plus Canada)
14
student clubs and organizations
3.75
median undergraduate GPA
*statistics as of Fall 2025
Meet Our Admissions Team
Cassie Stewart, Director of Admissions
Cassie was appointed Director of Admissions in October 2024 after serving as associate director since 2011.
She received her bachelor's from Wisconsin-Superior. Cassie
serves as an advisory group member of the American Dental Education Association and as a MUSoD admissions committee member.
Contact Cassie:
Phone:
(414) 288-6506
Email:
cassie.stewart@marquette.edu
Tzivi Stern, Admissions Counselor
Tzivi joined Marquette School of Dentistry's admissions team in April 2025. A Milwaukee native and East Side resident, she received her degree from University of California, Berkeley.
Contact Tzivi:
Phone
:
(414) 288-1044
Email
:
tzivi.stern@marquette.edu
Contact
Tiffany Thomas
, Office Associate
Phone: (414) 288-6577
Email:
tiffany.thomas@marquette.edu
More Information
Prospective Students
D.D.S. Program
Application Requirements
Academic Requirements
Admissions Process
Tuition and costs
Residency Programs
Other Applicants
Pre-Dental Scholars Program
Foreign-Trained
International
Transfer Students
Learn More About the Dental School
More information
Dental Viewbook
Class of 2029 profile
Request a Brochure
Our Building
Take a Virtual Tour
History of the Dental School
Where to Stay in Milwaukee
FAQs
Contact Us
More about Marquette University
Departments
Community Dental Sciences
Developmental Sciences
General Dental Sciences
Surgical & Diagnostic Sciences
SCHOOL OF DENTISTRY ON SOCIAL MEDIA
Search Dentistry
SEE AN ISSUE?
If you see an issue with this website, please use the contact form on the
contact page
PROBLEM WITH THIS WEBPAGE?
Report an accessibility issue
©