URL: https://www.marquette.edu/tuition-financial-aid/scholarships-overview.php
TITLE: Scholarships and scholars programs for undergraduate students // Tuition & Financial Aid // Marquette University

Scholarships and scholars programs for undergraduate students
Marquette offers a wide variety of merit scholarships that support the university's mission while recognizing student achievement — excellence in and out of the classroom, commitment to community service and demonstrated leadership. A scholarship is a form of gift assistance that does not have to be repaid. Marquette and private organizations award scholarships on a competitive basis to students who enroll full time in an eligible college.
There is no application for scholarships. Students will be automatically considered for awards based on their application for admission. Once students are admitted, more information will be shared in their student status page.
For the scholars programs below, students must submit additional materials. Once students are admitted, more information will be shared in their student status page about the process and next steps.
Financial aid
Scholarships are one component of a student financial aid package. For optimum financial aid consideration, be sure to file the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
. We strongly recommend completing the FAFSA and submitting it to the federal processor (with income estimates if necessary) for consideration of all financial assistance.
International student aid
International students are not eligible for scholarships outside of Global Scholars and our scholars programs listed below.
Fall 2026 scholars programs and awards
General scholarships
Scholars programs
Wisconsin-based
Milwaukee-based
High school specific
College-based
International
Transfer
FACHEX and Tuition Exchange Programs
Other scholarship resources
General scholarships
Père Marquette Award
(automatic consideration, no application required)
Marquette Alumni Club Scholarships
(for students attending high school in an assigned alumni club territory)
Michael R. Lovell Presidential Scholarship
(full scholarship, additional application required)
ROTC Scholarship Enhancements
National Merit Scholarship
(for all students who become National Merit Scholars)
Scholars programs
University Honors Program
Pre-dental Scholars Program
Pre-law Scholars Program
Les Aspin Scholars Program
Wisconsin-based
Wisconsin Academic Excellence Awards
(for Wisconsin valedictorians and other students as permitted under Wisconsin state law)
Burke Scholars Program
(for Wisconsin high school seniors who exhibit leadership, have demonstrated exceptional commitment to community and aspire to pursue careers that benefit the public good)
Wisconsin Hometown Dean's Scholarships
Milwaukee-based
Urban Scholars Program
(for high school seniors from the Milwaukee area)
High school specific
Ann Kenny Carr Cristo Rey Scholarship
(for Cristo Rey-Pilsen students and students of other Cristo Rey high schools)
Marquette Experience Pathway Scholarship
(for Marquette University High School students)
Monroe Scholarship
(for Marquette University High School students)
Stollenwerk Scholarship
(for Marquette University High School students)
Ketterer Scholarship
(for graduates of Wisconsin Catholic high schools)
Do Great Things Scholarship
(for Green Bay West High School students)
College-based
Opus Scholars Program
(for Opus College of Engineering students)
Herdrich Endowed Scholarship
(for Opus College of Engineering students)
Diederich Scholarship
(for Diederich College of Communication students)
Guido Brink Scholarship
(for Diederich College of Communication students, specifically theatre majors)
James Foley Scholarship
(for Diederich College of Communication students)
All-In Marquette College Completion Scholarship
(for students who are admitted to the College of Nursing and have applied to All-in Milwaukee program)
International
Global Scholars
– Full Tuition (for international students)
Transfer
Scholarships available for students transferring from 2-year and 4-year institutions
FACHEX and Tuition Exchange Programs
For Employee children of other universities/colleges
Marquette FACHEX and Tuition Exchange Programs Procedure and Timeline
For Marquette University employee children
Program Details and Certification Request Form
Other scholarship resources
Private scholarships
Fastweb Scholarship Search
Lasting value.
Lifetime values.
Marquette is consistently recognized as a best value in national media such as
U.S. News & World Report
and
The Princeton Review
. But there’s more to a Marquette education beyond a great return on your investment. As a
Catholic, Jesuit university
, we measure success in the hearts and minds of our students, seeking to engage in them a mindset that looks beyond themselves and toward the benefit of others. Men and women for and with others, as we say in our mission, who go into the world ready to Be The Difference.
Why choose marquette?