URL: https://www.marquette.edu/visit
TITLE: Visit Marquette // Marquette University

Get ready for a
warm welcome.
Schedule a campus visit or tour
Undergraduate student tour
Graduate student visit
Law student visit
Dental student visit
Self-guided or general tour
Marquette + Milwaukee. Together since 1881.
Our home is Milwaukee, Wisconsin, a large Midwestern city on the shores of Lake Michigan, just a 90-minute drive north of Chicago. The lakefront is a short walk from campus and boasts a renowned art museum, the Summerfest grounds, parks and popular beaches.
For more about Milwaukee, including places to visit and things to do, connect with our friends at
Visit Milwaukee
. For links to discounted hotels near campus, check out our
Milwaukee hotels page
.
If you are heading to campus,
here is where to park
and tips about parking near specific campus locations.
Take a tour with Anya and Zach
Follow two of our talented tour guides, Anya and Zach, across campus and the city as they share highlights of Marquette and Milwaukee.
What people are saying about Milwaukee
“Best of the World”
National Geographic, 2023
“Best cities for college students and graduates”
Forbes, 2024
Come for Discovery Days.
Discovery Days are weekend campus visit events in the fall for prospective undergraduate students and their families designed to allow families to explore campus and get to know faculty, students and campus leaders. There are also presentations on specialized topics such as financial aid and student life, and sessions for each of Marquette’s undergraduate colleges.
Discovery days schedule
Take a virtual tour
Take a virtual tour of Marquette University's campus.
Explore videos and virtual resources
Take a virtual tour of Marquette Law School.
Tour the law school
Take a tour of Marquette University School of Dentistry.
Tour the school of dentistry
Get the campus map.
Sometimes map applications can’t keep up with changes on campus, so we recommend keeping a copy of our official campus map handy.
Campus Maps Download PDF
St. Joan of Arc Chapel
In the heart of Marquette’s campus is St. Joan of Arc Chapel, a small stone chapel built in the Gothic style of medieval France. Surrounded by tulips and plantings on Marquette’s Central Mall, the chapel has a storied history and has become an iconic structure on campus since it was moved to Marquette and opened in 1966. The chapel hosts regular Masses and is popular with members of the Marquette community.
Haggerty Museum of Art
Marquette’s on-campus art museum, the Haggerty boasts a diverse collection with holdings ranging from Old Masters to modern and contemporary artists. A teaching museum, the Haggerty enhances the undergraduate experience by engaging students through the lenses of the visual arts. The Haggerty is open to the public and offers programming for local educators and their students.
Visit the haggerty
©