URL: https://www.bryant.edu/undergraduate/academics/general-education-curriculum
TITLE: General Education Curriculum | Bryant University

Make Your Deposit: Deadline May 1
Vision 2030
Vision 2030, our strategic plan, is evolving the Bryant experience.
Learn How
About Bryant
At a Glance
Mission and History
Leadership and Faculty
Institutional Effectiveness and Strategy
Initiatives
AI at Bryant
Centers and Institutes
Global Advisory Council
Sustainability at Bryant
Wellbeing at Bryant
Connect
Partnering With Bryant
Smithfield Resources
Working at Bryant
Contact Us
Why Bryant
We transform students into leaders with the drive, vision, and experience to leave a legacy.
Learn How
Career Outcomes
Students achieve exceptional outcomes through career planning and the Amica Center for Career Education.
Explore Your Path
Our unique major-minor combination is a strength that leads to endless career possibilities.
Explore Your Path
Campus Life
Bryant’s vibrant community is a transformative place to live and learn.
Explore Campus Life
Clubs and Organizations
With over 100 student-run clubs, Bryant has something for everyone.
Athletics
Experience the competitive Bryant spirit firsthand through our athletic programs.
Our Campus
Residential Life
Student Support Services
Belonging and Wellbeing at Bryant
New Student Programs
Women’s Leadership at Bryant
Campus Map
Smithfield, RI, and Beyond
Academics
Discover your passions through Bryant’s interdisciplinary education.
Academics Overview
Experiential Learning
Experiential education is at the core of your Bryant experience.
Learn More
Colleges and Schools
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Business
School of Health and Behavioral Sciences
Learning at Bryant
Explore our labs, faculty, and academic programs.
Academic Departments
Academic Labs
General Education Curriculum
Honors Program
Our Faculty
View Our Programs
Admission
Take your first step toward becoming a Bryant Bulldog.
Learn More
Application Info
How to Apply
Tuition and Financial Aid
First-Year Students
International Students
Transfer Students
Admitted Students
Admitted Class Profile
Take Action
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Info
Take Our Virtual Tour
Important Dates
Fri, May 01
Deposit Deadline
Academics
Our graduate programs offer an interdisciplinary education that prepares students for impactful careers.
Learn More
Our Faculty
Our dedicated faculty members offer both industry expertise and personalized mentorship.
Meet Our Faculty
Our Programs
Explore our nationally recognized graduate programs.
All Programs
MBAs
Online
Certificates
Admission
Advance your career through one of our nationally recognized programs.
Learn More
Application Info
Tuition and Financial Aid
International Students
Important Dates
Take Action
Apply Now
Request Info
Contact Us
Graduate Blog
Important Dates
Mon, Apr 20
Online Programs: Summer 2026 Deadline Extended
Wed, Jul 15
On Campus Programs: Spring 2027 Priority Deadline
View All Deadlines
Self-Paced
Learn anytime, anywhere with flexible self-paced courses.
Instructor Led
Expert-led courses offer structure, support, and results.
Multiple Options
Choose the program format that works best for you.
Contact an Advisor
Need some advice on next steps? Connect with a Bryant Course Advisor to help.
Contact an Advisor
View all Certificates
General Education Curriculum
Adapting to college. Choosing a course of study.
Preparing for your career. Finding your purpose. These are transformational events for our Bulldogs as they transition into life at Bryant and beyond. Through our holistic general education program, known as the
Impact Core
, we take a unique approach to the standard requirements by embedding the
17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
into the curriculum. This program differentiator helps our students make sense of their place in the world — and find their path to success within it.
Empowering Ethical Leaders
Designed as a cohesive program rather than a series of disconnected courses, the Impact Core uses the framework of social impact to bring the curriculum together, centering around the SDGs to help you understand how you fit within a global society. You’ll be introduced to the complex challenges impacting our world today — such as barriers to economic stability or how to promote sustainability and address climate change — and build problem-solving and leadership skills to create positive change.
Purposeful and Engaging Curriculum
Every course in the Impact Core is intended to help you develop critical skills and prepare for life after Bryant. In your first year, you’ll take classes to support your transition into the college environment, explore areas of study, and even begin planning for your future career. You’ll also take a combination of required courses and approved electives across the liberal arts, sciences, and business, giving you the flexibility to discover new interests or start your major requirements earlier in your studies. The program culminates with a capstone course where you’ll collaborate with a community partner to address a real-world problem.
Through this solid educational foundation, you’ll leave Bryant ready to excel as an ethically engaged leader and changemaker — no matter what career path you take.
Course Highlights
The Impact Core is about more than just meeting the standard requirements. Our curriculum includes signature courses to help you adapt to life at college, prepare for your future career, and better understand our impact on society.
Sample Courses:
GEN 100: Student Success at Bryant
Learn about the skills and strategies you need to thrive throughout your college experience, such as adaptability, accountability, and resiliency, and work on cultivating habits that lead to lifelong success. You’ll also develop a deeper understanding of belonging and well-being within the Bryant community.
Learn about the skills and strategies you need to thrive throughout your college experience, such as adaptability, accountability, and resiliency, and work on cultivating habits that lead to lifelong success. You’ll also develop a deeper understanding of belonging and well-being within the Bryant community.
IDEA 101: Bryant IDEA (Innovation and Design Experience for All)
Every January, first-year students return to campus for a 72-hour immersive experience to learn about the innovation process and how to cultivate new ideas through design thinking and teamwork. You’ll collaborate in groups to solve a real-word problem and present your creative solution to the Bryant community.
Every January, first-year students return to campus for a 72-hour immersive experience to learn about the innovation process and how to cultivate new ideas through design thinking and teamwork. You’ll collaborate in groups to solve a real-word problem and present your creative solution to the Bryant community.
GEN 103: Career Launch
Explore and participate in the career development process during your very first year. This course will help you solidify your career interests as you map out your course of study and teach you practical career planning tools and strategies.
Explore and participate in the career development process during your very first year. This course will help you solidify your career interests as you map out your course of study and teach you practical career planning tools and strategies.
GEN 201: Intercultural Communication
Examine the nuances of communication in both domestic and international intercultural settings and learn more about the influence that culture has on sending and interpreting messages. This course will help you better understand and communicate with people from diverse backgrounds in everyday situations and within workplace settings.
Examine the nuances of communication in both domestic and international intercultural settings and learn more about the influence that culture has on sending and interpreting messages. This course will help you better understand and communicate with people from diverse backgrounds in everyday situations and within workplace settings.
GEN 390: General Education Capstone
In this experiential course, you’ll collaborate with a community partner to tackle a real-world problem using the skills, innovation principles, and understanding of the SDGs from across the Impact Core curriculum.
In this experiential course, you’ll collaborate with a community partner to tackle a real-world problem using the skills, innovation principles, and understanding of the SDGs from across the Impact Core curriculum.
UN Sustainable Development Goals
Our curriculum was developed through the lens of the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, highlighting the many challenges facing our society and how to address these challenges. Every course in the Impact Core engages with at least one SDG, while the full curriculum gives students the opportunity to view all the SDGs through a wide range of viewpoints.
Learn About the SDGs
Impact Core Curriculum
The Impact Core includes both mandatory courses as well as a variety of social science, science and laboratory, history, and literary and cultural studies course options to match your interests. Many courses also count toward major and minor requirements.
View the Course Catalog
Experiential Learning
From the IDEA program to capstone courses, experiential learning is a critical component of your entire academic experience. Participate in competitions, work with local businesses, and collaborate with your peers to solve real problems.
Explore Experiential Learning
Career Planning and Development
The first-year “Career Launch” course is just the beginning. Professional development and advanced career planning are woven throughout your entire student journey — so you’ll be well-equipped for life after graduation.
View Career Outcomes
Our Colleges and Schools
College of Business
College of Arts and Sciences
School of Health and Behavioral Sciences