URL: https://www.bryant.edu/undergraduate/undergraduate-admission/tuition-and-financial-aid
TITLE: Tuition and Financial Aid | Bryant University

Make Your Deposit: Deadline May 1
Vision 2030
Vision 2030, our strategic plan, is evolving the Bryant experience.
Learn How
About Bryant
At a Glance
Mission and History
Leadership and Faculty
Institutional Effectiveness and Strategy
Initiatives
AI at Bryant
Centers and Institutes
Global Advisory Council
Sustainability at Bryant
Wellbeing at Bryant
Connect
Partnering With Bryant
Smithfield Resources
Working at Bryant
Contact Us
Why Bryant
We transform students into leaders with the drive, vision, and experience to leave a legacy.
Learn How
Career Outcomes
Students achieve exceptional outcomes through career planning and the Amica Center for Career Education.
Explore Your Path
Our unique major-minor combination is a strength that leads to endless career possibilities.
Explore Your Path
Campus Life
Bryant’s vibrant community is a transformative place to live and learn.
Explore Campus Life
Clubs and Organizations
With over 100 student-run clubs, Bryant has something for everyone.
Athletics
Experience the competitive Bryant spirit firsthand through our athletic programs.
Our Campus
Residential Life
Student Support Services
Belonging and Wellbeing at Bryant
New Student Programs
Women’s Leadership at Bryant
Campus Map
Smithfield, RI, and Beyond
Academics
Discover your passions through Bryant’s interdisciplinary education.
Academics Overview
Experiential Learning
Experiential education is at the core of your Bryant experience.
Learn More
Colleges and Schools
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Business
School of Health and Behavioral Sciences
Learning at Bryant
Explore our labs, faculty, and academic programs.
Academic Departments
Academic Labs
General Education Curriculum
Honors Program
Our Faculty
View Our Programs
Admission
Take your first step toward becoming a Bryant Bulldog.
Learn More
Application Info
How to Apply
Tuition and Financial Aid
First-Year Students
International Students
Transfer Students
Admitted Students
Admitted Class Profile
Take Action
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Info
Take Our Virtual Tour
Important Dates
Fri, May 01
Deposit Deadline
Academics
Our graduate programs offer an interdisciplinary education that prepares students for impactful careers.
Learn More
Our Faculty
Our dedicated faculty members offer both industry expertise and personalized mentorship.
Meet Our Faculty
Our Programs
Explore our nationally recognized graduate programs.
All Programs
MBAs
Online
Certificates
Admission
Advance your career through one of our nationally recognized programs.
Learn More
Application Info
Tuition and Financial Aid
International Students
Important Dates
Take Action
Apply Now
Request Info
Contact Us
Graduate Blog
Important Dates
Mon, Apr 20
Online Programs: Summer 2026 Deadline Extended
Wed, Jul 15
On Campus Programs: Spring 2027 Priority Deadline
View All Deadlines
Self-Paced
Learn anytime, anywhere with flexible self-paced courses.
Instructor Led
Expert-led courses offer structure, support, and results.
Multiple Options
Choose the program format that works best for you.
Contact an Advisor
Need some advice on next steps? Connect with a Bryant Course Advisor to help.
Contact an Advisor
View all Certificates
Tuition and Financial Aid
A Bryant education is nationally recognized as one of the best values in the country. Whatever your situation, financial aid can help bridge the gap between you and your vision.
Talk to Financial Aid
Paving the Path
Our financial aid counselors know that your education is one of the biggest investments you’ll ever make — and a Bryant education is one of the wisest. They’re trained to work with your resources and your family to create a solution to fund your college experience. If we believe that you would thrive on our campus, we’ll do as much as we can to ensure that you can attend.
It’s free to fill out a FAFSA form and find out if you are eligible for financial aid, so never assume that you are not qualified. Your package may include a mix of scholarships and grants, which don’t have to be paid back; loans, which do; and work-study on campus.
Making a Bryant Education Accessible
We are dedicated to ensuring education is accessible to all. Every applicant will be considered for admission regardless of their financial circumstances.
97
%
of students received financial aid
2023-24 academic year
$
77K
median starting salary of Bryant graduates
Class of 2025
$
29.9M
in grants and scholarships awarded
2023-24 academic year
Tuition and Fees
Understand the cost of attendance and exactly what you are paying for. At Bryant, for instance, incoming full-time students receive a state-of-the-art laptop as part of their tuition — theirs to keep upon graduation. Your fees cover health services, access to athletic and wellness facilities, and more.
Tuition and Fees
Talk to Financial Aid
Researching your financial aid options can feel overwhelming, but it doesn’t have to be. Reach out and let us help answer your questions.
Contact Us
Financial Aid Options
Bryant offers incoming students a range of financial aid options, including scholarships, grants, work-study, and loans.
Scholarships and Grants
This year, we’ll disburse about $29.9 million in grants and merit scholarships to incoming students.
Loans
Learn the ins and outs of Stafford and Federal Direct Parent PLUS loans.
Work-Study
Many students receive federal work-study, meaning they work part time on campus to help pay for their education.
Calculating Your Need
Don’t assume you’re ineligible for financial aid. Rules and eligibility change yearly, so you might find it worth your time to apply.
Take Action
Visit
Get a firsthand look at life as a Bryant student.
Register
Virtual Tour
Apply
Find everything you need to guide you through the admission process.
Apply Now
Request Info