URL: https://www.bryant.edu/undergraduate/academics/academic-labs
TITLE: Academic Labs | Bryant University

Make Your Deposit: Deadline May 1
Vision 2030
Vision 2030, our strategic plan, is evolving the Bryant experience.
Learn How
About Bryant
At a Glance
Mission and History
Leadership and Faculty
Institutional Effectiveness and Strategy
Initiatives
AI at Bryant
Centers and Institutes
Global Advisory Council
Sustainability at Bryant
Wellbeing at Bryant
Connect
Partnering With Bryant
Smithfield Resources
Working at Bryant
Contact Us
Why Bryant
We transform students into leaders with the drive, vision, and experience to leave a legacy.
Learn How
Career Outcomes
Students achieve exceptional outcomes through career planning and the Amica Center for Career Education.
Explore Your Path
Our unique major-minor combination is a strength that leads to endless career possibilities.
Explore Your Path
Campus Life
Bryant’s vibrant community is a transformative place to live and learn.
Explore Campus Life
Clubs and Organizations
With over 100 student-run clubs, Bryant has something for everyone.
Athletics
Experience the competitive Bryant spirit firsthand through our athletic programs.
Our Campus
Residential Life
Student Support Services
Belonging and Wellbeing at Bryant
New Student Programs
Women’s Leadership at Bryant
Campus Map
Smithfield, RI, and Beyond
Academics
Discover your passions through Bryant’s interdisciplinary education.
Academics Overview
Experiential Learning
Experiential education is at the core of your Bryant experience.
Learn More
Colleges and Schools
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Business
School of Health and Behavioral Sciences
Learning at Bryant
Explore our labs, faculty, and academic programs.
Academic Departments
Academic Labs
General Education Curriculum
Honors Program
Our Faculty
View Our Programs
Admission
Take your first step toward becoming a Bryant Bulldog.
Learn More
Application Info
How to Apply
Tuition and Financial Aid
First-Year Students
International Students
Transfer Students
Admitted Students
Admitted Class Profile
Take Action
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Info
Take Our Virtual Tour
Important Dates
Fri, May 01
Deposit Deadline
Academics
Our graduate programs offer an interdisciplinary education that prepares students for impactful careers.
Learn More
Our Faculty
Our dedicated faculty members offer both industry expertise and personalized mentorship.
Meet Our Faculty
Our Programs
Explore our nationally recognized graduate programs.
All Programs
MBAs
Online
Certificates
Admission
Advance your career through one of our nationally recognized programs.
Learn More
Application Info
Tuition and Financial Aid
International Students
Important Dates
Take Action
Apply Now
Request Info
Contact Us
Graduate Blog
Important Dates
Mon, Apr 20
Online Programs: Summer 2026 Deadline Extended
Wed, Jul 15
On Campus Programs: Spring 2027 Priority Deadline
View All Deadlines
Self-Paced
Learn anytime, anywhere with flexible self-paced courses.
Instructor Led
Expert-led courses offer structure, support, and results.
Multiple Options
Choose the program format that works best for you.
Contact an Advisor
Need some advice on next steps? Connect with a Bryant Course Advisor to help.
Contact an Advisor
View all Certificates
Academic Labs
Bryant University’s state-of-the-art academic labs immerse students in hands-on experiences and advanced resources that enhance their learning and prepare them for bold futures.
Labs
Frank ’81 and Marion ’81 Hauck Sales Performance Lab
The Hauck Sales Performance Lab serves as the hub for sales initiatives at Bryant University, dedicated to advancing the sales profession through leadership, innovation, and technology.
Artificial Intelligence Lab
Bryant’s Artificial Intelligence Lab is a hub for students and faculty to collaborate and explore the power of AI in business.
Data Science Lab
Through Bryant’s Data Science Lab, students gain hands-on experience with the tools and applications used by professionals and work with real datasets generated by industry partners.
Data Visualization Lab
In Bryant’s Data Visualization Lab, students gain practical experience with the technology, tools, and applications used by data science and analytics professionals.
Digital Marketing Lab
Bryant University’s Digital Marketing Lab equips students with the skills and experience they need to thrive in the ever-evolving digital marketing industry.
Exercise and Movement Science Lab
The Exercise and Movement Science Laboratory is a 7,800-square-foot, state-of-the-art facility that provides students with contemporary, high-tech equipment to collect human physiological and biomechanical data.
Financial Markets Center
The financial markets center is a true experiential learning laboratory for students interested in careers in the finance industry.
Global Supply Chain Lab
Bryant's Global Supply Chain Lab is a centralized classroom, meeting location, and student resource center.
Marketing Behavioral Research Lab
The Marketing Behavioral Research Lab is a dynamic hub for innovative research and a cornerstone of Bryant University’s research infrastructure.