URL: https://www.bryant.edu/undergraduate/undergraduate-admission/tuition-and-financial-aid/loans
TITLE: Loans | Bryant University

Make Your Deposit: Deadline May 1
Vision 2030
Vision 2030, our strategic plan, is evolving the Bryant experience.
Learn How
About Bryant
At a Glance
Mission and History
Leadership and Faculty
Institutional Effectiveness and Strategy
Initiatives
AI at Bryant
Centers and Institutes
Global Advisory Council
Sustainability at Bryant
Wellbeing at Bryant
Connect
Partnering With Bryant
Smithfield Resources
Working at Bryant
Contact Us
Why Bryant
We transform students into leaders with the drive, vision, and experience to leave a legacy.
Learn How
Career Outcomes
Students achieve exceptional outcomes through career planning and the Amica Center for Career Education.
Explore Your Path
Our unique major-minor combination is a strength that leads to endless career possibilities.
Explore Your Path
Campus Life
Bryant’s vibrant community is a transformative place to live and learn.
Explore Campus Life
Clubs and Organizations
With over 100 student-run clubs, Bryant has something for everyone.
Athletics
Experience the competitive Bryant spirit firsthand through our athletic programs.
Our Campus
Residential Life
Student Support Services
Belonging and Wellbeing at Bryant
New Student Programs
Women’s Leadership at Bryant
Campus Map
Smithfield, RI, and Beyond
Academics
Discover your passions through Bryant’s interdisciplinary education.
Academics Overview
Experiential Learning
Experiential education is at the core of your Bryant experience.
Learn More
Colleges and Schools
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Business
School of Health and Behavioral Sciences
Learning at Bryant
Explore our labs, faculty, and academic programs.
Academic Departments
Academic Labs
General Education Curriculum
Honors Program
Our Faculty
View Our Programs
Admission
Take your first step toward becoming a Bryant Bulldog.
Learn More
Application Info
How to Apply
Tuition and Financial Aid
First-Year Students
International Students
Transfer Students
Admitted Students
Admitted Class Profile
Take Action
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Info
Take Our Virtual Tour
Important Dates
Fri, May 01
Deposit Deadline
Academics
Our graduate programs offer an interdisciplinary education that prepares students for impactful careers.
Learn More
Our Faculty
Our dedicated faculty members offer both industry expertise and personalized mentorship.
Meet Our Faculty
Our Programs
Explore our nationally recognized graduate programs.
All Programs
MBAs
Online
Certificates
Admission
Advance your career through one of our nationally recognized programs.
Learn More
Application Info
Tuition and Financial Aid
International Students
Important Dates
Take Action
Apply Now
Request Info
Contact Us
Graduate Blog
Important Dates
Mon, Apr 20
Online Programs: Summer 2026 Deadline Extended
Wed, Jul 15
On Campus Programs: Spring 2027 Priority Deadline
View All Deadlines
Self-Paced
Learn anytime, anywhere with flexible self-paced courses.
Instructor Led
Expert-led courses offer structure, support, and results.
Multiple Options
Choose the program format that works best for you.
Contact an Advisor
Need some advice on next steps? Connect with a Bryant Course Advisor to help.
Contact an Advisor
View all Certificates
Education Loans
Learn about the Federal Direct Subsidized Loan and Federal Direct PLUS Loan.
Students who are eligible for federal student aid can generally qualify for the Federal Direct Stafford Loan.
William D. Ford Federal Direct Stafford Loan
(Subsidized and Unsubsidized)
The low-interest Federal Direct Subsidized Loan pays the accumulated interest while you are in school. Loan repayment of both the principal and interest begins six months after graduation, withdrawal from school, or dropping to less than half-time enrollment status.
If you are ineligible for need-based aid, you can borrow unsubsidized Federal Direct Loans. You are responsible for paying all the interest on the loan, which accrues during enrollment and continues through repayment.
The annual Federal Direct Loan limits (both subsidized and unsubsidized, combined) are:
$5,500 for the first year of undergraduate study.
$6,500 for the sophomore year.
$7,500 annually for subsequent undergraduate study.
The total undergraduate loan limit is $31,000.
The annual limit for graduate students is $20,500, depending on individual costs.
Are you a first-time borrower? You’ll need to complete a Master Promissory Note and online loan entrance counseling. The Office of Financial Aid will provide details.
Federal Direct Parent PLUS Loans
Bryant University participates in the Federal Direct Parent PLUS program. This fixed-rate government loan allows parents who are U.S. citizens, U.S. nationals, or permanent residents to borrow funds for their child’s undergraduate educational expenses. This program is available to parents of a dependent student who will require additional financing beyond the student’s Stafford Loan. Unlike the Stafford Loan, the parent is the borrower, not the student.
Your Questions Answered
Are my parents responsible for my education loans?
Your parents are only responsible for Federal Parent PLUS Loans and private loans they may have cosigned for you. Repayment of the William D. Ford Direct Stafford Loans are entirely your responsibility.
Your parents are only responsible for Federal Parent PLUS Loans and private loans they may have cosigned for you. Repayment of the William D. Ford Direct Stafford Loans are entirely your responsibility.
What types of loans are available to me beyond a federal Stafford Loan?
All education loans will generally require a parent borrower or creditworthy cosigner.
All education loans will generally require a parent borrower or creditworthy cosigner.
Where can I find detailed information pertaining to repaying my student loans?
A wealth of information is available on the
federal student aid website
. This informative government site covers virtually all aspects of federal student loans, from application to repayment.
A wealth of information is available on the
federal student aid website
. This informative government site covers virtually all aspects of federal student loans, from application to repayment.
When do I have to begin repaying my loans?
Although there is some variation, most education loans will not require repayment until after you graduate or are no longer enrolled in a degree program. For example, federal student loans allow for a grace period (six months for Stafford Loans) after graduation during which payment is not required. However, although the government pays interest accrued on subsidized Stafford Loans during the grace period, interest accrues on unsubsidized Stafford Loans during that time. Most private education loans will require repayment to begin after graduation and do not offer a grace period.
Although there is some variation, most education loans will not require repayment until after you graduate or are no longer enrolled in a degree program. For example, federal student loans allow for a grace period (six months for Stafford Loans) after graduation during which payment is not required. However, although the government pays interest accrued on subsidized Stafford Loans during the grace period, interest accrues on unsubsidized Stafford Loans during that time. Most private education loans will require repayment to begin after graduation and do not offer a grace period.
Take Action
Visit
Get a firsthand look at life as a Bryant student.
Register
Virtual Tour
Apply
Find everything you need to guide you through the admission process.
Apply
Request Info