URL: https://www.bryant.edu/undergraduate/campus-life/smithfield-ri-and-beyond
TITLE: Smithfield, R.I., and Beyond | Bryant University

Make Your Deposit: Deadline May 1
Vision 2030
Vision 2030, our strategic plan, is evolving the Bryant experience.
Learn How
About Bryant
At a Glance
Mission and History
Leadership and Faculty
Institutional Effectiveness and Strategy
Initiatives
AI at Bryant
Centers and Institutes
Global Advisory Council
Sustainability at Bryant
Wellbeing at Bryant
Connect
Partnering With Bryant
Smithfield Resources
Working at Bryant
Contact Us
Why Bryant
We transform students into leaders with the drive, vision, and experience to leave a legacy.
Learn How
Career Outcomes
Students achieve exceptional outcomes through career planning and the Amica Center for Career Education.
Explore Your Path
Our unique major-minor combination is a strength that leads to endless career possibilities.
Explore Your Path
Campus Life
Bryant’s vibrant community is a transformative place to live and learn.
Explore Campus Life
Clubs and Organizations
With over 100 student-run clubs, Bryant has something for everyone.
Athletics
Experience the competitive Bryant spirit firsthand through our athletic programs.
Our Campus
Residential Life
Student Support Services
Belonging and Wellbeing at Bryant
New Student Programs
Women’s Leadership at Bryant
Campus Map
Smithfield, RI, and Beyond
Academics
Discover your passions through Bryant’s interdisciplinary education.
Academics Overview
Experiential Learning
Experiential education is at the core of your Bryant experience.
Learn More
Colleges and Schools
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Business
School of Health and Behavioral Sciences
Learning at Bryant
Explore our labs, faculty, and academic programs.
Academic Departments
Academic Labs
General Education Curriculum
Honors Program
Our Faculty
View Our Programs
Admission
Take your first step toward becoming a Bryant Bulldog.
Learn More
Application Info
How to Apply
Tuition and Financial Aid
First-Year Students
International Students
Transfer Students
Admitted Students
Admitted Class Profile
Take Action
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Info
Take Our Virtual Tour
Important Dates
Fri, May 01
Deposit Deadline
Academics
Our graduate programs offer an interdisciplinary education that prepares students for impactful careers.
Learn More
Our Faculty
Our dedicated faculty members offer both industry expertise and personalized mentorship.
Meet Our Faculty
Our Programs
Explore our nationally recognized graduate programs.
All Programs
MBAs
Online
Certificates
Admission
Advance your career through one of our nationally recognized programs.
Learn More
Application Info
Tuition and Financial Aid
International Students
Important Dates
Take Action
Apply Now
Request Info
Contact Us
Graduate Blog
Important Dates
Mon, Apr 20
Online Programs: Summer 2026 Deadline Extended
Wed, Jul 15
On Campus Programs: Spring 2027 Priority Deadline
View All Deadlines
Self-Paced
Learn anytime, anywhere with flexible self-paced courses.
Instructor Led
Expert-led courses offer structure, support, and results.
Multiple Options
Choose the program format that works best for you.
Contact an Advisor
Need some advice on next steps? Connect with a Bryant Course Advisor to help.
Contact an Advisor
View all Certificates
Smithfield, R.I., and Beyond
Discover everything the Ocean State offers while enjoying easy access to iconic destinations like Boston and New York City. Located in the heart of New England, Bryant University is perfectly positioned for students to explore the picturesque sights of Newport, the thriving cultural scene of Providence, and the historical richness of Boston.
Our Campus
Our campus is located in Smithfield thanks to the founder of Tupperware — Earl Silas Tupper. When we outgrew our location in downtown Providence, Tupper donated 435 acres of land that became our home in Smithfield. In the fall of 2024, our campus expanded with the opening of the Business Leadership Entrepreneurship Center, a 250,000-square-foot building gifted to Bryant by Fidelity Investments.
With peaceful groves, gently rolling lawns, cutting-edge facilities, and a history of innovation, Bryant has become a cornerstone of the local community. Our athletic events, cultural performances, and many of our symposia with visiting scholars are open to the public. In 2022, Safewise ranked Smithfield No. 14 on its list of
“The 50 Safest College Towns in America.”
Bryant’s campus offers everything students need to thrive. From the convenience of a local RIPTA bus to nearby shops, parks, and restaurants, Smithfield is the perfect place to call home during your college journey.
Plan a Visit
Providence
We’re just a 15-minute drive away from Providence, our vibrant state capital with some of the nation’s top chefs and outstanding cultural events. Don’t miss your chance to visit Providence’s museums and galleries, attend festivals and concerts, and explore the superb culinary scene.
Visit Providence
Rhode Island
Despite being located in the smallest state, there’s plenty to discover across Rhode Island. We’re just a 45-minute car ride from Newport, the city by the sea, and home to awe-inspiring mansions that still stand from the Gilded Age of the 1800s. Throughout the state you’ll find beautiful coastal cities and beaches, scenic walking trails, and some of the best seafood in the country.
Visit Rhode Island
Boston
Boston, the historical seat of our nation, is a 50-minute drive from campus. Cheer for (or against) the Red Sox at Fenway Park, explore the many shops and restaurants, or discover the city’s patriotic roots by walking the Freedom Trail.
Meet Boston
New York City
Hop on a train in Providence, and in just three hours you can be in New York City. Every student should experience this bustling mecca at least once, whether you’re exploring career resources and opportunities or seeing Times Square in person.
I Love New York