URL: https://www.bryant.edu/undergraduate/undergraduate-admission/tuition-and-financial-aid/scholarships-and-grants
TITLE: Scholarships and Grants | Bryant University

Make Your Deposit: Deadline May 1
Vision 2030
Vision 2030, our strategic plan, is evolving the Bryant experience.
Learn How
About Bryant
At a Glance
Mission and History
Leadership and Faculty
Institutional Effectiveness and Strategy
Initiatives
AI at Bryant
Centers and Institutes
Global Advisory Council
Sustainability at Bryant
Wellbeing at Bryant
Connect
Partnering With Bryant
Smithfield Resources
Working at Bryant
Contact Us
Why Bryant
We transform students into leaders with the drive, vision, and experience to leave a legacy.
Learn How
Career Outcomes
Students achieve exceptional outcomes through career planning and the Amica Center for Career Education.
Explore Your Path
Our unique major-minor combination is a strength that leads to endless career possibilities.
Explore Your Path
Campus Life
Bryant’s vibrant community is a transformative place to live and learn.
Explore Campus Life
Clubs and Organizations
With over 100 student-run clubs, Bryant has something for everyone.
Athletics
Experience the competitive Bryant spirit firsthand through our athletic programs.
Our Campus
Residential Life
Student Support Services
Belonging and Wellbeing at Bryant
New Student Programs
Women’s Leadership at Bryant
Campus Map
Smithfield, RI, and Beyond
Academics
Discover your passions through Bryant’s interdisciplinary education.
Academics Overview
Experiential Learning
Experiential education is at the core of your Bryant experience.
Learn More
Colleges and Schools
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Business
School of Health and Behavioral Sciences
Learning at Bryant
Explore our labs, faculty, and academic programs.
Academic Departments
Academic Labs
General Education Curriculum
Honors Program
Our Faculty
View Our Programs
Admission
Take your first step toward becoming a Bryant Bulldog.
Learn More
Application Info
How to Apply
Tuition and Financial Aid
First-Year Students
International Students
Transfer Students
Admitted Students
Admitted Class Profile
Take Action
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Info
Take Our Virtual Tour
Important Dates
Fri, May 01
Deposit Deadline
Academics
Our graduate programs offer an interdisciplinary education that prepares students for impactful careers.
Learn More
Our Faculty
Our dedicated faculty members offer both industry expertise and personalized mentorship.
Meet Our Faculty
Our Programs
Explore our nationally recognized graduate programs.
All Programs
MBAs
Online
Certificates
Admission
Advance your career through one of our nationally recognized programs.
Learn More
Application Info
Tuition and Financial Aid
International Students
Important Dates
Take Action
Apply Now
Request Info
Contact Us
Graduate Blog
Important Dates
Mon, Apr 20
Online Programs: Summer 2026 Deadline Extended
Wed, Jul 15
On Campus Programs: Spring 2027 Priority Deadline
View All Deadlines
Self-Paced
Learn anytime, anywhere with flexible self-paced courses.
Instructor Led
Expert-led courses offer structure, support, and results.
Multiple Options
Choose the program format that works best for you.
Contact an Advisor
Need some advice on next steps? Connect with a Bryant Course Advisor to help.
Contact an Advisor
View all Certificates
Scholarships and Grants
Bryant will offer incoming students roughly $29.9 million in grants and merit scholarships in the upcoming year. Many Bryant students receive some form of grant, scholarship, work-study, and/or loan assistance. Federal Pell grants are also available to eligible students.
Focus on Scholarships
All new students are considered for academic scholarships at Bryant as part of the admission application process. You do not need to apply for financial aid to be considered. Scholarships range from $12,500 to $40,000 per year.
First-Time Incoming Student Academic Scholarships
Bryant University offers a range of scholarships to outstanding applicants. We consider your high school grade point average, SAT performance (if you submitted it), high school class rank, leadership and participation, etc. Scholarships are renewable for up to four consecutive years (eight semesters) of full-time undergraduate study at Bryant if you maintain academic requirements. Academic scholarships are awarded at the time of admission.
Special Programs
Athletic Scholarships:
Contact Athletics at (401) 232-6070 for further information.
Family Discount:
When two or more siblings from the same family are simultaneously enrolled as full-time traditional undergraduates, the second student receives a tuition discount of 10% from the university, if both continue to be enrolled. Contact the Office of Financial Aid to apply.
Smithfield Scholarship:
One full-tuition scholarship is awarded yearly to the top-ranked (using weighted rank) Smithfield High School graduate in the top 10% of their class and has been admitted to Bryant. This scholarship is renewable for four consecutive years of full-time study if the student maintains the designated GPA.
Focus on Grants
Grants are awarded primarily to full-time undergraduate students who demonstrate the need for financial assistance. Grants do not require repayment. Continued eligibility is based on an annual review of information submitted to the FAFSA each year. Like all need-based awards, Bryant University grants may vary yearly based on FAFSA information.
Federal Pell Grant
Federal Pell Grants are available for students with a Student Aid Index (SAI) within a range determined yearly by the U.S. Department of Education. At Bryant, most students eligible for Federal Pell Grants will also receive a Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant.
Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants
Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants (FSEOGs) are reserved for students with exceptional financial need. Federal Pell Grant recipients with the lowest SAIs will be considered first for FSEOGs. You must complete the FAFSA to apply for this grant.
Government and Private Programs
Army ROTC Scholarship Program
Government-funded Army Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (ROTC) scholarships are available competitively to qualified Bryant students. Each recipient receives the total value of tuition per year plus an annual book allowance, academic fees, and a monthly stipend from the ROTC command. Scholarships are available for two-, three-, and four-year terms. In return, scholarship winners enter a contract with the U.S. Army, agreeing to accept an Army commission as a second lieutenant.
The ROTC scholarship covers the direct cost of tuition. For ROTC scholarship recipients who also reside on campus, Bryant provides funding to cover the direct costs of room and board. If you would like information about the amount and conditions of this supplemental fund, you can contact the Office of Financial Aid at (401) 232-6020.
Army ROTC Tuition Assistance
Any qualified student who enters the Army ROTC Advanced Course and agrees to accept an Army commission as a second lieutenant receives a tax-free stipend for each school month during the Advanced Course. This stipend is unrelated to the Army ROTC Scholarship Program.
National Guard Tuition Assistance
Members of the National Guard may qualify for state-sponsored tuition assistance programs. They also may qualify for Army ROTC tuition assistance benefits under provisions of the Army ROTC Simultaneous Memberships Program. Contact your State Adjutant General’s Office or the Bryant University ROTC Office if interested.
Private Programs
Many private philanthropic organizations, foundations, and corporations can be significant resources for scholarships. Local sponsors of such programs include service organizations such as Rotary, Kiwanis, Lions Club, the American Legion, and parent-teacher groups. Your high school guidance office may have further details. Federal aid applicants must report the receipt of all such awards to Bryant’s Office of Financial Aid.
State Scholarship and Grant Programs
Many states offer financial assistance through grants, scholarships, work, or loans. Check with your state agency for details.
Your Questions Answered
Can first-time incoming students receive scholarships based solely on academic merit?
Yes! If you are applying to Bryant you do not need to submit any additional forms beyond your application in order to be considered for academic merit scholarships. Recipients are notified by the Office of Admission.
Yes! If you are applying to Bryant you do not need to submit any additional forms beyond your application in order to be considered for academic merit scholarships. Recipients are notified by the Office of Admission.
Are all Bryant academic scholarships renewable from one year to the next?
Yes, for up to four years (eight semesters), provided that you maintain full-time (at least 12 credits) enrollment status and a cumulative grade point average detailed on the scholarship letter you receive from the Office of Admission.
Yes, for up to four years (eight semesters), provided that you maintain full-time (at least 12 credits) enrollment status and a cumulative grade point average detailed on the scholarship letter you receive from the Office of Admission.
Can returning students receive academic scholarships for doing well while at Bryant?
All Bryant scholarships are awarded based on academic achievement prior to attending the university. Like most institutions, Bryant has no scholarship programs that provide financial rewards for doing well while in attendance.
All Bryant scholarships are awarded based on academic achievement prior to attending the university. Like most institutions, Bryant has no scholarship programs that provide financial rewards for doing well while in attendance.
Does the university award academic scholarships to transfer applicants?
Yes, Bryant offers a limited number of academic scholarships in this category.
Yes, Bryant offers a limited number of academic scholarships in this category.
Will privately funded scholarships from non-Bryant third parties affect my financial aid awards?
On very rare occasions, the receipt of these kinds of scholarships will require Bryant to make adjustments to your aid package. When possible, the Office of Financial Aid will make every effort to make these required adjustments to work-study or loan awards rather than to grants.
On very rare occasions, the receipt of these kinds of scholarships will require Bryant to make adjustments to your aid package. When possible, the Office of Financial Aid will make every effort to make these required adjustments to work-study or loan awards rather than to grants.
What scholarships or loans are available for international students?
International students are considered by the Office of Admission for academic scholarship awards when they submit their application to Bryant.
Additionally, a number of privately funded (non-government) education loans are available to international students who can secure a co-borrower who is a U.S. citizen.
International students are considered by the Office of Admission for academic scholarship awards when they submit their application to Bryant.
Additionally, a number of privately funded (non-government) education loans are available to international students who can secure a co-borrower who is a U.S. citizen.
What financial aid is available for part-time students?
If you are an undergraduate enrolled in two courses (six credits) per semester, you are considered a half-time student. If you meet the standard for need, you are eligible to seek Federal Pell Grants, Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants, and/or Federal Direct Loans. To be eligible for continued financial assistance, you must maintain the same minimum GPA as full-time students.
If you are an undergraduate enrolled in two courses (six credits) per semester, you are considered a half-time student. If you meet the standard for need, you are eligible to seek Federal Pell Grants, Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants, and/or Federal Direct Loans. To be eligible for continued financial assistance, you must maintain the same minimum GPA as full-time students.
Take Action
Visit
Get a firsthand look at life as a Bryant student.
Register
Virtual Tour
Apply
Find everything you need to guide you through the admission process.
Apply
Request Info