URL: https://www.bryant.edu/undergraduate/campus-life
TITLE: Campus Life | Bryant University

Make Your Deposit: Deadline May 1
Vision 2030
Vision 2030, our strategic plan, is evolving the Bryant experience.
Learn How
About Bryant
At a Glance
Mission and History
Leadership and Faculty
Institutional Effectiveness and Strategy
Initiatives
AI at Bryant
Centers and Institutes
Global Advisory Council
Sustainability at Bryant
Wellbeing at Bryant
Connect
Partnering With Bryant
Smithfield Resources
Working at Bryant
Contact Us
Why Bryant
We transform students into leaders with the drive, vision, and experience to leave a legacy.
Learn How
Career Outcomes
Students achieve exceptional outcomes through career planning and the Amica Center for Career Education.
Explore Your Path
Our unique major-minor combination is a strength that leads to endless career possibilities.
Explore Your Path
Campus Life
Bryant’s vibrant community is a transformative place to live and learn.
Explore Campus Life
Clubs and Organizations
With over 100 student-run clubs, Bryant has something for everyone.
Athletics
Experience the competitive Bryant spirit firsthand through our athletic programs.
Our Campus
Residential Life
Student Support Services
Belonging and Wellbeing at Bryant
New Student Programs
Women’s Leadership at Bryant
Campus Map
Smithfield, RI, and Beyond
Academics
Discover your passions through Bryant’s interdisciplinary education.
Academics Overview
Experiential Learning
Experiential education is at the core of your Bryant experience.
Learn More
Colleges and Schools
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Business
School of Health and Behavioral Sciences
Learning at Bryant
Explore our labs, faculty, and academic programs.
Academic Departments
Academic Labs
General Education Curriculum
Honors Program
Our Faculty
View Our Programs
Admission
Take your first step toward becoming a Bryant Bulldog.
Learn More
Application Info
How to Apply
Tuition and Financial Aid
First-Year Students
International Students
Transfer Students
Admitted Students
Admitted Class Profile
Take Action
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Info
Take Our Virtual Tour
Important Dates
Fri, May 01
Deposit Deadline
Academics
Our graduate programs offer an interdisciplinary education that prepares students for impactful careers.
Learn More
Our Faculty
Our dedicated faculty members offer both industry expertise and personalized mentorship.
Meet Our Faculty
Our Programs
Explore our nationally recognized graduate programs.
All Programs
MBAs
Online
Certificates
Admission
Advance your career through one of our nationally recognized programs.
Learn More
Application Info
Tuition and Financial Aid
International Students
Important Dates
Take Action
Apply Now
Request Info
Contact Us
Graduate Blog
Important Dates
Mon, Apr 20
Online Programs: Summer 2026 Deadline Extended
Wed, Jul 15
On Campus Programs: Spring 2027 Priority Deadline
View All Deadlines
Self-Paced
Learn anytime, anywhere with flexible self-paced courses.
Instructor Led
Expert-led courses offer structure, support, and results.
Multiple Options
Choose the program format that works best for you.
Contact an Advisor
Need some advice on next steps? Connect with a Bryant Course Advisor to help.
Contact an Advisor
View all Certificates
Campus Life
Bryant’s 465-acre campus in Smithfield, Rhode Island, is a transformative place to live and learn. From our persevering and collaborative community to our beautiful natural settings, you’ll experience the ideal environment to help you thrive.
Virtual Tour
Schedule a Visit
Our Living Community
We’re dedicated to establishing a supportive, safe, and vibrant on-campus living environment for all of our students. Join a community that will foster your growth so you can excel together.
Residential Life
Housing
Housing is available all four years, with 85% of undergrads living on campus. Explore our first-year residence halls through a virtual tour.
Dining
Bryant has a variety of dining options and flexible meal plans to fit your lifestyle — including vegan, gluten-free, and other allergy-safe options.
Clubs and Organizations
Pursue your passions — and explore new interests — through one of Bryant’s 100+ student clubs and organizations.
Get Involved
105+
Clubs
97
%
Students Involved
500+
Active Leadership Positions
Campus Events
With a rich calendar of campus events, there’s always something to discover at Bryant. Open your mind to new ideas and experiences through visiting speakers, group discussions, performing arts, and much more.
Upcoming Events
Signature Events
Athletics
Experience the competitive Bryant spirit firsthand through our DI, club, and intramural teams. Whether you are part of the action or cheering in the stands, sports and recreation showcase our Bulldogs’ daring and determination.
Explore Programs
550+
Student Athletes
25
Division I Teams
40+
Clubs and Intramurals
Belonging and Wellbeing at Bryant
From campus-wide events to student-led initiatives, Bryant is committed to fostering a welcoming community for all. The unique experiences of our students enrich our campus, and we encourage our Bulldogs to be critical thinkers who are ready to open their minds to new perspectives.
Belonging at Bryant
Machtley Interfaith Center and Campus Ministries
At Bryant, we’re committed to providing our students with opportunities to explore their faith and spirituality. The Ronald K. and Kati C. Machtley Interfaith Center offers a welcoming space for students of all beliefs and hosts events that promote understanding and respect for different religious traditions. Catholic, Jewish, Muslim, and Protestant chaplains also serve as sources of support and spiritual development for the entire community.
Visit the Interfaith Center
More to Explore:
New Student Programs
We make the college transition process as smooth as possible with extensive programming for new students.
Student Support Services
Find all the academic, health, and community resources you need to make the most of your Bryant experience.
Women’s Leadership
At Bryant, we have a long legacy of empowering women. Learn more about our women’s leadership initiatives.
Latest News
More News
Earth Day 2026 cultivates sustainability awareness and plants seeds for a greener Bryant
Educational and interactive programs aim to spark student involvement and highlight achievement
The ultimate bucket list for Bryant seniors
Commencement is approaching fast. Have you checked off these essential Bulldog experiences?
Innovation, creative expression at the forefront of Research and Engagement Day 2026
‘What makes REDay so impactful is the way it brings our community together,’ said Wendy Samter
‘Wellbeing is not an afterthought — it’s foundational’:  Inge Lise-Ameer, Ed.D., on student wellness
At MLK Legacy Dinner, Jaleel White discusses the power of purpose
Bryant reflects on finding the strength to lead and the value of diversity
From first-year friends to husband-and-wife to be
Alums Nick Fratto ’21 and Molly Healy ’21 get engaged at Bryant, where their relationship began
Registration is open for Bryant University’s 29th annual Women’s Summit®: “Illuminating Values, Inspiring Action”
Daylong summit features powerful keynotes, interactive discussion, and connection with extraordinary leaders from every fields
Bryant selected as FIFA World Cup 26™ Base Camp by Ghana National Team
Selection called "a recognition of Bryant's best-in-class facilities"
‘This isn’t just a space; it’s a launchpad’: Bryant dedicates new Sprague Center for Entrepreneurship and Design Thinking
Center dedicated in honor of Audrey F. (Perreault) ’56 and Bob Sprague ’56
The Bryant Pledge
The guiding principles of Bryant campus life are outlined in the Bryant Pledge. When you become a member of the Bryant community, you are asked to sign the pledge as an indication of your commitment to the guiding principles.
Read the Pledge