URL: https://www.bryant.edu/undergraduate/undergraduate-admission/tuition-and-financial-aid/work-study
TITLE: Work-Study | Bryant University

Make Your Deposit: Deadline May 1
Vision 2030
Vision 2030, our strategic plan, is evolving the Bryant experience.
Learn How
About Bryant
At a Glance
Mission and History
Leadership and Faculty
Institutional Effectiveness and Strategy
Initiatives
AI at Bryant
Centers and Institutes
Global Advisory Council
Sustainability at Bryant
Wellbeing at Bryant
Connect
Partnering With Bryant
Smithfield Resources
Working at Bryant
Contact Us
Why Bryant
We transform students into leaders with the drive, vision, and experience to leave a legacy.
Learn How
Career Outcomes
Students achieve exceptional outcomes through career planning and the Amica Center for Career Education.
Explore Your Path
Our unique major-minor combination is a strength that leads to endless career possibilities.
Explore Your Path
Campus Life
Bryant’s vibrant community is a transformative place to live and learn.
Explore Campus Life
Clubs and Organizations
With over 100 student-run clubs, Bryant has something for everyone.
Athletics
Experience the competitive Bryant spirit firsthand through our athletic programs.
Our Campus
Residential Life
Student Support Services
Belonging and Wellbeing at Bryant
New Student Programs
Women’s Leadership at Bryant
Campus Map
Smithfield, RI, and Beyond
Academics
Discover your passions through Bryant’s interdisciplinary education.
Academics Overview
Experiential Learning
Experiential education is at the core of your Bryant experience.
Learn More
Colleges and Schools
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Business
School of Health and Behavioral Sciences
Learning at Bryant
Explore our labs, faculty, and academic programs.
Academic Departments
Academic Labs
General Education Curriculum
Honors Program
Our Faculty
View Our Programs
Admission
Take your first step toward becoming a Bryant Bulldog.
Learn More
Application Info
How to Apply
Tuition and Financial Aid
First-Year Students
International Students
Transfer Students
Admitted Students
Admitted Class Profile
Take Action
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Info
Take Our Virtual Tour
Important Dates
Fri, May 01
Deposit Deadline
Academics
Our graduate programs offer an interdisciplinary education that prepares students for impactful careers.
Learn More
Our Faculty
Our dedicated faculty members offer both industry expertise and personalized mentorship.
Meet Our Faculty
Our Programs
Explore our nationally recognized graduate programs.
All Programs
MBAs
Online
Certificates
Admission
Advance your career through one of our nationally recognized programs.
Learn More
Application Info
Tuition and Financial Aid
International Students
Important Dates
Take Action
Apply Now
Request Info
Contact Us
Graduate Blog
Important Dates
Mon, Apr 20
Online Programs: Summer 2026 Deadline Extended
Wed, Jul 15
On Campus Programs: Spring 2027 Priority Deadline
View All Deadlines
Self-Paced
Learn anytime, anywhere with flexible self-paced courses.
Instructor Led
Expert-led courses offer structure, support, and results.
Multiple Options
Choose the program format that works best for you.
Contact an Advisor
Need some advice on next steps? Connect with a Bryant Course Advisor to help.
Contact an Advisor
View all Certificates
Work-Study
Many students receive Federal Work-Study, meaning they work part time on campus to help pay for their education.
If you receive Federal Work-Study (or Bryant University employment) as part of your financial aid package, we encourage you to consider these part-time opportunities to help you meet the cost of your education.
Bryant University employment as listed on the Financial Aid Statement is an estimated amount you can earn if you get a job on campus. This amount does not get deducted from your bill. Student employment and/or the amount of gross earnings cannot be guaranteed. It is your responsibility to secure a position. Students generally are not permitted to hold more than one job on campus.
A limited number of off-campus tutoring positions are available to work-study-eligible students at several area organizations. You will need your own transportation for these positions. Contact Andrea Pellegrino at (401) 232-6020 or
apellegrino@bryant.edu
if you are interested in these positions.
Be sure to complete paperwork before beginning work. If you secure an on-campus job, you must complete and submit the following to the Office of Financial Aid:
Student Payroll Authorization
W-4 Employee’s Withholding Allowance Certificate (federal as well as state)
I-9 Employment Eligibility Verification Form. You must have proper identification in the original form to complete an I-9 Employment Eligibility Verification Form. (Photocopies cannot be accepted.)
You may work no more than 20 hours per week during the academic year. Pay rates begin at minimum wage. After employment is secured, you will be paid every two weeks for the hours worked.
Your Questions Answered
Is work-study eligibility a requirement for part-time on-campus student jobs?
For the most part, yes. However, a limited number of positions requiring advanced skills or experience — tutors, research assistants, or certified lifeguards, for instance — are sometimes open to students not eligible for work-study funds.
For the most part, yes. However, a limited number of positions requiring advanced skills or experience — tutors, research assistants, or certified lifeguards, for instance — are sometimes open to students not eligible for work-study funds.
I have been awarded work-study. How do I find a job on campus?
If you are a Bryant student, you can view on-campus student job openings via our
info directory
. You’ll also find contact information there for all on-campus hiring supervisors. Make your job hunting a priority for the first weeks of class, as the demand for jobs is high and the field is competitive. It is best to contact supervisors directly, as opposed to merely sending emails asking about openings.
If you are a Bryant student, you can view on-campus student job openings via our
info directory
. You’ll also find contact information there for all on-campus hiring supervisors. Make your job hunting a priority for the first weeks of class, as the demand for jobs is high and the field is competitive. It is best to contact supervisors directly, as opposed to merely sending emails asking about openings.
Take Action
Visit
Get a firsthand look at life as a Bryant student.
Register
Virtual Tour
Apply
Find everything you need to guide you through the admission process.
Apply
Request Info