URL: https://www.bryant.edu/undergraduate/undergraduate-admission/tuition-and-financial-aid/calculating-your-need
TITLE: Calculating Your Need | Bryant University

Make Your Deposit: Deadline May 1
Vision 2030
Vision 2030, our strategic plan, is evolving the Bryant experience.
Learn How
About Bryant
At a Glance
Mission and History
Leadership and Faculty
Institutional Effectiveness and Strategy
Initiatives
AI at Bryant
Centers and Institutes
Global Advisory Council
Sustainability at Bryant
Wellbeing at Bryant
Connect
Partnering With Bryant
Smithfield Resources
Working at Bryant
Contact Us
Why Bryant
We transform students into leaders with the drive, vision, and experience to leave a legacy.
Learn How
Career Outcomes
Students achieve exceptional outcomes through career planning and the Amica Center for Career Education.
Explore Your Path
Our unique major-minor combination is a strength that leads to endless career possibilities.
Explore Your Path
Campus Life
Bryant’s vibrant community is a transformative place to live and learn.
Explore Campus Life
Clubs and Organizations
With over 100 student-run clubs, Bryant has something for everyone.
Athletics
Experience the competitive Bryant spirit firsthand through our athletic programs.
Our Campus
Residential Life
Student Support Services
Belonging and Wellbeing at Bryant
New Student Programs
Women’s Leadership at Bryant
Campus Map
Smithfield, RI, and Beyond
Academics
Discover your passions through Bryant’s interdisciplinary education.
Academics Overview
Experiential Learning
Experiential education is at the core of your Bryant experience.
Learn More
Colleges and Schools
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Business
School of Health and Behavioral Sciences
Learning at Bryant
Explore our labs, faculty, and academic programs.
Academic Departments
Academic Labs
General Education Curriculum
Honors Program
Our Faculty
View Our Programs
Admission
Take your first step toward becoming a Bryant Bulldog.
Learn More
Application Info
How to Apply
Tuition and Financial Aid
First-Year Students
International Students
Transfer Students
Admitted Students
Admitted Class Profile
Take Action
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Info
Take Our Virtual Tour
Important Dates
Fri, May 01
Deposit Deadline
Academics
Our graduate programs offer an interdisciplinary education that prepares students for impactful careers.
Learn More
Our Faculty
Our dedicated faculty members offer both industry expertise and personalized mentorship.
Meet Our Faculty
Our Programs
Explore our nationally recognized graduate programs.
All Programs
MBAs
Online
Certificates
Admission
Advance your career through one of our nationally recognized programs.
Learn More
Application Info
Tuition and Financial Aid
International Students
Important Dates
Take Action
Apply Now
Request Info
Contact Us
Graduate Blog
Important Dates
Mon, Apr 20
Online Programs: Summer 2026 Deadline Extended
Wed, Jul 15
On Campus Programs: Spring 2027 Priority Deadline
View All Deadlines
Self-Paced
Learn anytime, anywhere with flexible self-paced courses.
Instructor Led
Expert-led courses offer structure, support, and results.
Multiple Options
Choose the program format that works best for you.
Contact an Advisor
Need some advice on next steps? Connect with a Bryant Course Advisor to help.
Contact an Advisor
View all Certificates
Calculating Your Need
The importance of choosing a university that delivers the highest returns cannot be overstated. If Bryant is the perfect fit for you, financial aid can help you meet the costs.
Don’t assume you are ineligible for financial aid!
Because rules, regulations, and eligibility requirements change from year to year, you should at least apply. You may find it is well worth your time.
Most financial assistance administered by the Office of Financial Aid is based in part on your financial need — the difference between the cost of attending Bryant and the calculated family contribution.
To be considered for need-based financial aid at Bryant, you must:
File the FAFSA.
Be a citizen or permanent resident of the United States.
Be enrolled full-time or be accepted for full-time enrollment in a course of study, or be enrolled part-time and officially accepted as a candidate in a degree program.
Be making satisfactory academic progress toward the completion of your course of study.
Not be in default on a federal student loan.
Not owe a refund on a federal grant.
Inside a Financial Aid Package
Aid packages might include:
Federal Pell Grants
Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants
State grants
Institutional grants and/or scholarships
Federal Work-Study
Federal Direct Stafford Loans
Law requires students who receive outside sources of aid (i.e., private scholarships from third-party agencies or firms) to notify the Office of Financial Aid. In some cases, the amount of this outside aid could affect the award offered by Bryant. Generally, you may not receive aid more than your determined need for assistance.
In many cases, it is impossible for Bryant to meet your full need. Consequently, your family may need to seek additional assistance in the form of privately funded education loans or alternative sources.
File a FAFSA
Financial aid awards are based largely on the information on the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). A verification worksheet, tax transcripts, and/or other documents may also be required. The Office of Financial Aid will maintain complete confidentiality of all information. Since everyone’s financial situation is subject to change, a financial aid officer may review and revise awards based on changes in family circumstances.
Date
Information
Oct. 1, 2024
First date the 2025-26
FAFSA
may be submitted to the Department of Education. See
www.fafsa.gov
.
Nov. 1, 2024
Deadline to file 2025-2026
FAFSA
for students seeking January 2026 entrance.
Feb. 15, 2025
Deadline to file
FAFSA
for students seeking September 2025 entrance.
March  2025
Notification to incoming freshmen and transfer students begins for September 2025 entrance.
Mar. 1, 2025
Deadline for returning students to file
FAFSA
to be considered for aid in 2025-2026.
Apr. 1, 2025
Deadline for transfer students to file
FAFSA
to be considered for 2025-2026.
May 1, 2025
Deadline for submitting signed copies of parent and student Federal Income Tax Return Transcripts (all pages) if requested by Bryant for September 2025 entrance.
June 2025
First release of financial aid notifications to continuing students for the 2025-2026 academic year.
*Dates are subject to change. Contact the Office of Financial Aid for further information.
Net Price Calculator
Your Questions Answered
What if I am an independent student?
According to federal regulations, students must generally meet one of the following to be considered self-supporting and independent for the academic year. Students may also be asked to submit supporting documentation to verify their status. Students must be:
24 years old as of December 31 of the award year
An orphan or ward of the court
A veteran of the armed forces of the United States
A graduate student or professional student
Married
Have legal dependents other than a spouse.
Although there are additional criteria, if you do not meet one of the above requirements, you are generally considered dependent and must file all financial aid forms accordingly.
According to federal regulations, students must generally meet one of the following to be considered self-supporting and independent for the academic year. Students may also be asked to submit supporting documentation to verify their status. Students must be:
24 years old as of December 31 of the award year
An orphan or ward of the court
A veteran of the armed forces of the United States
A graduate student or professional student
Married
Have legal dependents other than a spouse.
Although there are additional criteria, if you do not meet one of the above requirements, you are generally considered dependent and must file all financial aid forms accordingly.
What if I have extenuating circumstances that FAFSA doesn’t reflect?
We encourage you to send us documentation describing your situation in greater detail. This will ensure that proper consideration is given when we review your application for aid.
We encourage you to send us documentation describing your situation in greater detail. This will ensure that proper consideration is given when we review your application for aid.
Take Action
Visit
Get a firsthand look at life as a Bryant student.
Register
Virtual Tour
Apply
Find everything you need to guide you through the admission process.
Apply
Request Info