URL: https://www.bryant.edu/undergraduate/undergraduate-admission/admitted-students
TITLE: Admitted Students | Bryant University

Make Your Deposit: Deadline May 1
Vision 2030
Vision 2030, our strategic plan, is evolving the Bryant experience.
Learn How
About Bryant
At a Glance
Mission and History
Leadership and Faculty
Institutional Effectiveness and Strategy
Initiatives
AI at Bryant
Centers and Institutes
Global Advisory Council
Sustainability at Bryant
Wellbeing at Bryant
Connect
Partnering With Bryant
Smithfield Resources
Working at Bryant
Contact Us
Why Bryant
We transform students into leaders with the drive, vision, and experience to leave a legacy.
Learn How
Career Outcomes
Students achieve exceptional outcomes through career planning and the Amica Center for Career Education.
Explore Your Path
Our unique major-minor combination is a strength that leads to endless career possibilities.
Explore Your Path
Campus Life
Bryant’s vibrant community is a transformative place to live and learn.
Explore Campus Life
Clubs and Organizations
With over 100 student-run clubs, Bryant has something for everyone.
Athletics
Experience the competitive Bryant spirit firsthand through our athletic programs.
Our Campus
Residential Life
Student Support Services
Belonging and Wellbeing at Bryant
New Student Programs
Women’s Leadership at Bryant
Campus Map
Smithfield, RI, and Beyond
Academics
Discover your passions through Bryant’s interdisciplinary education.
Academics Overview
Experiential Learning
Experiential education is at the core of your Bryant experience.
Learn More
Colleges and Schools
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Business
School of Health and Behavioral Sciences
Learning at Bryant
Explore our labs, faculty, and academic programs.
Academic Departments
Academic Labs
General Education Curriculum
Honors Program
Our Faculty
View Our Programs
Admission
Take your first step toward becoming a Bryant Bulldog.
Learn More
Application Info
How to Apply
Tuition and Financial Aid
First-Year Students
International Students
Transfer Students
Admitted Students
Admitted Class Profile
Take Action
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Info
Take Our Virtual Tour
Important Dates
Fri, May 01
Deposit Deadline
Academics
Our graduate programs offer an interdisciplinary education that prepares students for impactful careers.
Learn More
Our Faculty
Our dedicated faculty members offer both industry expertise and personalized mentorship.
Meet Our Faculty
Our Programs
Explore our nationally recognized graduate programs.
All Programs
MBAs
Online
Certificates
Admission
Advance your career through one of our nationally recognized programs.
Learn More
Application Info
Tuition and Financial Aid
International Students
Important Dates
Take Action
Apply Now
Request Info
Contact Us
Graduate Blog
Important Dates
Mon, Apr 20
Online Programs: Summer 2026 Deadline Extended
Wed, Jul 15
On Campus Programs: Spring 2027 Priority Deadline
View All Deadlines
Self-Paced
Learn anytime, anywhere with flexible self-paced courses.
Instructor Led
Expert-led courses offer structure, support, and results.
Multiple Options
Choose the program format that works best for you.
Contact an Advisor
Need some advice on next steps? Connect with a Bryant Course Advisor to help.
Contact an Advisor
View all Certificates
Your Success Begins Now
Admitted Students
Congratulations on your acceptance to Bryant University!
Make Your Deposit
Congratulations, You’re in at Bryant!
Admitted Student Days
Most Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays | March 30 – April 17
Attend a group information session, take a tour, and be our guest  for lunch. This is a great alternative if you are unable to make the Admitted Student Open House. The Office of Financial Aid will also be open to answer your questions.
Sign Up Today
Next Steps
Once you’ve submitted your enrollment deposit:
Register for Orientation (Open in May)
Complete your Housing Application (after May 1)
Access your required Health Forms
Set up your Bryant email and change your password
Have any questions about financial aid? Connect with your counselor.
Access Your Admission Portal
View Your Acceptance Packet
You're officially IN! You'll receive your Acceptance Packet in the mail, but you can also download it here for easy reference as you take your next steps to enroll.
Download the Acceptance Packet
International Students
International students are invited to arrive early to the Bryant campus for 4MILE, a special program designed to help with the transition to living in the United States. This program takes place on the days just before Move-In Day. You must have all the forms necessary to do this prior to traveling.
Learn More About 4MILE
Show Your Bulldog Spirit
Start showing your Bulldog pride with digital downloads designed for the Class of 2030, perfect for your phone or laptop.
Download
Download
Download
Download
Download
Download
Connect With Us
Ask a Student
Have a question about academics, campus life, the unique opportunities for Bryant students, or something else? Send a message to askastudent@bryant.edu.
Class of 2030 on Instagram
Check out student activities and connect with the Bryant community and your classmates on the official Bryant University Class of 2030 Instagram page.
Learn About Orientation
You don't want to miss Orientation, where you'll learn everything you need to know about being a Bulldog and meet your future classmates, faculty, and lifelong friends.
Take Action
Visit Campus
Get a firsthand look at life as a Bryant student.
Register
Virtual Tour
Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot with the Class of 2030 and make your deposit today.
Make Your Deposit