URL: https://www.bryant.edu/undergraduate/campus-life/clubs-and-organizations
TITLE: Clubs and Organizations | Bryant University

Make Your Deposit: Deadline May 1
Vision 2030
Vision 2030, our strategic plan, is evolving the Bryant experience.
Learn How
About Bryant
At a Glance
Mission and History
Leadership and Faculty
Institutional Effectiveness and Strategy
Initiatives
AI at Bryant
Centers and Institutes
Global Advisory Council
Sustainability at Bryant
Wellbeing at Bryant
Connect
Partnering With Bryant
Smithfield Resources
Working at Bryant
Contact Us
Why Bryant
We transform students into leaders with the drive, vision, and experience to leave a legacy.
Learn How
Career Outcomes
Students achieve exceptional outcomes through career planning and the Amica Center for Career Education.
Explore Your Path
Our unique major-minor combination is a strength that leads to endless career possibilities.
Explore Your Path
Campus Life
Bryant’s vibrant community is a transformative place to live and learn.
Explore Campus Life
Clubs and Organizations
With over 100 student-run clubs, Bryant has something for everyone.
Athletics
Experience the competitive Bryant spirit firsthand through our athletic programs.
Our Campus
Residential Life
Student Support Services
Belonging and Wellbeing at Bryant
New Student Programs
Women’s Leadership at Bryant
Campus Map
Smithfield, RI, and Beyond
Academics
Discover your passions through Bryant’s interdisciplinary education.
Academics Overview
Experiential Learning
Experiential education is at the core of your Bryant experience.
Learn More
Colleges and Schools
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Business
School of Health and Behavioral Sciences
Learning at Bryant
Explore our labs, faculty, and academic programs.
Academic Departments
Academic Labs
General Education Curriculum
Honors Program
Our Faculty
View Our Programs
Admission
Take your first step toward becoming a Bryant Bulldog.
Learn More
Application Info
How to Apply
Tuition and Financial Aid
First-Year Students
International Students
Transfer Students
Admitted Students
Admitted Class Profile
Take Action
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Info
Take Our Virtual Tour
Important Dates
Fri, May 01
Deposit Deadline
Academics
Our graduate programs offer an interdisciplinary education that prepares students for impactful careers.
Learn More
Our Faculty
Our dedicated faculty members offer both industry expertise and personalized mentorship.
Meet Our Faculty
Our Programs
Explore our nationally recognized graduate programs.
All Programs
MBAs
Online
Certificates
Admission
Advance your career through one of our nationally recognized programs.
Learn More
Application Info
Tuition and Financial Aid
International Students
Important Dates
Take Action
Apply Now
Request Info
Contact Us
Graduate Blog
Important Dates
Mon, Apr 20
Online Programs: Summer 2026 Deadline Extended
Wed, Jul 15
On Campus Programs: Spring 2027 Priority Deadline
View All Deadlines
Self-Paced
Learn anytime, anywhere with flexible self-paced courses.
Instructor Led
Expert-led courses offer structure, support, and results.
Multiple Options
Choose the program format that works best for you.
Contact an Advisor
Need some advice on next steps? Connect with a Bryant Course Advisor to help.
Contact an Advisor
View all Certificates
Clubs and Organizations
At Bryant University, your engagement extends far beyond the classroom experience. We encourage our students to cultivate their interests, hone their leadership skills, and collaborate with peers through active involvement in one or more of our 105+ student organizations. These groups provide endless opportunities for you to stretch your personal and professional growth and add your footprint to our accomplished community.
Find Student Clubs
Find Your Passion
Bryant offers a wide variety of student organizations, catering to different interests, passions, and professional goals. Our close-knit and exploratory environment will allow you to form lifelong friendships, serve in leadership positions, and make a lasting difference on campus.
Partnering Organizations
Our partnering organizations work on a university-wide level and represent the undergraduate student body to the Bryant administration. Supported by dedicated university staff members, these organizations serve as the voice of the students on issues that matter most to the community. Some examples include:
Bryant University Student Government
International Student Organization
Multicultural Student Union
WJMF, Bryant’s student-run radio station
View Partnering Organizations
Our partnering organizations work on a university-wide level and represent the undergraduate student body to the Bryant administration. Supported by dedicated university staff members, these organizations serve as the voice of the students on issues that matter most to the community. Some examples include:
Bryant University Student Government
International Student Organization
Multicultural Student Union
WJMF, Bryant’s student-run radio station
View Partnering Organizations
Student Programming Board (SPB)
As one of the most dynamic groups on campus, SPB is responsible for organizing many of the major student-centered events throughout the year. They plan everything from the energetic
Big B Weekend
at the start of the semester, to the highly anticipated
Spring Concert
, to fun recurring events like
Big Bingo
. Whether on-campus or off-campus, SPB hosts activities designed to capture the interests and curiosity of every student.
Student Programming Board
As one of the most dynamic groups on campus, SPB is responsible for organizing many of the major student-centered events throughout the year. They plan everything from the energetic
Big B Weekend
at the start of the semester, to the highly anticipated
Spring Concert
, to fun recurring events like
Big Bingo
. Whether on-campus or off-campus, SPB hosts activities designed to capture the interests and curiosity of every student.
Student Programming Board
Greek Life
Greek Life organizations play a vital role in the ongoing development of the Bryant University campus and participating students, offering leadership, philanthropic, social, and service opportunities. Bryant’s Greek organizations use a deferred recruitment system, meaning that first-year students must wait until their second semester to enter the recruitment process and accept a bid.
Greek Life Organizations
Greek Life organizations play a vital role in the ongoing development of the Bryant University campus and participating students, offering leadership, philanthropic, social, and service opportunities. Bryant’s Greek organizations use a deferred recruitment system, meaning that first-year students must wait until their second semester to enter the recruitment process and accept a bid.
Greek Life Organizations
Our Clubs
No matter where your interests lie, Bryant has something for everyone — whether you’re searching for professional development opportunities, recreational outings, or an opportunity to give back.
Explore Clubs
No matter where your interests lie, Bryant has something for everyone — whether you’re searching for professional development opportunities, recreational outings, or an opportunity to give back.
Explore Clubs
Explore Student Clubs
With over 100 student organizations — and new clubs forming every year — Bryant has something for everyone. What will you discover?
Find Your Community
105+
Student Clubs and Organizations
500+
Active Leadership Positions
Student Government
Bryant University Student Government plays an integral role in our community, leading the charge on student life improvements and serving as a voice for all our Bulldogs.
Join Student Government
#
12
Most Active Student Government
Princeton Review
Club and Intramural Sports
You don’t have to be a varsity athlete to stay active on campus. Many Bryant students participate in club and intramural sports to get involved, with plenty of opportunities for you to channel your competitive spirit.
Browse All Sports
Signature Events
Bryant University is home to a variety of campus-wide events that foster community, celebrate achievements, and provide memorable experiences for students and their families.
View Signature Events