URL: https://www.bryant.edu/undergraduate/undergraduate-admission/applying-bryant
TITLE: Applying to Bryant | Bryant University

Make Your Deposit: Deadline May 1
Vision 2030
Vision 2030, our strategic plan, is evolving the Bryant experience.
Learn How
About Bryant
At a Glance
Mission and History
Leadership and Faculty
Institutional Effectiveness and Strategy
Initiatives
AI at Bryant
Centers and Institutes
Global Advisory Council
Sustainability at Bryant
Wellbeing at Bryant
Connect
Partnering With Bryant
Smithfield Resources
Working at Bryant
Contact Us
Why Bryant
We transform students into leaders with the drive, vision, and experience to leave a legacy.
Learn How
Career Outcomes
Students achieve exceptional outcomes through career planning and the Amica Center for Career Education.
Explore Your Path
Our unique major-minor combination is a strength that leads to endless career possibilities.
Explore Your Path
Campus Life
Bryant’s vibrant community is a transformative place to live and learn.
Explore Campus Life
Clubs and Organizations
With over 100 student-run clubs, Bryant has something for everyone.
Athletics
Experience the competitive Bryant spirit firsthand through our athletic programs.
Our Campus
Residential Life
Student Support Services
Belonging and Wellbeing at Bryant
New Student Programs
Women’s Leadership at Bryant
Campus Map
Smithfield, RI, and Beyond
Academics
Discover your passions through Bryant’s interdisciplinary education.
Academics Overview
Experiential Learning
Experiential education is at the core of your Bryant experience.
Learn More
Colleges and Schools
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Business
School of Health and Behavioral Sciences
Learning at Bryant
Explore our labs, faculty, and academic programs.
Academic Departments
Academic Labs
General Education Curriculum
Honors Program
Our Faculty
View Our Programs
Admission
Take your first step toward becoming a Bryant Bulldog.
Learn More
Application Info
How to Apply
Tuition and Financial Aid
First-Year Students
International Students
Transfer Students
Admitted Students
Admitted Class Profile
Take Action
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Info
Take Our Virtual Tour
Important Dates
Fri, May 01
Deposit Deadline
Academics
Our graduate programs offer an interdisciplinary education that prepares students for impactful careers.
Learn More
Our Faculty
Our dedicated faculty members offer both industry expertise and personalized mentorship.
Meet Our Faculty
Our Programs
Explore our nationally recognized graduate programs.
All Programs
MBAs
Online
Certificates
Admission
Advance your career through one of our nationally recognized programs.
Learn More
Application Info
Tuition and Financial Aid
International Students
Important Dates
Take Action
Apply Now
Request Info
Contact Us
Graduate Blog
Important Dates
Mon, Apr 20
Online Programs: Summer 2026 Deadline Extended
Wed, Jul 15
On Campus Programs: Spring 2027 Priority Deadline
View All Deadlines
Self-Paced
Learn anytime, anywhere with flexible self-paced courses.
Instructor Led
Expert-led courses offer structure, support, and results.
Multiple Options
Choose the program format that works best for you.
Contact an Advisor
Need some advice on next steps? Connect with a Bryant Course Advisor to help.
Contact an Advisor
View all Certificates
Applying to Bryant
Join a legacy of success since 1863. Purpose-driven leaders are built here.
Start Your Application
How to Apply
Submitting your application to Bryant is a big step, but you’ll be surprised how simple it is once you decide Bryant is for you. Show us how you shine and share your big plans. If you think you’ll thrive at a top-ranked university that places a priority on experimentation and collaboration, we can’t wait to meet you.
Admission interviews are available on request; Bryant is test-optional.
The Common App
You can use the Common App to complete your application and send it to the Bryant admission team. If you have any questions, don’t hesitate to reach out.
Common Application
First-Year Admission
Our comprehensive application process doesn’t just look at your coursework. It takes the entire student into account.
Get Started
Early Decision/Early Action
If you feel certain that Bryant is your top school, applying for Early Decision or Early Action can give you an answer well before you hear from other schools.
Find Out More
International Student Admission
Join a learning community that represents nearly 50 countries. Our first-year 4MILE (Multicultural and International Leadership Experience) program quickly adapts you to your new home.
International Students
Transfer Student Admission
Welcome to Bryant, where one out of every seven students is a transfer. We’re here to help, including merit scholarships for exceptional transfer students.
Transfer Students
Additional Resources
Learn more about our admitted students, test-optional policy, veteran benefits, or how you can connect with your admission counselor.
Admitted Class Profile
Our current students demonstrated strong college preparatory work and extracurricular activities, solid recommendations, and a great essay.
Test-Optional Policy
You’re more than a test score. If you believe your test scores don’t reflect your actual value as a student, we have alternatives.
Veterans
Learn why
U.S. News & World Report
ranked us as one of the top schools for veterans in the region in 2025.
Meet Your Counselor
Our admission counselors are ready to answer your questions at every stage of the application process.
Take Action
Visit
Get a firsthand look at life as a Bryant student.
Register
Virtual Tour
Apply
Ready to apply? Get started through the Common App.
Apply Now
Request Info