URL: https://www.bryant.edu/undergraduate/why-bryant/career-outcomes
TITLE: Career Outcomes | Bryant University

Make Your Deposit: Deadline May 1
Vision 2030
Vision 2030, our strategic plan, is evolving the Bryant experience.
Learn How
About Bryant
At a Glance
Mission and History
Leadership and Faculty
Institutional Effectiveness and Strategy
Initiatives
AI at Bryant
Centers and Institutes
Global Advisory Council
Sustainability at Bryant
Wellbeing at Bryant
Connect
Partnering With Bryant
Smithfield Resources
Working at Bryant
Contact Us
Why Bryant
We transform students into leaders with the drive, vision, and experience to leave a legacy.
Learn How
Career Outcomes
Students achieve exceptional outcomes through career planning and the Amica Center for Career Education.
Explore Your Path
Our unique major-minor combination is a strength that leads to endless career possibilities.
Explore Your Path
Campus Life
Bryant’s vibrant community is a transformative place to live and learn.
Explore Campus Life
Clubs and Organizations
With over 100 student-run clubs, Bryant has something for everyone.
Athletics
Experience the competitive Bryant spirit firsthand through our athletic programs.
Our Campus
Residential Life
Student Support Services
Belonging and Wellbeing at Bryant
New Student Programs
Women’s Leadership at Bryant
Campus Map
Smithfield, RI, and Beyond
Academics
Discover your passions through Bryant’s interdisciplinary education.
Academics Overview
Experiential Learning
Experiential education is at the core of your Bryant experience.
Learn More
Colleges and Schools
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Business
School of Health and Behavioral Sciences
Learning at Bryant
Explore our labs, faculty, and academic programs.
Academic Departments
Academic Labs
General Education Curriculum
Honors Program
Our Faculty
View Our Programs
Admission
Take your first step toward becoming a Bryant Bulldog.
Learn More
Application Info
How to Apply
Tuition and Financial Aid
First-Year Students
International Students
Transfer Students
Admitted Students
Admitted Class Profile
Take Action
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Info
Take Our Virtual Tour
Important Dates
Fri, May 01
Deposit Deadline
Academics
Our graduate programs offer an interdisciplinary education that prepares students for impactful careers.
Learn More
Our Faculty
Our dedicated faculty members offer both industry expertise and personalized mentorship.
Meet Our Faculty
Our Programs
Explore our nationally recognized graduate programs.
All Programs
MBAs
Online
Certificates
Admission
Advance your career through one of our nationally recognized programs.
Learn More
Application Info
Tuition and Financial Aid
International Students
Important Dates
Take Action
Apply Now
Request Info
Contact Us
Graduate Blog
Important Dates
Mon, Apr 20
Online Programs: Summer 2026 Deadline Extended
Wed, Jul 15
On Campus Programs: Spring 2027 Priority Deadline
View All Deadlines
Self-Paced
Learn anytime, anywhere with flexible self-paced courses.
Instructor Led
Expert-led courses offer structure, support, and results.
Multiple Options
Choose the program format that works best for you.
Contact an Advisor
Need some advice on next steps? Connect with a Bryant Course Advisor to help.
Contact an Advisor
View all Certificates
Career Outcomes
With a transformative education that delivers exceptional outcomes, our results speak for themselves.
$
77K
median starting salary of Bryant graduates
Class of 2025
Top 1
%
ROI for lifetime earnings
Georgetown University CEW
98
%
employed or in grad school within 6 months of graduation
Class of 2025
98
%
of graduating seniors agree that Bryant prepared them well for the future
Class of 2025
190+
employers attend on-campus career events each year
$
122K
mid-career salary
Career Planning and Development
There’s a reason employers want to hire Bryant graduates.
Career planning is woven throughout your student journey. From your very first year, you’ll receive comprehensive guidance choosing your course of study, developing your career goals, and finding the right professional opportunities. At the end of your Bryant experience, we’re certain you’ll be ready for the road ahead.
Here are a few ways we ensure our students achieve exceptional career outcomes.
Interdisciplinary Education Model
Bryant University offers you a uniquely integrated business education, helping you pave the way for your future. By complementing a business major or minor with a course of study in another discipline, our students can pursue multiple interests while also gaining a competitive advantage. Our interdisciplinary approach is a strength that gives you the expertise to solve problems from different perspectives. You’ll leave campus as a confident leader who can take on today’s biggest challenges — and stand out as an exemplary candidate as you prepare for your career.
Bryant University offers you a uniquely integrated business education, helping you pave the way for your future. By complementing a business major or minor with a course of study in another discipline, our students can pursue multiple interests while also gaining a competitive advantage. Our interdisciplinary approach is a strength that gives you the expertise to solve problems from different perspectives. You’ll leave campus as a confident leader who can take on today’s biggest challenges — and stand out as an exemplary candidate as you prepare for your career.
Transformative Learning Experiences
Lessons from a textbook can only take you so far. The best way to understand the concepts you learn in the classroom is to apply them to real-world settings. That’s why
experiential learning
has always been a hallmark of the Bryant experience. Throughout your courses at Bryant — beginning your very first year — you’ll engage in internships, international learning, research opportunities, and capstone projects while partnering with real businesses and organizations. These hands-on opportunities will expose you to new ideas and elevate your leadership skills to the next level.
Lessons from a textbook can only take you so far. The best way to understand the concepts you learn in the classroom is to apply them to real-world settings. That’s why
experiential learning
has always been a hallmark of the Bryant experience. Throughout your courses at Bryant — beginning your very first year — you’ll engage in internships, international learning, research opportunities, and capstone projects while partnering with real businesses and organizations. These hands-on opportunities will expose you to new ideas and elevate your leadership skills to the next level.
Career-Ready Mindset
We lead our Bulldogs to find the intersection of their passions and strengths, then equip them with the confidence and credentials to reach a fulfilling profession. This begins your first year in our “Career Launch” course, part of the
general education curriculum
. This class will help you solidify your career interests as you map out your course of study. You’ll create a series of action steps to help you achieve important milestones — and utilize helpful planning tools and resources — in your career development process. For undecided students who need a little more guidance, the MyPath@Bryant program in the
Amica Center for Career Education
provides personalized career coaching, assessments, and student mentorship to help you make an informed decision.
We also help our students cultivate job search skills so they’re ready to engage with employers when the time comes. You can participate in resume reviews and mock interviews, learn how to network, get help with your LinkedIn profile, practice salary negotiation, and much more.
We lead our Bulldogs to find the intersection of their passions and strengths, then equip them with the confidence and credentials to reach a fulfilling profession. This begins your first year in our “Career Launch” course, part of the
general education curriculum
. This class will help you solidify your career interests as you map out your course of study. You’ll create a series of action steps to help you achieve important milestones — and utilize helpful planning tools and resources — in your career development process. For undecided students who need a little more guidance, the MyPath@Bryant program in the
Amica Center for Career Education
provides personalized career coaching, assessments, and student mentorship to help you make an informed decision.
We also help our students cultivate job search skills so they’re ready to engage with employers when the time comes. You can participate in resume reviews and mock interviews, learn how to network, get help with your LinkedIn profile, practice salary negotiation, and much more.
Extensive Professional Network
Over 400 employers participate in our recruitment efforts, including more than 150 employers who conduct on-campus interviews. Bryant hosts two annual on-campus career fairs featuring employers from a range of industries. We also hold networking events and site visits throughout the year to help students find internship, volunteer, and employment opportunities. And with an active alumni network of more than 50,000, there are always Bulldogs looking to connect with our current students. No matter what your discipline or career goals may be, your exposure to employers and organizations at Bryant will be unparalleled.
Over 400 employers participate in our recruitment efforts, including more than 150 employers who conduct on-campus interviews. Bryant hosts two annual on-campus career fairs featuring employers from a range of industries. We also hold networking events and site visits throughout the year to help students find internship, volunteer, and employment opportunities. And with an active alumni network of more than 50,000, there are always Bulldogs looking to connect with our current students. No matter what your discipline or career goals may be, your exposure to employers and organizations at Bryant will be unparalleled.
Amica Center
Our Amica Center for Career Education helps you pursue a career where you will excel. Receive personalized coaching, find job and internship opportunities, connect with employer networks, and much more.
Visit the Amica Center
No. 25
Best Career Services
Princeton Review
Experiential Learning
Experiential education is at the core of your Bryant experience. Our innovative model features hands-on learning opportunities throughout the curriculum, helping you discover new insights and build analytical skills for your future.
Spark Your Curiosity
Explore Your Path
By pursuing both a major and minor — with one in business and one in the liberal arts or sciences — you’ll learn how to assess problems from different perspectives and find creative solutions to today’s biggest challenges. Our interdisciplinary approach is a strength that leads to endless career possibilities.
Try Our Career Widget
Latest News
More News
Bryant’s College of Business receives high marks for academic experience, career outcomes in 2026 Poets&Quants survey
In national survey that considers student feedback, Bryant among top 15 for academic experience and top 50 for career outcomes
Bryant announces direct admission partnership with MGH Institute of Health Professions
Direct pathways will fuel workforce pipeline for regional healthcare sector
“We're setting the pace. We're building this future”: Rupendra Paliwal, Ph.D., on reimagining higher education in the age of AI
Provost and Chief Academic Officer shares Bryant University's vision of tomorrow
Three ways to a Bryant MBA
Bryant’s full-time, part-time, and online MBA programs offer excellent ROI, flexibility, affordability
Prepared to lead: Class of 2024 earns highest starting salary in university history
99% of the class employed or pursuing advanced degrees within six months
Bryant again recognized for top 1% ROI nationally by Georgetown study
20-year NPV is $1.1 million; 40-year NPV is $3 million.
Bryant announces new tuition-paid internship policy, expanding experiential opportunities to enhance outcomes for all
Students can now earn course credit for on- and off-semester internships
International economics society selects 2024 alum for prestigious research award
Amanda Spielman explores agricultural energy efficiency, sustainability grants
New "Leader Generation" film explores Bryant’s extraordinary women in finance
Student, faculty share story of building confidence and a community of support