URL: https://www.bryant.edu/undergraduate/undergraduate-admission/applying-bryant/early-decisionearly-action
TITLE: Early Decision/Early Action | Bryant University

Make Your Deposit: Deadline May 1
Vision 2030
Vision 2030, our strategic plan, is evolving the Bryant experience.
Learn How
About Bryant
At a Glance
Mission and History
Leadership and Faculty
Institutional Effectiveness and Strategy
Initiatives
AI at Bryant
Centers and Institutes
Global Advisory Council
Sustainability at Bryant
Wellbeing at Bryant
Connect
Partnering With Bryant
Smithfield Resources
Working at Bryant
Contact Us
Why Bryant
We transform students into leaders with the drive, vision, and experience to leave a legacy.
Learn How
Career Outcomes
Students achieve exceptional outcomes through career planning and the Amica Center for Career Education.
Explore Your Path
Our unique major-minor combination is a strength that leads to endless career possibilities.
Explore Your Path
Campus Life
Bryant’s vibrant community is a transformative place to live and learn.
Explore Campus Life
Clubs and Organizations
With over 100 student-run clubs, Bryant has something for everyone.
Athletics
Experience the competitive Bryant spirit firsthand through our athletic programs.
Our Campus
Residential Life
Student Support Services
Belonging and Wellbeing at Bryant
New Student Programs
Women’s Leadership at Bryant
Campus Map
Smithfield, RI, and Beyond
Academics
Discover your passions through Bryant’s interdisciplinary education.
Academics Overview
Experiential Learning
Experiential education is at the core of your Bryant experience.
Learn More
Colleges and Schools
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Business
School of Health and Behavioral Sciences
Learning at Bryant
Explore our labs, faculty, and academic programs.
Academic Departments
Academic Labs
General Education Curriculum
Honors Program
Our Faculty
View Our Programs
Admission
Take your first step toward becoming a Bryant Bulldog.
Learn More
Application Info
How to Apply
Tuition and Financial Aid
First-Year Students
International Students
Transfer Students
Admitted Students
Admitted Class Profile
Take Action
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Info
Take Our Virtual Tour
Important Dates
Fri, May 01
Deposit Deadline
Academics
Our graduate programs offer an interdisciplinary education that prepares students for impactful careers.
Learn More
Our Faculty
Our dedicated faculty members offer both industry expertise and personalized mentorship.
Meet Our Faculty
Our Programs
Explore our nationally recognized graduate programs.
All Programs
MBAs
Online
Certificates
Admission
Advance your career through one of our nationally recognized programs.
Learn More
Application Info
Tuition and Financial Aid
International Students
Important Dates
Take Action
Apply Now
Request Info
Contact Us
Graduate Blog
Important Dates
Mon, Apr 20
Online Programs: Summer 2026 Deadline Extended
Wed, Jul 15
On Campus Programs: Spring 2027 Priority Deadline
View All Deadlines
Self-Paced
Learn anytime, anywhere with flexible self-paced courses.
Instructor Led
Expert-led courses offer structure, support, and results.
Multiple Options
Choose the program format that works best for you.
Contact an Advisor
Need some advice on next steps? Connect with a Bryant Course Advisor to help.
Contact an Advisor
View all Certificates
Early Decision and Early Action
If Bryant is high on your list of schools, you may consider applying for Early Decision, which entails a binding commitment to attend if admitted, or Early Action, which is nonbinding and allows you to find out earlier if you are admitted.
Common Application
Early Decision
If Bryant is your number one school, and you picture yourself here above other choices, we recommend applying Early Decision.
Early Decision means you’re making a commitment to Bryant. We take that commitment very seriously. If the committee agrees that you’re an excellent fit, you will be admitted, without comparison to the larger applicant pool.
The Early Decision applicant pool is smaller and therefore has a slightly higher acceptance rate: About 65% of Early Decision applicants are admitted, compared to about 45% of Regular Decision applicants.
We aren’t looking to fill the incoming class with Early Decision students; rather, we are looking for those students who love Bryant, want to be a part of our community, and who are academically qualified.
Early Decision is
binding
. If admitted under Early Decision, you agree to withdraw all other applications to other schools and enroll at Bryant. Students admitted through Early Decision will receive their financial aid package, including any applicable merit scholarships, at the time of acceptance, as we recognize this is an important piece of the decision-making process.
If
deferred or waitlisted,
you are released from the binding nature of Early Decision but may have to send us more information.
Two Options for Early Decision
Choosing to apply Early Decision to any school is a big decision, so take your time, consider your options, and decide which timeline at Bryant is best for you.
If you researched and visited several colleges over the summer and are certain by November that Bryant is where you belong, then
Early Decision I
may be the best option for you.
Early Decision II
gives you a little more time to complete your search and think about your options. Sometimes, students aren't ready to apply for Early Decision in November but realize in December that they are. Early Decision II at Bryant allows you to do that.
Early Action
Early Action is a
non-binding application option
in which you will receive your admission decision earlier than regular applicants, typically by mid-January. You’ll then have time to decide where to attend. The admission criteria are the same for Early Action and Regular Decision, so the likelihood of being admitted in either case is the same.
Along with your decision letter in January, you may also receive a scholarship notification (if applicable). Your need-based financial aid package will arrive in mid-March as long as you have submitted the FAFSA. If you didn’t receive a merit scholarship with your decision letter, you may still receive one during our second review process in March.
Deferred Admission: Next Steps
If your application was deferred to the Regular Decision pool, the admission committee would like to give you the opportunity to share additional information that you believe will strengthen your application. This information can include mid-year grades, additional letters of recommendation, and an optional on-campus interview with your admission counselor.
A deferred decision
does not mean
you will be denied admission to Bryant University; it
does
mean that we hope to review additional information to help us determine whether Bryant is a right fit for you.
We look forward to working with you in the upcoming months, and we encourage you to contact our office with any questions, concerns, or additional material for review. You can email us at
admission@bryant.edu
or call us at 1-800-622-7001.
Take Action
Visit
Get a firsthand look at life as a Bryant student.
Register
Virtual Tour
Apply
Find everything you need to guide you through the admission process.
Apply
Request Info