URL: https://www.bryant.edu/undergraduate/campus-life/student-support-services
TITLE: Student Support Services | Bryant University

Make Your Deposit: Deadline May 1
Vision 2030
Vision 2030, our strategic plan, is evolving the Bryant experience.
Learn How
About Bryant
At a Glance
Mission and History
Leadership and Faculty
Institutional Effectiveness and Strategy
Initiatives
AI at Bryant
Centers and Institutes
Global Advisory Council
Sustainability at Bryant
Wellbeing at Bryant
Connect
Partnering With Bryant
Smithfield Resources
Working at Bryant
Contact Us
Why Bryant
We transform students into leaders with the drive, vision, and experience to leave a legacy.
Learn How
Career Outcomes
Students achieve exceptional outcomes through career planning and the Amica Center for Career Education.
Explore Your Path
Our unique major-minor combination is a strength that leads to endless career possibilities.
Explore Your Path
Campus Life
Bryant’s vibrant community is a transformative place to live and learn.
Explore Campus Life
Clubs and Organizations
With over 100 student-run clubs, Bryant has something for everyone.
Athletics
Experience the competitive Bryant spirit firsthand through our athletic programs.
Our Campus
Residential Life
Student Support Services
Belonging and Wellbeing at Bryant
New Student Programs
Women’s Leadership at Bryant
Campus Map
Smithfield, RI, and Beyond
Academics
Discover your passions through Bryant’s interdisciplinary education.
Academics Overview
Experiential Learning
Experiential education is at the core of your Bryant experience.
Learn More
Colleges and Schools
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Business
School of Health and Behavioral Sciences
Learning at Bryant
Explore our labs, faculty, and academic programs.
Academic Departments
Academic Labs
General Education Curriculum
Honors Program
Our Faculty
View Our Programs
Admission
Take your first step toward becoming a Bryant Bulldog.
Learn More
Application Info
How to Apply
Tuition and Financial Aid
First-Year Students
International Students
Transfer Students
Admitted Students
Admitted Class Profile
Take Action
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Info
Take Our Virtual Tour
Important Dates
Fri, May 01
Deposit Deadline
Academics
Our graduate programs offer an interdisciplinary education that prepares students for impactful careers.
Learn More
Our Faculty
Our dedicated faculty members offer both industry expertise and personalized mentorship.
Meet Our Faculty
Our Programs
Explore our nationally recognized graduate programs.
All Programs
MBAs
Online
Certificates
Admission
Advance your career through one of our nationally recognized programs.
Learn More
Application Info
Tuition and Financial Aid
International Students
Important Dates
Take Action
Apply Now
Request Info
Contact Us
Graduate Blog
Important Dates
Mon, Apr 20
Online Programs: Summer 2026 Deadline Extended
Wed, Jul 15
On Campus Programs: Spring 2027 Priority Deadline
View All Deadlines
Self-Paced
Learn anytime, anywhere with flexible self-paced courses.
Instructor Led
Expert-led courses offer structure, support, and results.
Multiple Options
Choose the program format that works best for you.
Contact an Advisor
Need some advice on next steps? Connect with a Bryant Course Advisor to help.
Contact an Advisor
View all Certificates
Student Support Services
We believe that every student has a place in our vibrant community here at Bryant. We also understand that the transition to college life can be both exciting and challenging. That’s why our student support offices provide you with the resources you need to succeed — academically, socially, and personally. We are committed to helping you navigate and overcome challenges, discover your passions, and achieve your goals. Whether you’re seeking academic accommodations, looking for support with a health concern, or exploring opportunities to get involved on campus, our dedicated student offices will help you thrive.
At Bryant, you’re never alone on your journey. Our supportive community is here to make your college experience a transformative chapter in your life.
Health and Wellbeing
Your physical and mental health are essential priorities during your time at Bryant — and we have plenty of resources to support your wellbeing.
Wellbeing at Bryant
Counseling Services
The Office of Counseling Services offers a safe and confidential place for students to cope with changes and discuss personal challenges — completely free of charge.
Health Services
Located in Barrington House, Health Services provides on-site medical care and wellness programs by certified nurse practitioners.
Nutrition Counseling
Receive nutrition counseling from a registered dietitian to help you stay healthy and fit.
Public Safety
The Department of Public Safety (DPS) works to ensure a safe and secure environment for the Bryant community through 24/7 services, safety training, and emergency response.
Visit DPS
PwC Center
The PwC Center is dedicated to fostering a welcoming campus environment where every community member feels valued, respected, and a strong sense of belonging.
Belonging at Bryant
Machtley Interfaith Center and Campus Ministries
At Bryant, we’re committed to providing our students with opportunities to explore their faith and spirituality. The Ronald K. and Kati C. Machtley Interfaith Center offers a welcoming space for students of all beliefs and hosts events that promote understanding and respect for different religious traditions. Catholic, Jewish, Muslim, and Protestant chaplains also serve as sources of support and spiritual development for the entire community.
Visit the Interfaith Center
More Campus Resources:
Accessibility Services
The Office of Accessibility Services offers holistic support for students with disabilities by providing appropriate accommodations and fostering an inclusive learning environment for all.
Commuter Student Services
Resources like a commuter lounge, locker rentals, parking information, and organized events help our commuter students stay connected with campus life.
Student Affairs
Student Affairs is here to support your academic and personal growth, encouraging you to become an active and engaged member of the campus community.