URL: http://www.business.pitt.edu/alex-firestine-among-2023-best-and-brightest-undergraduate-business-majors
TITLE: Alex Firestine Among 2023 ‘Best and Brightest Undergraduate Business Majors’ - Pitt Business

Alex Firestine Among 2023 ‘Best and Brightest Undergraduate Business Majors’
Alex Firestine, a graduating senior from the
College of Business Administration
at Pitt, is among the
Top 100 Best and Brightest Undergraduate Business Majors
of 2023. The
list celebrates graduating undergraduate business students who are leaders inside and outside the classroom.
Firestine has academic concentrations in finance, business information systems, data analytics, and ethics.
Audrey Murrell
, professor of Business Administration, Psychology, and Public and International Affairs, said Firestine’s involvement inside and outside the classroom allowed him to “create social impact solutions that have sound business foundations to produce effective outcomes.”
The Future of Food Insecurity
Firestine
was recently named
a George J. Mitchell Scholar which sends future American leaders to Ireland for a year of graduate study. He is the University’s first-ever recipient of this prestigious national scholarship. He plans to study climate change, agriculture, and food security at the University of Galway beginning this fall.
Murrell has worked with Firestine through
Food21 of Pennsylvania
. Of Firestine, she said, “Once again, we see how his academic preparation, engagement in research, and strong community service shape his drive toward ethical leadership that has a sustainable impact on society, especially in terms of strategies to increase access to healthy and affordable food in the U.S. and globally.”
Firestine credited Murrell as his greatest mentor. Over the past four years, they collaborated on extensive research, discussion, and learning in the areas of sustainable food systems and servant leadership. “She taught my capstone class in Service Learning, has been my faculty mentor on numerous research fellowships, and co-authored my first publication. I’m immensely grateful for all the support Dr. Murrell has provided me,” he said.
Read Firestine’s full profile.
The Top 100 list for 2023 also includes Pitt Business graduating senior
Lauren McNichol
.