URL: http://www.business.pitt.edu/billy-qiu-among-2025-best-and-brightest-undergraduate-business-majors
TITLE: Billy Qiu Among 2025 ‘Best and Brightest Undergraduate Business Majors’ - Pitt Business

Billy Qiu Among 2025 ‘Best and Brightest Undergraduate Business Majors’
Billy Qiu, a graduating senior from the
College of Business Administration
at Pitt, is among the
Top 100 Best and Brightest Undergraduate Business Majors
from
Poets&Quants
. The list celebrates graduating students who are leaders inside and outside the classroom.
Qiu – a finance and supply chain management student – quickly realized that business is all about adaptability. “Markets, trends, and technologies evolve quickly, and staying flexible is key to success for the long term,” he says.
Going Above and Beyond
Stacy Nath served as Qiu’s academic advisor. She quickly noticed that he loves a challenge. With no Senioritis in sight, Qiu wanted to take additional courses to help him be more successful after graduation. “He not only saw the value in what the courses would offer, but how it would be crucial in the next phase of his professional path,” she says.
Nath notes that Qiu is a tremendous influence on underclassmen. Qiu has served as a first-year teaching assistant and peer mentor to his fellow Pitt Business students. “He does what he can to make a positive impact just by being who he is: a caring, driven, and dedicated individual who wants to make the most of every opportunity and do it with determination and compassion,” she says.
Qiu’s proudest achievement was receiving the Wilma F. Tabisz Memorial Award from Pitt Business. He says, “This recognizes my commitment to helping others and fostering progress within my community. This prestigious honor demonstrates my dedication to making a meaningful impact, whether through academic, extracurricular, or personal endeavors, and it serves as a reminder for me of the importance of supporting others and contributing to positive change.”
Mentorship is important to Qiu. He knows how important it is to share knowledge with others as they navigate the beginnings of their careers. He hopes to serve as a mentor through the many stages of his own career as a thank you to those that mentored him.
Qiu will join Newrez as a mortgage operations specialist after graduation. Read his
full profile
. The Top 100 list for 2025 also includes Pitt Business graduating senior Isabelle Layding. Read about her here.