URL: http://www.business.pitt.edu/lauren-mcnichol-among-2023-best-and-brightest-undergraduate-business-majors
TITLE: Lauren McNichol Among 2023 ‘Best and Brightest Undergraduate Business Majors’ - Pitt Business

Lauren McNichol Among 2023 ‘Best and Brightest Undergraduate Business Majors’
Lauren McNichol, a graduating senior from the
College of Business Administration
at Pitt, is among the
Top 100 Best and Brightest Undergraduate Business Majors
of 2023. The list celebrates undergraduate business students from the Class of 2023 who are leaders inside and outside the classroom.
McNichol – a finance, Spanish, and economics student – was not sure where her time at Pitt Business would take her. “What surprised me most about majoring in business is the versatility and specializations that you have the opportunity to explore. If you have a passion for another field or wanted to work in a specific line of business, those companies needed businesspeople,” she said. “There is so much room to work in not only a career that you were interested in – but also in an industry that you are passionate about.” After graduation, McNichol will be taking her talents to Citi as a full-time Sales & Trading Analyst in the Institutional Equities Group at the Philadelphia office.
Women in Business
McNichol, who credits her mother as her biggest supporter, has made a profound impact on women’s organizations at Pitt. McNichol’s proudest achievement was the completion of a new Seminar Series curriculum for members of
Smart Woman Securities
. Smart Woman Securities is a female-focused investment portfolio that trades real funds and focuses on educating members on relevant finance topics. “I decided to run for CEO of Smart Woman Securities because I strongly believed that the baseline curriculum could be improved,” she said. “I have heard that the lessons are engaging and enjoyable. I felt extremely fulfilled knowing the impact I was able to make. I am so grateful to have had the opportunity to spread knowledge and ensure a new generation of financial literacy.”
Audrey Murrell
, professor of Business Administration, Psychology, and Public and International Affairs, said, “Clearly Lauren has made an impact not only across our campus and community but has also expanded opportunities and pathways for the next generations of women in finance to pursue their passion while making a difference.”
Read McNichol’s full profile
. The Top 100 list for 2023 also includes Pitt Business graduating senior
Alex Firestine
.