URL: http://www.business.pitt.edu/logan-ryan-among-2024-best-and-brightest-undergraduate-business-majors
TITLE: Logan Ryan Among 2024 'Best and Brightest Undergraduate Business Majors' - Pitt Business

Logan Ryan Among 2024 ‘Best and Brightest Undergraduate Business Majors’
Logan Ryan, a graduating senior from the
College of Business Administration
at Pitt, is among the
Top 100 Best and Brightest Undergraduate Business Majors
from
Poets&Quants
. The list celebrates students from the Class of 2024 who are leaders inside and outside the classroom.
Ryan – a finance and economics student – was surprised at the depth of opportunities within the field of business: “I truly didn’t realize how many different paths there are to take career-wise, even just within one specific industry.”
Within the real estate industry, for example, he discovered a wide range of opportunities. “Within each of those, take commercial real estate for example, there are a variety of different ways in which you can go professionally such as into leasing or capital markets or occupier services – and even more concentration within those,” he said.
From the Classroom, to the City, to the World
Ryan credits one of his high school soccer coaches for inspiring his drive and ambition. In a bad game, the coach pulled Ryan to the sideline and told him, “Don’t let anyone write your story.” This moment of clarity changed the trajectory of his life and academic career.
When asked about his bucket list, Ryan said he would love to be involved with a nonprofit and teach part-time at a university. He said, “Inspired by my professor Peter Del Presto, who works as an adjunct teacher at Pitt, I would love to do the same and be able to use my professional experiences to help students push forward towards achieving their goals and help set them up for success in the industry.”
Becky Rhoades, associate director of Program Development and Adjunct Faculty at Pitt Business, said, “At Pitt Business, we have a motto of ‘From the Classroom to the City, to the World.’ If I think of a student who embodies all three of these core pillars, it is Logan Ryan. Maintaining a 3.8 GPA, seeking out his niche internships, and participating in internships abroad, he truly understood what it took to be a successful student at Pitt Business.”
Rhoades credits Ryan’s classroom and internship experiences but notes that his character and willingness to support his peers are how he’ll be remembered.
Read Ryan’s
full profile
. The Top 100 list for 2024 also includes Pitt Business graduating senior Melissa Atanasio.
Read about her here
.