URL: http://www.business.pitt.edu/melissa-atanasio-among-2024-best-and-brightest-undergraduate-business-majors
TITLE: Melissa Atanasio Among 2024 ‘Best and Brightest Undergraduate Business Majors’ - Pitt Business

Melissa Atanasio Among 2024 ‘Best and Brightest Undergraduate Business Majors’
Melissa Atanasio, a graduating senior from the
College of Business Administration
at Pitt, is among the
Top 100 Best and Brightest Undergraduate Business Majors
from
Poets&Quants
. The list celebrates graduating students who are leaders inside and outside the classroom.
Atanasio is majoring in marketing and human resources management, looking for future opportunities in a music or entertainment-based business. The accomplishment Atanasio is most proud of co-founding the
Music and Entertainment Business Association (MEBA)
at
Pitt Business
. This organization pairs passion with profession to help students and industry professionals connect. “Coming to Pitt, I knew there were music-based opportunities in the city, but I did not know where to start,” she said. “I am honored that I can play a part in helping other students to find their path into the industry, too.”
“If you don’t ask, you’ll never know!”
Most of her opportunities resulted from putting herself out there and starting conversations. This led her to fulfill seven jobs and internships simultaneously. She said, “No matter how daunting it may seem, connecting with someone may be the start of your next opportunity!”
Becky Rhoades, associate director of Program Development and Adjunct Faculty at Pitt Business, recognized Atanasio’s hard work inside and outside the classroom. Rhodes said, “The students who put in that extra effort to engage, ask questions, and seek out resources stand out immensely. Melissa made it a point from the start to work on developing herself professionally, may that be through growing her soft skills or hard/technical skills.”
Niche Business
What has surprised Atanasio most about majoring in business is the ability to select a niche. The versatility and transferability of business education was a key factor in her decision to pursue it. She said, “I was surprised to discover that the expansive, transferable foundation was going to enable me to select a niche and develop my personal brand. I may broadly be a marketer, but I’ve developed niche skills in music marketing, Google Ads strategy, influencer marketing, and brand management. This specialization has better enabled me to align my career path with my skills and passions.”
Read Atanasio’s
full profile.
The Top 100 list for 2024 also includes Pitt Business graduating senior Logan Ryan.
Read about him here
.