URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate Programs - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Pause
Spartans mean business.
Welcome to the Eli Broad College of Business, one of the largest
AACSB-accredited
undergraduate business programs in the world. Our top-ranked faculty combine multidisciplinary backgrounds to provide a diverse educational experience, and our career management team connects students with the networks they need to succeed.
Upon graduation, our students join the Broad alumni network of over 85,000 business and community leaders in all 50 states and 88 countries. They go on to inspire teams, drive innovation and make business happen.
1
in Supply Chain Management
Top-ranked nationally in SCM/logistics.
(U.S. News & World Report, 2026)
16
in Management
(U.S. News & World Report, 2026)
14
Undergraduate Program
Among public universities
(U.S. News & World Report, 2026)
We are wrapping technical skills, soft skills, new economy skills and knowledge around diversity, inclusion, ethics and integrity into the curricular experience. That is the future of business education.
Shannon Brecheisen
Assistant Dean of Undergraduate Academic Services
1.2K
Admitted Annually
461
Honors College Students
3.55
Average GPA
Dive Deeper
Undergraduate students in the Broad College of Business have choices. With seven business majors and nine business minors from which to select, Broad empowers students to tailor their business education to their specific interests and career goals.
Learn More
Students completing undergraduate programs in the Eli Broad College of Business receive a bachelor of arts degree. Broad undergraduate students are required to complete a core curriculum that exposes them to diverse subjects and develops well-rounded foundational business knowledge.
Learn More
Enrollment in the Broad College of Business is limited, and admission to the Broad College is competitive. Students with a strong work ethic, demonstrated scholarship and leadership abilities are encouraged to apply.
Admission is a two-step process: students must apply first to the Broad College, then to their intended major.
Learn More
The Broad career management team supports all business-interested students of all majors from freshman year through graduation. They are a full-service center dedicated to career coaching, career education and ultimately, Spartans transforming from successful students into successful alumni.
Learn More
Reach your maximum academic potential while utilizing the academic support offered by Michigan State and the Eli Broad College of Business. We offer a host of free support services—individual and group peer tutoring, and academic skills workshops—as well as space to gather and study with peers.
Learn More
Broad College academic advisors in the office of Undergraduate Academic Services (UAS) are coordinators of the business undergraduate experience. They provide critical information about academic programs and degree requirements, study abroad, leadership development, major choices, career options, policies and procedures and campus resources.
The UAS office can be reached via email at
undergrad@broad.msu.edu
or by phone at (517) 355-7605.
Learn More
Broad is a school unlike any other. The social climate and pure hunger that our students possess is infectious. When I walk into the Broad College every day, I feel the desire to be great.
Jalen Garrett
Finance
Prepared for Career Success
91%
Placement Rate
employed or continuing education
$56.8K
Average Starting Salary
$5.3K
Average Signing Bonus
Spartans Are Sought After
A strong, global network of alumni and corporate partners helps ensure Broad graduates have the opportunity to take their business degrees and thrive professionally. Employers recruiting our students span across all industries, from nonprofits to Fortune 100 companies.
Opportunities
The Residential Business Community (RBC) is a residential academic experience designed to support and enhance students’ development as business students in a diverse world. Students who participate in the RBC will experience support as they transition to college life and the MSU campus, gain access to resources for successful admission to the Broad College and careers in business, grow in cultural intelligence and leadership competency skills and develop a network of corporate recruiters and MSU alumni built throughout their college career.
Explore
The Financial Markets Institute (FMI) provides comprehensive training to a select group of highly motivated finance and accounting students at Broad. After joining the institute, student scholars pursue a challenging academic program aligned with their professional interests. Scholars are offered invaluable professional opportunities, such as co-managing a multi-million dollar investment fund and visiting financial services firms across the United States.
Explore
At Broad, one of our greatest assets is our diversity. Multicultural Business Programs (MBP) is a diverse, team-oriented group of academic specialists, graduate assistants and undergraduate students that represent a wide variety of cultural, economic and racial/ethnic backgrounds. MBP provides a number of opportunities for students within a supportive community.
Explore
Students who study abroad discover that stepping outside of their cultures to live and study in a foreign country influences their careers and educational choices, increases self-confidence, enhances cultural tolerance and understanding, and facilitates lifelong friendships. With more than 260 programs in more than 60 countries on all continents, there are opportunities for all students at Broad to bring a global perspective to their bachelor’s degree.
Explore
In conjunction with the Undergraduate Research Office at MSU, the Broad Undergraduate Research experience strives to increase opportunities for students to engage in scholarship and expand business knowledge.
Explore
I chose Broad for the opportunities and the people. There is an overwhelming sense of everyone—including your classmates, professors, and advisors—genuinely wanting you to succeed and doing whatever they can to help you.
Lauren Baywol
Marketing
Undergrads @ Broad
Student Stories
Meet Ennalyse Fretz, the 2026 Convocation Student Speaker!
Get to know Ennalyse ahead of her taking the stage at Spring Convocation on May 1, 2026.
Student Stories
Student View: Serving as CEO of Les Gourmets
Layla Dagle is a senior graduating with a degree in Hospitality Business from the Broad College of Business.
Student Stories
Broad’s Second Annual Private Equity Case Competition: A mission to grow
The Broad College of Business hosted the second annual Private Equity Case Competition on Apr. 3.
See More News
Get to know Broad.
Whether you’re a high school senior interested in business education, an admitted Michigan State student or a transfer student looking to come to MSU, we have options for you to learn more about Broad.
Visit Broad
Business Fee
Details regarding tuition and fees can be found on the Office of the Controller website under the heading “
Tuition and Cost Planning
.”
The Broad College of Business Admitted Students special program fee funds efforts and initiatives that directly impact and improve the education and experience for those students admitted to the Broad College. Over the years, these funds have been used to upgrade facilities, support new course development, and create co-curricular engagement opportunities. Most recently and into the future, these funds will be allocated to student engagement investments (e.g., Director of Student Engagement & Broad360 platform), academic advising support to reduce the student to advisor ratio, increased support to recruit & retain diverse and underrepresented student, increased merit and need-based scholarships, a new 1-credit course for admitted students to jump start their career search, and expansion of recitations for large lecture core courses.
Contact Us
Undergraduate Academic Services (UAS)
Eppley Center
667 N Shaw Ln E101
East Lansing, MI 48824
undergrad@broad.msu.edu
Phone:
(517) 355-7605
Explore
Majors & Minors
Student Opportunities
Admissions
Take Action Now
Take Action Now
Advising
Visit Broad
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824