URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/opportunities/dashney-womens-leadership-accelerator
TITLE: Dashney Women's Leadership Accelerator - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Pause
Expanding opportunities for women in business.
Critical to the success of the Broad College of Business in developing global transformational leaders is the advancement of women leaders. Thanks to a game-changing gift from a senior-level alumna, the Broad College has launched the Dashney Women’s Leadership Accelerator to provide select undergraduate students with experiential learning opportunities and coaching, preparing these DWLA Scholars to begin their professional lives with the ability and confidence to make an immediate impact. The DWLA Scholars opportunity is open to all Broad-admitted students who are rising juniors.
Vision
The Accelerator’s long-term goal is to increase the number of Broad College alumni in senior leadership and C-suite positions. In the short term, our focus is on equipping DWLA Scholars with the tools to navigate the transition from college to the business world prepared and eager to pursue leadership positions.
Mission
The Dashney Women’s Leadership Accelerator will propel its scholars on their leadership journey by building professional development skills combined with subject matter knowledge for success in career progression. Scholars will hone their skills through experiential individual and group opportunities.
What’s in the Accelerator for me?
If selected as a DWLA Scholar, you will benefit from one-on-one mentorship from the Accelerator’s director. Together, you will assess your leadership values, interests, abilities and areas for development, leading to a personal leadership development plan.
Programs led by the scholars, the director and/or guests will be offered in the areas of professional communication, effective negotiation, mentor and sponsor cultivation, balancing competing demands and capitalizing on challenges and setbacks.
The DWLA will serve as a trusted resource for new graduates as they transition into the professional world. These new graduates will then act as  mentors for current DWLA Scholars. As the number of DWLA graduates increases, continued programming based on their interests will be suggested.
What’s expected of DWLA Scholars?
As a DWLA Scholar, you will be expected to participate in the Accelerator’s programming. Unlike student organizations, DWLA  does
not
hold weekly meetings, but rather periodic workshops, speakers, etc.
As a DWLA Scholar, you will share your learning and experiences with others in the Broad College. In this way the impact of the Accelerator will be expanded. You will also participate in the recruitment and selection of future DWLA Scholars.
Meet The DWLA Scholars Fall 2025 Cohort
Meet The DWLA Scholars Spring 2025 Cohort
Meet The DWLA Scholars Fall 2024 Cohort
Cohort Archive
Meet the Cohorts from Previous Years
Meet The DWLA Scholars Spring 2024 Cohort
What credentials must I have and when can I apply to become a DWLA Scholar?
Applications will be open annually midway through spring semester to Broad-admitted students who are rising juniors:
Admitted to the Broad College
Will have junior status the following semester (specific graduation dates targeted each application period)
Academic success, as shown by having a minimum overall GPA of 3.2
College leadership experience in student organizations, student employment, community service, etc.
How does the application process work?
Interested students are strongly encouraged to meet with current DWLA scholars prior to applying. The DWLA uses a three-step application process with passage to each successive step contingent on top performance in the previous stage.
Step 1
Complete application
Step 2
Interview with the DWLA Director
Step 3
Interview with DWLA Scholars
Upcoming Information Sessions
SEE MORE EVENTS
Applications
Applications for Cohort 5 open March 10 and close on March 17, 2026.
From March 10-17, contact Helen Dashney (dashney@msu.edu) for access to the application.
DWLA In The News
First Lady Amy Guskiewicz Visits DWLA for Fireside Chat
Broad College of Business News Room
Read Now
DWLA celebrates first graduates, welcomes new cohort of scholars
Broad College of Business News Room
Read Now
Alumna makes game-changing gift to MSU to propel women graduates into the C-suite
Broad College of Business News Room
Read Now
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
What is the Dashney Women’s Leadership Accelerator?
The Dashney Women’s Leadership Accelerator is designed to support its members in developing the tools needed to successfully transition from college to career prepared to pursue leadership positions.
The Dashney Women’s Leadership Accelerator is often referenced as the DWLA.
What does the Dashney Women’s Leadership Accelerator offer?
DWLA Scholars participate in experiential activities to hone workplace abilities such as professional communication and negotiation approaches. They also prepare for post-graduate life through sessions on building and maintaining financial and personal well-being.
Students receive one-on-one mentorship from the DWLA Director. DWLA scholars work with the director each semester to grow a leadership skill of choice.
DWLA scholars form a supportive community on campus that extends into their professional lives.
Who are the current members of the Dashney Women’s Leadership Accelerator?
Members of the Dashney Women’s Leadership Accelerator are called DWLA Scholars. Learn about the DWLA Scholars in our member profile books. (
Fall 2024 Cohort
;
Spring 2025 Cohort
;
Fall 2025. Cohort
)
Who can apply to the Dashney Women’s Leadership Accelerator?
The Dashney Women’s Leadership Accelerator is open to any Broad College of Business admitted student who is a first semester junior or who will be a junior the next semester.
When are applications accepted?
Applications are accepted in March of each year. Attend a DWLA Information session or contact the DWLA Director for the application.
What application requirements must I meet?
Any student admitted to the Broad College of Business who is a first semester junior or who will be a junior the next semester.
A minimum overall GPA of 3.2.
Demonstrated leadership experience.
Still Have Questions?
Interested in becoming a DWLA Scholar? Learn more about the Accelerator by
sending an email
to DWLA Director Helen Dashney.
Broad Women in Business
Blogs
Boss moves: Four women leading with impact through the Broad Executive MBA
Four Broad EMBA alumnae approach their careers with leadership and a willingness to grow.
Giving Stories
From pioneer to philanthropist: Evelyn Kovacs’ lifelong impact on business and education
Broad alumna Evelyn Kovacs broke barriers in business and continues to empower future leaders through philanthropy.
Alumni Stories
Meet Diana Mejía, the 2025 Spring Global Engagement Fellow
Diana Mejía, MSU alum and CEO of Entirety LLC, returned to meet with Broad leadership and highlight global initiatives.
See More News
Contact Information
Director
Helen Dashney
Eppley Center
667 N Shaw Ln Rm E311
East Lansing, MI 48824
dashneyh@broad.msu.edu
Phone:
(517) 281-4030
View Profile
Take Action Now
Take Action Now
DWLA One-Pager
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824