URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/opportunities/wellness-resources
TITLE: Wellness Resources - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Your health and well-being matter to us. We’ve compiled a list of campus-wide resources to support your academic success, mental health, and cultural and personal identity.
Essential Resources
Broad Care Center
MSU Food Bank
Empowerment Closet
Mental Health
MSU Counseling and Psychiatric Service
MSU Center for Survivors
Thriving Campus: Community Referral Network
MSU Employee Assistance Program
MSU Trauma Services and Training Network
MSU Safe Place
Anxiety Toolkit
Health & Safety
MSU Student Health Services
Trans Health
MSU Police and Public Safety
Monetary Relief
Emergency Funding
Library Affordable Textbook Program
Scholarships
Academic Support
The Writing Center
MSU Resource Center for Persons With Disabilities
Economics Help Rooms
First-Generation and low income TRIO
Parents of first-generation students and international students
Office of the Ombudsperson
Math Learning Center
MBP Tutoring
Culture & Identity
Student Parent Resource Center
Gender and Sexuality Campus Center
MSU Multicultural Center
Migrant Student Services
Collegiate Recovery Community
MSU Hillel
MSU Religious Advisors Association
MSU Office for International Students and Scholars
Office of Cultural & Academic Transitions
Center for Veterans and Military Affiliated Students
FAME Resource Center
(for those who have experienced foster/kinship care)
Reporting Concerns
Office of Student Support and Accountability
Office for Civil Rights and Title IX Education and Compliance
Need Resource Support?
If you can’t find the resources you need above, schedule an appointment with Jessica Gray, our Student Wellness Coordinator. She can help you navigate resources on and off campus, provide non-life-threatening crisis support, and work with you to create a personalized plan tailored to your needs.
Schedule an Appointment
Get Beyond "I'm Fine."
On a regular basis, ask yourself and those around you how things are going with these five aspects of life. It’s an easy and effective way to keep tabs an your mental health.
– From Mercy Health’s How’s Your 5 Campaign
Read Mercy Health’s How’s Your 5 Campaign
How's Your 5
How’s school? Are you employed? Are you working too much, too little? Is it difficult? Are you in a new job or new school and having trouble adjusting?
How’s your family? Friendships? Are you getting along with other people? Do you have relationships that are difficult or strained? Do you feel loved by someone?
Are you taking the time to have fun and do the things that bring health and joy to your life? When’s the last time you had fun?
Are you sleeping too much, too little? Do you have trouble going to sleep, staying asleep or waking up?
Are you eating too much, too little, not the right things? Are you drinking too much, using drugs or alcohol to help cope with your stress?
Contact Information
Student Wellness Coordinator
Jessica Gray
Eppley Center
667 N Shaw Ln Rm E101N
East Lansing, MI 48824
grayjes2@msu.edu
View Profile
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824