URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/opportunities
TITLE: Student Opportunities - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Pause
Think outside the classroom.
Undergraduate Student Engagement
Through purposeful events and thoughtful content curation, we strive to create a community that gives every Broad student the opportunity to learn to grow and belong.
Broad 360 powered by Suitable tracks and validates Broad’s Integrative Experiences Requirement. The Suitable app serves as the hub for students to find all the Broad 360 experiential learning opportunities in one place and have fun along the way. Download the Suitable app on
iOS
and
Android
. All Broad students and Exploring Business Preference students can log in with their MSU NetID and Password.
Broad’s Integrative Experiences Requirement is an opportunity for students to absorb new information, challenge their understanding, take action and master new skills. It is an opportunity to reflect on their academic, co-curricular and professional accomplishments and opportunities for growth.
Learn, Grow, and Belong at Broad
Education Abroad
Students who study abroad discover that stepping outside of their cultures to live and study in a foreign country influences their careers and educational choices, increases self-confidence, enhances cultural tolerance and understanding, and facilitates lifelong friendships. With more than 260 programs in more than 60 countries on all continents, there are opportunities for all students at Broad to bring a global perspective to their bachelor’s degrees.
Start Your Journey
Residential Business Community
The Residential Business Community (RBC) is a residential academic experience designed to support and enhance students’ development as business students in a diverse world. Students who participate in the RBC will experience support as they transition to college life and the MSU campus, gain access to resources for successful admission to the Broad College and careers in business, grow in cultural intelligence and leadership competency skills and develop a network of corporate recruiters and MSU alumni built throughout their college career.
Explore the RBC
Multicultural Business Programs
At Broad, one of our greatest assets is our diversity. Multicultural Business Programs (MBP) is a diverse, team-oriented group of academic specialists, graduate assistants and undergraduate students that represent a wide variety of cultural, economic and racial/ethnic backgrounds. MBP provides a number of opportunities for students within a supportive community, including four active student organizations.
Discover MBP
Dashney Women’s Leadership Accelerator
Critical to the success of the Broad College of Business in developing global transformational leaders is the advancement of women leaders. Thanks to a game-changing gift from a senior-level alumna, the Broad College has launched the Dashney Women’s Leadership Accelerator (DWLA) to provide select undergraduate students with experiential learning opportunities and coaching, preparing these DWLA Scholars to begin their professional lives with the ability and confidence to make an immediate impact.
Learn about the DWLA
Financial Markets Institute
The Financial Markets Institute (FMI) provides comprehensive training to a select group of highly motivated finance and accounting students at Broad. After joining the institute, student scholars pursue a challenging academic program aligned with their professional interests. Scholars are offered invaluable professional opportunities, such as co-managing a multi-million dollar investment fund and visiting financial services firms across the United States.
Learn about the FMI
Student Organizations
All Broad students are encouraged to get involved in a student organization. Involvement in a student organization, and the leadership experience students can gain from that involvement, is an important part of the overall college experience. Broad student organizations provide additional opportunities to network, socialize, learn and enhance skills. When students are considered for internships, post-college employment or even the Broad admissions process, evidence of leadership experience sets students apart from other applicants.
Plug into a Student Organization
Undergraduate Research
In conjunction with the
Undergraduate Research Office
at MSU, the Broad Undergraduate Research experience strives to increase opportunities for students to engage in scholarship and expand business knowledge.
Explore the Research Experience
Service Learning
Broad students and organizations are encouraged to work in partnership with the
Center for Service-Learning and Civic Engagement
, which advances community engaged learning at MSU. Service learning prepares students for lifelong civic and social responsibility in an increasingly diverse and complex global society.
Connect with the CSLCE
Explore
Residential Business Community
Multicultural Business Programs
Financial Markets Institute
Student Organizations
Education Abroad
Undergraduate Research
Majors & Minors
Curriculum
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824