URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/programs
TITLE: Majors and Minors - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Pause
Get ready to build tomorrow’s business.
Undergraduate students in the Broad College of Business have choices. With 7 business majors and 11 business minors from which to select, Broad empowers students to tailor their business education to their specific interests and career goals.
Top 15
U.S. public undergraduate programs
(U.S. News & World Report, 2026)
#1
Supply chain management program
(U.S. News & World Report, 2026)
#11
Best undergraduate program for entrepreneurs
(Princeton Review & Entrepreneur magazine, 2025)
Major in your future.
Students completing undergraduate programs in the Eli Broad College of Business receive a bachelor of arts degree. Broad undergraduate students are required to complete a
core curriculum
that exposes them to diverse subjects and develops well-rounded foundational business knowledge. Within the undergraduate program, area requirements include writing, mathematics, integrative studies, basic disciplines and functional fields in business, and elective courses enhancing a student’s course of study.
Paired with the core curriculum is the
major field of concentration
(major), which is selected by each student upon
admission to the Broad College
. Each area of concentration allows students to dive deeper into their specific areas of interest and align Broad’s curriculum with their intended career path.
Within their major concentration, students learn from renowned faculty who are leaders in their respective industries and have the opportunity to collaborate with peers who share similar academic and professional goals.
Majors
Accounting prepares students for careers in public, managerial and governmental accounting. Public accountants are involved in auditing, in planning and in providing specialized advice on business problems, while managerial accounting pertains to generating the information needed to plan and control a company’s operations. Local, state and federal government agencies offer opportunities in governmental accounting.
Explore Major
The discipline of finance comprises corporate financial management, management of financial institutions and investments. An understanding of financial concepts, financial instruments and financial management decision-making are vital to each. Employment opportunities exist in industrial and brokerage firms, public utilities, banks, insurance companies, credit unions and agencies of government.
Explore Major
Students earn a highly versatile hospitality business bachelor of arts degree with a rigorous and relevant curriculum. The curriculum draws from general education, business and hospitality.
The B.A. in Hospitality Business is offered by The School of Hospitality Business. The School of Hospitality Business is the leader in hospitality business education and is
an independent school
within Broad. As such, students pursuing a B.A. in Hospitality Business are subject to different admission criteria, curricular requirements and access to career and internship resources than other majors.
Explore Major
This field of concentration focuses on personnel management in organizations, on the role and development of the manager as a leader and on the specific functions and mission of the personnel/human resources department. Entry-level positions are obtained in private and public enterprise and wherever the personnel function is departmentalized.
Explore Major
The management major allows students to explore courses in the following subject areas: accounting, finance, general business law, management, marketing and supply chain management. Students enjoy a high degree of flexibility in selecting courses to satisfy the major field of concentration requirement. The student’s program of study is designed within the context of the student’s personal, academic and career goals. Graduates of the management program may seek entry–level positions in business and government which require a breadth of knowledge within the general field of business, as well as specific business–related skills.
Explore Major
The marketing major stresses understanding of marketing concepts and tools, analytical application of the concepts and tools to achieve objectives, planning, implementation, control techniques and integration of marketing with other business functions and societal processes. Career opportunities are available in marketing management, market research, industrial sales, retail and sales management and many other areas.
Explore Major
Broad’s top-ranked supply chain management program integrates topics from manufacturing operations, purchasing, transportation and physical distribution into a unified program. The program offers integration among these critical, value-adding components to enhance global competitiveness.
Explore Major
Broad Undergraduate Profile
1.2K
Admitted Annually
3.8K
Total Enrollment
3.55
Average GPA
Your interests matter.
A minor is a secondary field of study at the undergraduate level that is supplementary to a student’s major. They’re a great way for business students to enhance their degree by gaining specialization in an area of interest beyond the major field of concentration.
Students can work with their advisors to learn which specific requirements apply to their degree program. The following minors can be combined with majors in accounting, finance, management, human resource management, marketing or supply chain management.
Minors
The minor provides students access to coursework that spans a wide range of business fields. Through exposure to relevant concepts, students will develop technical business skills and the ability to leverage those skills. This minor is designed to complement the material and competencies of undergraduate majors outside the Broad College of Business.
Explore Minor
Students gain a comprehensive understanding of entrepreneurial business issues built upon entrepreneurially focused research in core business disciplines including accounting, business law, finance, management and marketing.
Explore Minor
Covers the environmental sciences necessary for students considering careers that may involving sustainability and the “greening” of the economy.
Explore Minor
The Financial Planning and Wealth Management minor is designed to provide students with a solid understanding of the concepts and techniques used by wealth management advisors to help individual and institutional clients. As the industry continues to evolve, students will gain the necessary skills to help firms meet the expanding needs of their client base.
Explore Minor
Equips students as analytical thought leaders with innovative technology solution skills in real-world business settings. Many students in this minor pursue careers in systems consulting, business analysis and technology support.
Explore Minor
The Insurance and Risk Management minor is designed to provide students with a thorough understanding of risk management, both from a personal finance perspective as well as from a business perspective—Enterprise Risk Management.  As personal and business financial risks continue to emerge, effective risk management skills are essential for all business professionals.  The minor also provides a comprehensive study of the insurance industry and the critical role insurance plays in risk management.
Explore Minor
Popular with students who plan careers with an international orientation, this minor adds an international breadth to all areas of business. Students increase their understanding of various regions of the world and prepare for a global marketplace.
Explore Minor
Students prepare for a career in hospitality real estate development firms, acquisition and development departments within major hospitality companies, hospitality consulting or appraisal firms, and mortgage lenders specializing in hotels, real estate acquisition funds and asset management companies.
Explore Minor
Prepares students for careers in the field of retailing and financial retailing. This minor is particularly valuable to students in advertising and public relations, finance and food industry management.
Explore Minor
Provides students with the educational experiences, courses and training necessary to become successful sales agents and leaders in sales-intensive corporate settings. The minor also provides the management skills necessary to expand students’ careers in a manner consistent with their goals.
Explore Minor
Enhances students’ marketability for highly competitive careers in sports business management roles including sports associations and leagues, intercollegiate and professional sports organizations and teams, sports entertainment and media services, and firms that primarily supply the sports and entertainment industry.
Explore Minor
Minors at MSU
Michigan State University is proud to offer
more than 100
minors to help students customize their degrees. Broad students may enroll in any academic minor at MSU for which they meet the requirements.
Explore All Minors
Explore
Student Opportunities
Curriculum
Advising
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824