URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/opportunities/mbp
TITLE: Multicultural Business Programs - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
On This Page
Summer Business Institute
Summer Business Institute
Business Teams
Business Teams
Student Support
Student Support
Tutoring
Tutoring
Student Organizations
Student Organizations
Entrepreneur Leadership High School Camp
Entrepreneur Leadership High School Camp
Broad Outreach Supporting Students
Broad Outreach Supporting Students
Giving to MBP
Giving to MBP
Contact
Contact
Pause
Our greatest asset is our diversity
Multicultural Business Programs (MBP)  guides students through genuine advocacy, empowerment strategies and initiatives in order to ensure their success as future business leaders.
Our vision is to inspire, support, and build a legacy of diverse, distinguished, successful business leaders who positively impact the world.
MBP is open to students without restriction or preference based on race, sex, color, ethnicity, national origin or other protected personal identity.
slideshow has a previous and next buttons
Summer Business Institute
The
Summer Business Institute
(SBI) is a unique bridge opportunity designed for incoming freshman business majors at Michigan State University.
The purpose of SBI is to create exciting activities
and learning experiences for students as they
transition to college. Students attend training workshops conducted by top corporate professionals and academic seminars conducted by experienced MSU faculty and staff.
MSU invests in future MBP students by providing this valuable opportunity free of charge. Successfully completing SBI will launch students into the Eli Broad College of Business at MSU and set them up for a successful academic and professional career.
Business Teams
Business Teams
is a collaboration between MBP and MSU Athletics that brings together teams of five business students to support and coach student-athletes on how to navigate the NIL space. Established in 2022, the program gives business students real-life work experience and gives student-athletes a team that boosts their knowledge, confidence, business acumen, all while giving them more time to explore and capitalize on their name, image and likeness. Because of the program’s success in its first year, Business Teams has grown to include more students and student-athletes and has also helped catapult MSU into the forefront of the NIL space.
Student Support
MBP offers students a broad range support. We work with students to identify individual strengths, values, interests and goals by providing:
support and guidance early on in students’ academic careers;
S.P.A.R.K.: Students Providing Advantages, Resources and Knowledge, an MBP student ambassador program;
the Level Up Academic Center, a welcoming space where students can study, connect, and engage with fellow Broad Students (mural in Level Up is pictured above);
access to the
Empowerment Closet
, a private fitting room in the Level Up Academic Center where students can try on and borrow business attire for interviews, presentations and more;
an open-door policy with our team in order to support continuing success;
effective student utilization of university and college resources, including academic and career advising;
motivational extra-curricular activities.
Tutoring
The Multicultural Business Program offers free tutorial services to undergraduate students during the fall and spring semesters on a first-come-first-serve basis. This service provides approximately 200–350 students each semester with support in certain core business courses. Our tutors help students review concepts and practice problem solving and applications for these specific courses.
MBP currently offers tutorial assistance in the following courses:
●ACC 201                     ●ACC 202
●EC 201                        ●EC 202
●MTH 103 A                 ●MTH 103 B
●CSE 102                      ●STT 200
Find a Tutor
Students are assigned tutorial sessions on a semester-by-semester basis. These tutorial sessions meet twice a week and occur on either Mondays and Wednesdays, or Tuesdays and Thursdays. Sign up for MBP’s tutorial services begins during the first week of class each semester. Due to student demand, tutorial sessions fill up fast, and usually all tutorial spaces are full within the first three weeks of the semester. Applications are available online.
Register
Become a Tutor
Applications are accepted on a rolling basis. Tutorial positions are filled primarily through advance hiring at the end of each semester for the following academic semester. However, some vacancies are filled at the beginning of each semester due to increased student demand. Applications are available online by clicking the apply button below.
Reminder: If you drop the course you are being tutored in and want to cancel your tutorial session, wish to change the subject in which you are being tutored, or need to update your schedule of availability, you will need to contact the tutorial coordinator at (517) 353-3524.
Apply
MBP Student Organizations
Student organizations are a great way to become involved with Multicultural Business Programs. They give you a chance to meet students with similar interests, develop your leadership and communication skills, learn about corporations and attend conferences.
Membership is open to all MSU students, including non-business majors who have interest in the business field. Membership dues are $30 a year for your first organization and $10 for each additional organization.
Organizations
Established in 2024, APIDA Enterprise is a place for students to celebrate and uplift APIDA (Asian Pacific Islander Desi American) cultural identity as well as Broad identity.
APIDA Enterprise - Instagram
Black and Broad was established in June 2022 as a Broad Student Organization for the 2022-23 academic year. More information on the organization and its mission is can be found on Instagram @blackandbroad.
Black and Broad
The Broad International Student Council promotes an inclusive community for international students in the Eli Broad College of Business by supporting professional, academic, and personal development. Their mission is to integrate a diverse international culture within the Broad community, create a platform to advocate for the international student community as well as connect international students to faculty, alumni and other mentors.
Broad International Student Council (BISC) - Instagram
Multicultural Business Students (MBS) of MSU represents a diverse group of students in the Broad College of Business and related majors. Activities include professional development workshops, an annual leadership retreat and a holiday reception.
Multicultural Business Students (MBS)
Lifting as We Climb
The National Association of Black Accountants of MSU (NABA) is an undergraduate professional student organization representing a diverse group of students in the Broad College of Business and related majors.
NABA offers different opportunities to those who participate through bi-weekly meetings. NABA is not only a local organization at MSU, but is also a national organization. NABA hosts social events, facilitates tutoring and organizes activities such as corporate site visits.
National Association of Black Accountants
Native American and Hispanic Business Students (NAHBS) focuses on developing its membership as professionals, strengthening their bond as a family away from home and giving back to the community. By fostering these three facets, NAHBS develop dynamic, impactful Spartan leaders. NAHBS activities include social events, professional development workshops and the Native American and Latino Outreach Program.
Native American and Hispanic Business Students
The Women in Business Students’ Association (WBSA) is a student organization that is part of Multicultural Business Programs within the Broad College of Business. WBSA provides students with an opportunity to establish relationships with Fortune 500 companies at bi-weekly membership meetings and other annual events. WBSA provides students with the opportunity to build personal bonds with other students with similar interests.
Women in Business Students’ Association
Broad Spartan Pride  is a student organization that builds relationships between Broad student populations, faculty, staff, alumni, and corporations that are focused on LGBTQ+awareness. Furthermore, Spartan Pride provides professional networking opportunities, promotes a safe and supportive environment for students, faculty, and staff, and facilitates professional development focused on representation for LGBTQ+ individuals in Business.
Spartan Pride
Entrepreneur Leadership High School Camp
The
Entrepreneur Leadership High School Camp
is a free, four-day camp for rising high school juniors and seniors that was created by MSU Broad College of Business
Burgess Institute for Entrepreneurship & Innovation
and the Multicultural Business Programs in order to fully-immerse students in the venture creation process while allowing them to learn the entrepreneurial mindset.
Throughout the camp, students will better understand how to navigate challenges to success based on their identities, develop themselves as young rising professionals, have structured opportunities to build professional capital with accomplished mentors who reflect their identities, and become familiar with MSU and the college experience. Participants will complete the program empowered, courageous and confident in their identity and their ability to serve as gamechangers in the classroom, in venture creation, and in life.
Apply by April 10 for Summer 2026
Broad Outreach Supporting Students
Broad Outreach Supporting Students (BOSS) is a free program that brings high school students from diverse backgrounds to Broad College of Business for a series of informative sessions to learn about the different career pathways in business. BOSS offers students insight into the admissions process, college preparation advice, and an opportunity to engage with current Broad faculty and students in meaningful ways.
Throughout the program, students will better understand the opportunities available to them here at Broad and how Multicultural Business Programs can support their success. Students will be connected with resources here on campus, learn more about Michigan State University as well as have an opportunity develop their business etiquette throughout the program. Students will also attend presentations from Broad faculty and hear from student panelists who reflect their identities about their experiences.
Multicultural Business Success Academy
Multicultural Business Success Academy (MBSA) is a program designed for students who are a part of the Summer Business Institute that extends the experience into the freshman year by providing additional resources and support toward students on their road to success. MBSA offers a three-credit course called BUS 291. This hybrid course includes online and in-class participation.
Explore MBSA
MBP News
Audio
Broad Matters Season 9 Episode 1: NIL Business Teams
The Broad College of Business is transforming the Name, Image, and Likeness (NIL) space in college athletics
Student Stories
Empowering Diverse Futures with Broad Graduate Programs Roundtable
The business roundtable event featured a panel discussion of undergraduate and current MBA students.
Student Stories
Standout college resources supporting Broad students every step of the way
Dive into the college’s many resources that empower success in business and offer a sense of community and belonging.
See More News
Advisory Board
The Multicultural Business Programs Advisory Board is made up of MBP alumni who are committed to MBP’s vision of encouraging students from all cultural, economic and racial/ethnic backgrounds to pursue higher education, a business degree and a professional business career.
The MBP staff invited a select group of alumni to apply for the advisory board and interviewed each candidate extensively. Advisory board members were selected based on their commitment to the MBP vision, their professional experiences and their passion for student success. The advisory board has two formal meetings each academic year, and board members are involved in various student activities and programs.
Giving to MBP
With your help, the Multicultural Business Programs at Eli Broad College of Business can continue to build and support an exceptional student body. Financial support is vital to our students’ success as it allows students from different backgrounds and financial status to grow and prosper at Broad College of Business.
Give Now
Corporate Partners
Multicultural Business Programs is grateful for the continued financial and in-kind support from our corporate partners. Corporate representatives make a critical contribution to MBP’s effectiveness by investing time teaching, inspiring and mentoring MSU students. The partnership between the MBP staff and our corporate partners is necessary for student success.
Contact Information
The MBP Team is here for you and welcome you to visit us anytime.
Multicultural Business Programs
Eppley Center, RM E108-E113
667 N Shaw Ln
East Lansing, MI 48824
mbp@broad.msu.edu
Phone:
(517) 353-3524
Instagram: @MBP_msu
Director
Ed Tillett
tillett@broad.msu.edu
View Profile
Associate Director
Darrell King
king@broad.msu.edu
View Profile
Assistant Director for Strategic Partnerships, Alumni and Employer Relations
Marquis Taylor
tayl3742@msu.edu
View Profile
Program Coordinator
Yen Hannah
phamhong@msu.edu
View Profile
Office Assistant
Noah Goldblatt
goldbl16@msu.edu
Special Projects Coordinator
Lauren Aitch-Guerrant
aitchlau@broad.msu.edu
Communications Coordinator
Katie Gallagher
galla336@msu.edu
Phone:
(517) 353-3524
MSU Multicultural Center
Michigan State University is engaging in the early stages of building a campus multicultural center.
Explore MSU Multicultural Center
Explore
Multicultural Business Success Academy
Multicultural Business Students
National Association of Black Accountants
Native American and Hispanic Students
Women in Business Students' Association
Residential Business Community
Take Action Now
Take Action Now
Tutoring
Give to MBP
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824