URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/curriculum/internships
TITLE: Internships - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Pause
Earning credit for internships and cooperative education.
Although an internship is not required for graduation (except for
hospitality business
majors), work experience in your chosen major field is strongly recommended.
Per
Broad College curriculum
, students are allowed a maximum of three credits of internship or other work experience to count toward the required elective credits for graduation. Internship credit cannot fulfill a Broad core or major field requirement.
Internship Credit Opportunities
ACC 493 Internship
1 credit
Professional internship in public, industrial or governmental accounting under faculty supervision.
Students may earn a maximum of three credits in all enrollments of this course. Contact
Joe Courtade Moon
for information and access to the course.
ACC 493 Enrollment Instructions
SCM 293 Cooperative Education for Business Students
1 credit
Integration of pre-professional educational employment experiences in industry and government with knowledge and processes taught in the student’s academic program. Educational employment assignment approved by the Department of Supply Chain Management.
This course is offered to Broad College of Business students who are receiving financial aid or are not U.S. citizens and therefore must maintain full-time enrollment status in fall and/or spring semesters while completing an internship. Contact the instructor
Kelly Lynch
for information and access to the course. When you email the instructor, please include the following information:
What is you major?
Who will your employer be?
What is your job title?
When do you start and end your employment?
Where will you physically be located?
Provide documentation of your job offer and acceptance.
Provide a copy of your current résumé.
SCM 293 Syllabus
Explore
Career Services
Advising
Curriculum
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824