URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/scholarships
TITLE: Scholarships - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Pause
There is more than $250,000 in funds available.
Application Requirements
Applicants must be admitted to the Broad College by the end of spring semester.
Applicants who are transfer students must earn at least 24 credits at MSU by the end of spring semester.
A minimum of a 3.0 cumulative MSU GPA is required for consideration.
Apply Now
Complete your scholarship application today. The application is available March 1–July 15.
Apply for Scholarships
Departmental Scholarships
Several academic departments in the Broad College sponsor scholarships for undergraduate students, including the departments of Accounting and Information Systems, Finance and Supply Chain Management.
Accounting and Information Systems
The
Department of Accounting and Information Systems
(AIS) stewards an active scholarship program. Several accounting firms and individuals make contributions to more than 50 different scholarships, helping accounting students achieve their academic goals.
To apply for an AIS undergraduate scholarship, you must be an admitted accounting major or a business admit who intends to be an accounting major. You may receive more than one undergraduate scholarship. Selection criteria include one or more of the following:
academic achievement
financial need as determined by FAFSA
college activities and responsibilities
work experiences
Please contact
Fred Jacobs
with questions regarding accounting scholarships.
Finance
The Department of Finance puts a lot of effort into helping Finance students to deal with the increasing cost of education. Several alums and professors helped us to create several scholarships that are based on both needs and merit. We also have student scholarships in individual programs (Wealth Management, CFA, Insurance and Risk Management, and Education Abroad). Each academic year, we plan to award between 30 and 40 scholarships totaling around $80,000. For more general information please refer to
the department’s scholarship page
.
To apply for those undergraduate scholarships, you must be an admitted Finance major or a business admit who intends to be a Finance major. The exact conditions for each will be posted at
MSU Scholarships
.
Corporate Scholarships
There are a number of Broad College corporate partners and their foundations that have endowed scholarships for Broad undergraduate students.
Private & Individual Scholarships
Kittie Handy Fuller Scholarship Fund
Donor: Merrill S. Fuller
Arthur P. and Christine E. Ronan Family Endowed Scholarship
Donor: Arthur P. and Christine E. Ronan
Ronald L. Barnes Memorial Endowed Undergraduate Scholarship
Donor: Jack W. and Betty J. Barnes
William Beardsley International Business Scholarship
Donor: John T. Becker
Philip and Viola May Endowed Scholarship for the Eli Broad College of Business
Donor: Philip J. and Viola H. May
Jack W. and Joan M. Wiltz Business and International Trade Scholarship
Donor: Jack W. and Joan M. Wiltz
Evelyn and Robert Scheffel Undergraduate Business Scholarship
Donor: Evelyn M. and Robert J. Scheffel
Howard O. Emorey Endowed Scholarship in Business
Donor: Howard O. Emorey
Daniel M. Ross Endowed Scholarship in the Eli Broad College of Business
Donor: Daniel M. Ross
Peter Ho Scholarship for International Business Studies
Donor: Alexander J. Ho
Earl F. McCracken and Louis J. Steiner Endowed Scholarship in Business
Donor: Earl D. and Mary K. McCracken
Hibbert Family Foundation Scholarship Endowment
Donor: Donald R. Hibbert and Marilyn V. Hibbert
Robert Carl and Reedie Jeffares Scholarship in Business
Donor: Stuart P. Jeffares
Larry and Anne Edwards Endowed Undergraduate Scholarship in the Eli Broad College of Business
Donor: Larry A. and Anne Edwards
Renee Firestone Endowed Scholarship Established by Tom and Dan Weinman
Donor: Thomas F. Weinman and Dan F. Weinman
Charles C. and Janet O. Stoddard Endowed Undergraduate Scholarship in Business
Donor: Charles C. and Janet O. Stoddard
John R. and Deborah R. Phillips Endowed Scholarship in Business
Donor: John R. and Deborah F. Phillips
Jennifer Mulder Bauer Endowed Scholarship
Donor: John A. and Elinore L. Mulder
The Bruce R. Leech Endowed Scholarship in Business
Donor: Family and Friends of Bruce R. Leech
John and Ann Barbara Petro Scholarship Fund
Donor: Linda M. Petro Ulrey and Laurence A. Ulrey, M.D.
Victor and Alta Nelson Scholarship Fund
Donor: Lynn C. Myers
George H. and Gertrude J. Schiff Endowment Fund
Donor: Gertrude J. Schiff
Richard and Denise Czepinski Family Endowed Scholarship Fund
Donor: Richard and Denise Czepinski
Michael L. Seneski Endowed Scholarship Fund
Donor: Michael L. Seneski
Julie Fasone Holder and John Holder Endowed Scholarship Fund
Donor: Julie Fasone Holder and John Holder
Ronald and Marvel Jones Scholarship Fund
Donor: Ronald and Marvel Jones
The Eugene J. Wilczak Endowed Scholarship in Business
Donor: Peggy Wilczak
William and Bertha Barber Endowed Scholarship
Donor: William and Bertha Barber
Dan & Luana Romanelli Endowed Scholarship
Donor: Dan & Luana Romanelli
Grissim Family Endowed Scholarship in Business
Donor: John B. and Linda A. Grissim
John P. Marakas Memorial Scholarship Fund
Donor: Christopher D. Marakas and Lauren S. Marakas
The Kent Family MSU Endowed Scholarship for Eli Broad College of Business
Donor: Betty Kent
Crandell Family Business Scholarship
Donor: Bert and Lindy Crandell
Jeffrey L. and Janet L. Herrington Scholarship Fund
Donor: Jeffrey L. and Janet Herrington
Edward R. and Jeannine W. James Broad Evans Scholar Endowment Agreement
Donor: Edward R. and Jeannine W. James
Khaledan Endowed Scholarship in Business
Donor: Farzad Khaledan
Nancy A. Dunn Scholarship
Donor: Nancy A. Dunn
Patrick and Esther Keegan Endowed Scholarship for Veterans in the Broad College of Business
Donor: Mrs. Esther V. Keegan, Mr. Patrick G. Keegan, and Mr. Michael J. Keegan
Jay and Jill Craig Scholarship Fund
Donor: Jeffrey (Jay) and Jill Craig
Yuze Frank Wang Scholarship
The Clark Family Scholarship Fund
Donor: Jeffrey S. Clark
David M. Cassard Endowed Scholarship in the Broad College of Business
Donor: David M. Cassard and Cara V. Cassard
Charles Fratcher Foundation Trust
Donor: Charles Wilson Fratcher
Richards & Cady Wealth Advisors Scholarship
Donors: Jeffrey Richards and Dean Cady
Erik M. Pedersen Endowed Scholarship in Accounting and Information Systems
Donors: The David A. and Kay A. Pedersen Family
National/International Fellowships & Scholarships
Are you interested in:
Leadership?
Service/Entrepreneurship?
Making a difference?
Academic excellence?
Apply for prestigious scholarships for graduate school!
Plan your future graduate school path early by contacting the NIFS Office to get started!
National/International Fellowships & Scholarships Office
434 Farm Lane
Room 186, Bessey Hall
East Lansing, MI 48824
Phone: 517-884-7650
Email:
nifs@msu.edu
Explore
MSU Scholarships
Student Opportunities
Curriculum
Take Action Now
Take Action Now
Apply for Scholarships
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824