URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/standard
TITLE: Standard Admission - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Pause
Admission to the Broad College for current MSU students
This information is for current MSU students who plan to apply to the Broad College through the current student standard admission process, and applies to students seeking a degree in the following majors: accounting, finance, human resource management, management, marketing, and supply chain management;
hospitality business has separate requirements
.
This information does not apply to students at other institutions who plan to apply to MSU and the Broad College through the
transfer application process
, or the
direct admission from high school process
.
Standard Admission to the Broad College
Admission to the Broad College of Business is limited and competitive; academic factors, non-academic factors, and an option statement of extenuating circumstances are considered. Students with a strong work ethic, demonstrated scholarship and leadership abilities are encouraged to apply. All applicants must comply with the
Broad Policy Statement
for undergraduate students.
Students admitted to the Broad College via the standard admission pathway will be admitted immediately to the degree-granting major of their choice.
Application Timeline
Spring 2026
Application Opens
: January 21, 2026 at 12:00pm
Deadline to Begin a New Application
: March 12, 2026
Experiential Profile & Case Study Deadline
: March 12, 2026, at 5:00pm (ET)
Spring 2026 Transfer Course Documentation Deadline
: May 14, 2026, at 9:00am (ET)
Spring 2026
Admission Decisions Completed
: May 15, 2026 (decisions sent via Registrar’s Office Confidential Message after 5:00pm (ET))
Fall 2026*
Application Opens
: September 2026 – dates to be determined
*There is no admission in the summer.
Apply for Standard Admission
Students should apply during the fall/spring semester in which they will complete the requirements.
Apply Online
Information Sessions
Admission Information Sessions
Topics addressed include: Broad College application process, academic and non-academic admission factors, resources for completing the non-academic factors, and explanation of the admission decision process. A recording will be posted online after the live sessions conclude.
February 2  4:45-6:00pm  112 Brody Hall
February 10  6:00-7:15pm  102 Conrad Hall
February 19  6:30-7:45pm  N100 Business College Complex
February 26  4:00-5:15pm
Zoom (register in advance with MSU login)
Class Schedule Planning Session
This session will assist current applicants in planning for next semester’s courses should they be admitted to Broad. A recording will be sent to current applicants after the live sessions conclude, including directions to request a personalized schedule plan.
March 18  4:00-4:30pm  Zoom
Registration link will be sent to applicants after the application deadline – this session is for current applicants only
Information sessions are intended for current MSU students applying for admission to the Broad College of Business through the standard admission process this semester. All applicants are strongly encouraged to attend.
Students can choose the session that fits their schedule. Students must bring their MSU ID to in-person sessions; Zoom sessions require registration. A recording of the session will be posted after the last date.
Presentation Files
Admission Information Session Slides
Admission Information Session Presentation Recording
Case Study Instruction Video*
*
Case study registration & access instructions are the same for Spring 2026 as in prior semesters (see Application Timeline, above, for current deadlines)
Academic Factors (Required)
Minimum criteria to apply (complete by the end of the application semester)*
*Beginning with the
Fall 2025
application cycle (application opens mid-September), the following criteria will be in effect:
Completion of at least 28 credits
Completion of the following College Precore courses (credit must be earned):
EC 201 (accepted substitutions: EC 251H, EC 301)
EC 202 (accepted substitutions: EC 252H, EC 302)
STT 200 or STT 201 or STT 315 (accepted substitutions: STT 180, STT 231, STT 351, STT 421, STT 441, PSY 295)
Tier I Writing Course: WRA 101 or 195H, LB 133, MC 111, MC 112, RCAH 111 (WRA GCU does not satisfy this requirement)
Academic factors included
College Precore GPA
Precore course equivalents taken at MSU are used in the College Precore GPA calculation.
Only MSU grades are used in the College Precore GPA calculations, with the following exceptions:
If all College Precore courses are completed at an institution other than MSU, transfer grades and test credit GPA substitutions must be used.
If only one MSU precore grade is present, transfer College Precore grades and test credit GPA substitutions will be reviewed (if inclusion of all grades/substitutions benefits the student).
If multiple courses that fulfill a specific College Precore requirement are completed (not as course repeats), the first completed course grade that meets the requirement will be used in College Precore GPA calculation.
Cumulative GPA
Only MSU grades are used in the cumulative GPA calculation.
Non-Academic Factors (Required)
Experiential Profile
An online experiential profile considering the following qualities:
Level of passion as shown by demonstrated enthusiasm for business
Tangible connection made between experience and business principles
Level of responsibility demonstrated by increased level of duties and/or responsibilities
Duration of experience demonstrated by total hours
Case Study
A writing prompt addressing current business themes, as related to the applicant’s experiences.
The purposes of including non-academic factors in the college-level admission decision process are to enhance the student’s educational experience through the process, to recognize attributes employers and industries value in the process, to acknowledge qualities that are valued by and consistent with the mission of the Broad College, and to include appropriate factors considered as indicators of success by the admissions review committee.
The approach includes meaningful self-reflection and teachable moments regarding integrity, initiative, professional relationships, work experience and co-curricular activities as they relate to the business world with the experiential profile, and the case study is consistent with the five key dimensions of personal and social responsibility of the AAC&U leadership initiative.
Statement of Extenuating Circumstances (Optional)
The  statement of extenuating circumstances is an opportunity for a student to share a circumstance beyond his/her control that might have impacted academic performance. Official supportive documentation of the extenuating circumstance must accompany the statement. Specific instructions are included in the application.
Admission to a Degree-Granting Major
Students are admitted directly to the degree-granting major of their choice upon admission to the Broad College. Specific majors are not restricted/limited enrollment; students indicate their major preference inside the Broad College Standard Admission application.
Note: The major choice in the application does not preclude students from switching majors after admission.
Frequently Asked Questions: Application and Decision Process
How do I apply for admission to the Broad College?
See the “Apply for Standard Admission” section, above, to begin your application. Do not begin an application if you are not actually qualified to apply in this particular semester.
I am applying for the second, third, etc. time. Will my previous application content (case study, experiential profile) be used in this semester’s application?
No. Students must complete and submit new application content. Scores and content from previous semesters will not be carried over and used in the current application.
I started an application, but I am not planning to apply this semester. Can I cancel my application?
You must submit your cancellation request to
admissions@broad.msu.edu
If your application is cancelled, your non-academic factors will not be scored.
Can I include extra material with my application?
Resume? NO.
Interview? NO.
Letters of recommendation/references? NO.
Video statement? NO.
If any of these items are sent to the Broad College, they will not be accepted as part of a student’s application.
How many points are assigned to each part of the Broad College application process?
Academic Factors: 120 points possible (see Academic Factor Point Chart in the Admission Information Session slides)
Experiential Profile: 30 points possible
Case Study: 24 points possible
Total: 174 points possible
What is the admission rate?
The number and percentage of admitted students varies by semester. Admission numbers/rates are impacted by available seats in the college and the size of the applicant pool; these numbers vary by semester. Over the past two years, 34-44% of eligible applicants were admitted per semester.
If I am denied admission, can I reapply?
Reapplication is an available option, but you should carefully consider whether this is the best plan for you. Students who are considering reapplying should meet with a Broad academic advisor to discuss their previous application, scores, academic situation and best strategy for a future application. Reapplying is often a sound option, but not always; each student’s situation is unique. Advising options are available following each decision cycle to facilitate this discussion.
The Broad College does not currently limit students to a specific number of attempts.
If I am denied admission, can I appeal the decision?
Students can appeal an admission decision until the posted deadline. See the Admission Decision Appeals section of this page for appeal process information after decisions are sent out for the current application period. Information is also included in the decision letter. It is important to note that non-academic factors will not be rescored as part of the appeal, and documentation for issues raised in an appeal is required for full consideration.
Can I apply for admission in the summer?
No. Students may apply in the fall or spring semester they are completing (or have already completed) the academic requirements.
Can I apply for admission if I am not enrolled in the current semester?
Students who
have matriculated to MSU in a previous semester and have completed at least one class at the undergraduate level
, but are not enrolled in the current semester, are eligible to apply for admission in the fall or spring (not summer – see question above).
Students who have been admitted to MSU but
have not yet begun undergraduate-level MSU courses
are not eligible for Broad College admission via the standard admission process.
Frequently Asked Questions: Academic Factors
I took both STT 200 and STT 315 (or other approved STT courses). Which course will be used for the College Precore GPA?
The first chronological non-repeatable grade earned in a precore course will be used in all future applications to calculate the precore GPA (substitute course grades taken later cannot be used).
Example: Spring 2025 grade in STT 315 cannot replace Fall 2024 grade in STT 200
Can I transfer in a College Precore course(s)?
Per MSU policy, students may earn transfer credit in any course
if a course at another school is approved for transfer as the MSU equivalent
. See
Transfer MSU
for currently approved equivalencies. The Broad College accepts all course-specific transfer equivalencies the same as they are listed on Transfer MSU. Note that “GCU” (general credit) will not fulfill College Precore courses.
I took a class at another school in a previous semester. How can I make sure it is considered as part of my application?
Transfer courses from prior semesters must be reflected as “accepted credit” on a student’s MSU academic record by
May 13, 2026
. Unofficial documentation (such as is accepted for current semester dual-enrolled courses, see next question) will NOT be accepted.
Students are responsible for making sure that official transcripts from other schools arrive at MSU and are added to their academic record in the months between the course end date and the current semester deadline.
I’m taking a class at another school this semester. How can I make sure it is considered as part of my application?
To make sure your transfer course is considered in this semester’s admission decision, complete the following steps:
Declare this course as part of your Broad application (there is a place in the application for you to disclose this information).
Submit an unofficial transcript or a screenshot of your grade report (must include your name, the course code, name of school and the grade)
via email
to the Broad undergraduate admissions director, by
9:00am, May 14, 2026
. The grade report must be a final grade officially posted by that school (similar to MSU’s SIS grade report,
not
a D2L-type report). Information not submitted by the deadline will not be considered in the current semester admission decision; you may apply again in the next application period.
Late submission of this information, for any reason, will not be considered a valid reason to appeal an admission denial/ineligible decision.
Work with that school to have an official transcript sent to the MSU Office of Admissions as soon as possible (we will follow up a few weeks into the next semester to make sure all transcripts have been received). Do not have official transcripts sent to any other location, including the Broad College. Official transcripts should be sent electronically via the other institution’s request form. The MSU Office of Admissions email address (often required as part of the transcript request) is
admis@msu.edu
.
I received AP/IB/CLEP/A Level credit. How will this be used for admission?
Credit in College Precore Courses earned via AP/IB/CLEP will translate into a 4.0 GPA equivalency for the College Precore GPA only, if students have fewer than two MSU graded College Precore Courses. See the conversion chart in the Admission Information Session presentation slides, above, for detailed information.
Credit in College Precore Courses earned via A-Level exams does not carry a GPA equivalency for the College Precore GPA.
My AP exam score resulted in a "waiver" of one or more of the College Precore courses. Will the waiver fulfill the course requirement?
No. Students must earn credit in all required courses – the AP waiver does not fulfill the requirement.
I took some College Precore courses at another institution, and some at MSU. How will my College Precore GPA be calculated?
All College Precore courses in transfer/test credit (zero MSU numerically graded precore courses) = transfer Precore grades & test credit GPA equivalents will be used to calculate the CPC GPA.
One MSU numerically graded Precore course = transfer Precore grades & test credit GPA equivalents will be considered when calculating the CPC GPA (if it benefits the student).
Two or more MSU numerically graded Precore courses = only MSU grades used to calculate the CPC GPA.
I took all my College Precore courses at another institution. How will my College Precore GPA be calculated?
All College Precore courses in transfer (zero MSU numerically graded precore courses) = transfer Precore grades & test credit GPA equivalents will be used to calculate the CPC GPA.
One MSU numerically graded Precore course = transfer Precore grades & test credit GPA equivalents will be considered when calculating the CPC GPA (if it benefits the student).
Two or more MSU numerically graded Precore courses = only MSU grades used to calculate the CPC GPA.
Transfer equivalent grades are based on the most recent chronological course, up to a maximum of 3 attempts, in keeping with
MSU’s repeat policy
.
Example: STT 200 from Macomb Community College was completed twice – Fall 2021 grade: B-; Spring 2022 grade: C. Since the Spring 2022 grade is the most recent, that is the grade that will be used.
The original course credit amount is used (example: if a course that transfers as STT 200 – a 3-credit course – to MSU, but is a 4-credit course at that school, the full 4 credits are calculated in the GPA).
When using transfer grades from institutions that give individual course grades as letter grades (“C” instead of “2.0”), we apply that institution’s grade equivalencies (usually found on the back of the transcript and on that institution’s website).
Example Transfer College Precore GPA:
Writing: ENG 1020 4 credits (Wayne State University) B (3.0 per WSU’s grade conversion)
Statistics: STT 210 4 credits (Macomb CC) A- (3.7 per MCC’s grade conversion)
Economics: ECON 201 4 credits (Macomb CC) C (2.0 per MCC’s grade conversion)
College Precore GPA: 2.9
I earned a low grade in a MSU course, and am repeating it this semester. Which grade will be used in my GPA for admission?
If you are repeating the course at MSU, the grade you earn this semester will be used. Note: the most recent grade is used, whether or not it is the higher grade. This is consistent with
MSU’s repeat policy
.
If you are repeating the course at another institution, the transfer credit will remove the MSU grade from your cumulative (and College Precore, if applicable) GPA calculation. The original grade will not be replaced by the grade earned at the other school in your cumulative GPA calculation. You must earn a 2.0/C grade at the other school for MSU to accept the transfer credit/course.
Experiential Profile
What is the Experiential Profile?
See the Non-Academic Factors section, above, for an explanation of the non-academic admission factors. Students are encouraged to attend an admission information session during the semester they apply to learn more about the application factors and process.
Where can I get help with my Experiential Profile?
Writing Center
Admission Information Sessions (see above for dates and presentation files)
Broad academic advisors cannot provide feedback on individual student Experiential Profiles.
Please use the resources referenced above and in the admission information sessions.
I did not complete all parts of my Experiential Profile. Will my application still be considered for admission to the Broad College?
All parts of the application (precore courses, required credits, Experiential Profile, Case Study) must be completed to be considered for admission. Students must complete the following Experiential Profile components: all essay questions, at least one Work or Extracurricular entry.
Students who do not complete all required elements will be deemed ineligible for admission and should plan to apply in a future semester.
Case Study
Beginning Spring 2024, the Case Study is no longer a date/time limited part of the application process. Students will have the same amount of time to complete the Case Study component as the Experiential Profile sections.
Students must still “register” for the Case Study; there is only one “registration” choice, so the system will auto-registered students for the session when they click the Registration button. Once the “Start Case Study” button appears at the top of the main menu screen, students can return to the Case Study at any time during the application period to edit/update that section by clicking that button.
Case Study Instruction Video
What is the Case Study?
See the Non-Academic Factors section, above, for an explanation of the non-academic admission factors. Students are encouraged to attend an admission information session during the semester they apply to learn more about the application factors and process.
Broad academic advisors cannot provide feedback on individual student Case Study content.
Please use the resources referenced above and in the admission information sessions.
I did not complete the Case Study. Will my application still be considered for admission to the Broad College?
All parts of the application (precore courses, required credits, Experiential Profile, Case Study) must be completed to be considered for admission. Students who do not complete all required elements will be deemed ineligible for admission and should plan to apply in a future semester.
Statement of Extenuating Circumstances
What is the Statement of Extenuating Circumstances?
It is an opportunity for a student to share a circumstance beyond his/her control which impacted academic performance. Official supportive documentation of the extenuating circumstance may be requested to corroborate the statement content. Documentation must be sent to
admissions@broad.msu.edu
.
Some reasons to write a statement: medical illness, family emergency, or significant life event.
The desire to pursue a Broad degree with no other extenuating factors is not a reason for a statement; this is assumed based on the act of applying.
Is a statement required?
No, it is optional.
What if an extenuating circumstance occurred after the application closed, so I could not complete a statement?
Submit a statement and supportive documentation
via email
by the last day of the current semester for full consideration.
Should I submit a Statement of Extenuating Circumstances about the pandemic or the events of February 13, 2023?
While the ongoing pandemic and related changes to the mode of instruction over the last several semesters apply to all students, and the tragic events of February 2023 impacted the entire campus, we recognize that individual students have been impacted differently. Any applicant is welcome to submit a Statement of Extenuating Circumstances through the application system; while the presence of a Statement of Extenuating Circumstances is not itself a guarantee of admission, the statement will allow the Admission Committee to consider a student’s individual situation when reviewing their overall application profile.
Students who would like to submit a Statement of Extenuating Circumstances after the application closes must send the statement
via email
by the last day of the current semester. All statements must be substantiated with accompanying documentation.
Frequently Asked Questions: Credit-No Credit
What is the CR-NC policy?
Please review the policy language on the
Credit-No Credit Policy
page.
In Spring 2023, the policy was amended for Spring 2023 only to allow CR-NC for any Spring 2023 course. This was only the case for Spring 2023 courses, not for courses taken in prior and future semesters.
Will Broad use my original grades to calculate my cumulative and/or precore GPAs, even if I selected CR-NC for the course?
Per
Broad College policy
, students may not select CR-NC for Broad requirements. If a student is in another major at the time of application, this includes admission requirements and College Precore courses. If a student selects CR-NC for Broad admission requirements, the original numeric grades will be used to calculate cumulative & College Precore GPAs for Broad admission decision purposes.
EXCEPTION – If the CR-NC grades are from Spring 2023:
No. Cumulative and precore GPAs will be calculated using MSU numeric grades only (unless there are no MSU numerically graded precore courses – if that is the case, transfer precore grades will be used in the precore GPA).
I chose CR-NC for one or more of my courses in Spring 2023. Will the Broad Admission Committee look at this unfavorably?
No. Broad admission decisions and academic factor calculations will be made in a manner consistent with the university-wide policy, which allows students to make their own choices about graded vs CR-NC courses in Spring 2023.
I have completed all my precore courses at MSU. How will my precore GPA be calculated?
Only MSU numeric grades (not Spring 2023 CR-NC courses) will be used to calculate your precore GPA. Spring 2023 courses marked CR-NC will not be factored into the precore GPA.
I transferred in one or more precore courses. How will my precore GPA be calculated?
All College Precore courses in transfer (zero MSU numerically graded precore courses) = transfer Precore grades & test credit GPA equivalents will be used to calculate the CPC GPA.
One MSU numerically graded Precore course = transfer Precore grades & test credit GPA equivalents will be considered when calculating the CPC GPA (if it benefits the student).
Two or more MSU numerically graded Precore courses = only MSU grades used to calculate the CPC GPA.
Frequently Asked Questions: S/NS Grading
These topics are specific to the how grades from Spring 2020, Fall 2020, Spring 2021, and Summer 2021 will be used in the admission process.
Will Broad use my original grades to calculate my cumulative and/or precore GPAs, even if I selected S for the course, or the grade was converted to NS?
Spring 2020 courses: No
Fall 2020 courses: Yes
Spring 2021 courses: Yes
Summer 2021 courses: Yes
I earned a 0.0 in a Fall 2020, Spring 2021, or Summer 2021 class, and it was automatically changed to NS. Will the original 0.0 grade be used to calculate my GPAs for Broad admission?
Yes, the 0.0 grade will be included into your GPA calculations for Broad admission decisions.
I chose S for one or more of my Fall 2020, Spring 2021 and/or Summer 2021 courses. How will this affect my admission?
There will be no impact. The Broad College will use original numeric grades from Fall 2020, Spring 2021, and Summer 2021 to calculate cumulative and College/Major Precore GPAs in admission decisions.
I chose S/NS for one or more of my Spring 2020 courses. How will this affect my admission?
Per the Spring 2020 S/NS policy, original numeric grades cannot be used in GPA calculations; GPAs will be calculated without those grades.
I earned NS in a course required for admission to the Broad College, and have not repeated the course. Am I eligible for admission this semester?
No, as NS = no credit in a course. You may repeat the course in a future semester, and reapply in the next semester for which you are eligible.
I am repeating/plan to repeat a course designated as S/NS. How will this affect my GPAs?
If you repeat any course that is designated as S or NS from Spring 2020, Fall 2020, or Spring 2021, your new grade will be used to determine your admission (as will all non-repeated numeric grades earned in Fall 2020, Spring 2021, and Summer 2021).
Admission Decision Appeals
The appeal period has ended (the deadline to submit an admission appeal was 5:00pm January 12). If you have an extenuating circumstance that prevented you from submitting an appeal between January 7 and January 12, please contact Melanie Wallace, Director of Undergraduate Admissions, at
admissions@broad.msu.edu
with appropriate documentation. Late appeals may not be accepted, and requests will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.
Explore
Admissions Overview
Direct Admission
Transfer Admission
Take Action Now
Take Action Now
Advising
Visit Broad
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824