URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/direct
TITLE: Undergraduate Direct Admission - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
On This Page
Process
Process
Invitation
Invitation
Confirmation
Confirmation
Major
Major
FAQ
FAQ
Pause
Admission to the Broad College for high school students
This information is for high school students who plan to apply to the MSU for direct admission to the Broad College; this applies to students seeking a degree in the following majors: accounting, finance, human resource management, management, marketing, and supply chain management;
hospitality business has separate requirements
.
This information does not apply to students at other institutions who plan to apply to MSU and the Broad College through the
transfer application process
, or the current student
standard admission process
.
Direct Admission Process
High school students wishing to apply for direct admission to the Broad College must complete the
Michigan State University first-year application process through the MSU Office of Admissions
(students also can apply via the Common App and Coalition App). There is no separate application for the Broad College direct admission process. Direct admission invitations will be communicated via
your online MSU application account
.
Applicants are first reviewed by the MSU Office of Admissions for admissibility to the university, and then reviewed by the Broad College for direct admission. Students not admitted to Broad via the direct admission process can apply to the Broad College through the current student
standard admission process
after matriculating to MSU.
Applicant Review and Invitation
Minimum Criteria for Consideration
Apply to MSU and selected one of the following intended majors: Accounting, Finance, Human Resource Management, Management, Marketing, Supply Chain Management (all students will be classified as “Exploring Business Preference” until they are selected for direct admission)
Admitted to MSU for the upcoming fall semester
Have a 3.5 or higher high school GPA at the time of MSU admission, as listed in their MSU application material
Academic performance, business involvement, and business-related leadership experience will be considered when reviewing applicants for direct admission, as represented on the university admission application. There are no criteria for
automatic
direct admission; the Broad College has limited space and many students meet the minimum criteria for consideration.
Note: As MSU is test-optional for admission to the university, the Broad College does not consider ACT/SAT scores when reviewing applicants for direct admission.
Invitation Timeline
Two rounds of invitations will be issued; students who do not receive an invitation in February will still be considered for the second round.
Round 1: mid-February
Round 2: mid-March
Students who were admitted to MSU and are classified as Exploring Business Preference in their application portal by January 15 will be considered for the first round of invitations. Students who are admitted to MSU and classified as Exploring Business Preference by March 1 will be considered for the second round of invitations.
Invitations will be issued through the MSU Office of Admissions’ online application account (students will be sent an email prompting them to check their admissions account); invited students’ majors will be changed to Business Admitted.
Students accept the Broad College direct admission invitation by accepting their admission to MSU and paying their Acceptance Fee by the Office of Admissions’ designated deadline; students must remain in the Business Admitted major – if they change majors they forfeit the direct admission invitation.
Update – March 19, 2026
The final round of Direct Admission invitations has been completed. Invited students will receive an email today from the MSU Office of Admissions notifying them of a change to their application status; when they log in, they will see their major listed as “Business Admitted.” Students who were not invited for Direct Admission will be eligible to apply to the Broad College via the
Standard Admission pathway
once at MSU. This process will be discussed beginning with New Student Orientation, and the Broad College provides services to support students during their application period.
Confirming Your Direct Admission Status
Beginning with the Fall 2025 direct admit cohort, the following confirmation requirements will be in effect:
Completion of the following College Precore Courses: STT 200, WRA 101 or 195H, EC 201
and
EC 202 (with credit*)
3.0 minimum cumulative GPA
3.0 minimum College Precore (CPC) GPA (collective GPA, not 3.0 in each individual course)
28 cumulative credits
Students have three fall/spring semesters to meet the requirements and will be reviewed for confirmation at the end of each fall/spring semester. If students complete the requirements prior to the third fall/spring semester, their status will be confirmed at that time.
*AP “waivers” of WRA 101 and EC 201/202 will not fulfill Broad admission confirmation and degree requirements – credit must be earned.
Admission to a Degree-Granting Major
Once a student’s admission is confirmed (see Confirming Your Direct Admission Status, above), the student will be admitted to the degree-granting major of their choice. This major choice is not final; students may change majors after the point of admission confirmation as they choose.
Degree-granting majors: accounting, finance, human resource management, management, marketing, supply chain management.
Frequently Asked Questions
If I do not receive a direct admission invitation, can I apply to the Broad College another way?
Yes. After matriculating to MSU, current students can apply to the Broad College through the
standard admission process
. Standard admission is limited and competitive, but is a robust process. Most Broad students continue to gain admission via this process.
My high school GPA was below a 3.5 (on a 4.0 scale) at the time I was admitted to MSU. Can I petition for direct admission consideration?
No. Students who were not eligible for direct admission consideration per the listed criteria may apply to the Broad College via the
standard admission process
once at MSU.
I was admitted to MSU as Exploring Business Preference before the first round of invitations, but did not receive a direct admission invitation. WilI I be considered for the second round?
Yes. There is no further action to request consideration in the second round – this will be done automatically.
How do I accept the direct admission invitation?
Accept your admission to MSU and pay the acceptance fee by May 1. You must remain in the Business Admitted major – if you change your major you forfeit direct admission status.
What criteria are considered when applicants are reviewed for direct admission?
Academic performance, business involvement, and business-related leadership extra-curricular experiences are considered as part of the direct admission review process. Including non-academic factors in the college-level admission decision process enhances the student’s educational experience through the process, recognizes attributes employers and industries value in the process, and acknowledges qualities that are valued by and consistent with the mission of the Broad College.
Note: As MSU is test-optional for admission to the university, the Broad College does not consider ACT/SAT scores when reviewing applicants for direct admission.
Where do I indicate on the application that I want to be considered for direct admission?
All students who choose a Broad College major (with the exception of Hospitality Business) on their admission application will automatically be considered for direct admission. There is no extra box to check or form to complete.
Do I need to complete the MSU application for admission to be considered for direct admission? Can I be considered if I used the Common Application to apply to MSU?
All students applying to MSU and choosing a Broad College major (except Hospitality Business), regardless of the application (MSU vs Common vs Coalition), will be considered for direct admission.
Can I add information/material to my application for Broad direct admission consideration?
The Broad College will make Direct Admit invitation decisions based on a student’s university admission application content. We do not accept supplemental information, updated transcripts, or letters of recommendation.
Will I be considered for direct admission if I have Early College or dual enrollment credits?
All students admitted via the first-year application process will be considered for direct admission to Broad. Many first-year students come to MSU with significant credit earned prior to MSU via exams (AP, IB, etc.), dual enrollment, or Early College; this does not change their status to “transfer” students, and they are still considered first-year students and eligible for direct admission to Broad. No weight is given to the presence or number of such credits in the direct admission consideration process.
I did not receive a direct admission invitation. Can I appeal the decision?
There is no appeal process for direct admission. Close to 20% of students admitted to MSU are interested in a Broad degree, and we have limited space for direct admission, so not all students who meet the minimum criteria for consideration will be invited. The Broad College continues to maintain a robust standard admission process as another pathway to Broad, and most Broad students are admitted via that process. Current MSU students of all majors are eligible for standard admission consideration, and can apply as soon as the semester they are completing the academic requirements. See our
Standard Admission page
for details.
I received a Direct Admission invitation, and would like to defer my admission to MSU to a future semester. Can I keep my Direct Admit status?
Broad College direct admit invitations are valid only for the fall semester the student designated on their admission application. Direct admit invitations are not transferable or deferable to future semesters/years.
I have questions that are not addressed here; how can I get them answered?
Please email us at
admissions@broad.msu.edu
.
Explore
Admissions Overview
Standard Admission
Transfer Admission
Take Action Now
Take Action Now
Advising
Visit Broad
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824