URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/opportunities/fmi
TITLE: Financial Markets Institute - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Pause
Be an asset on day one.
The Financial Markets Institute (FMI) provides comprehensive training to a select group of highly motivated finance and accounting students at Broad. Scholars are offered invaluable professional opportunities, such as co-managing a multi-million dollar investment fund and visiting financial services firms across the United States. Based on student preparation, the institute provides employers with the confidence that FMI Scholars have the technical and soft skills necessary to make immediate contributions to their firms.
Gain a competitive edge.
After joining the institute, student scholars pursue a challenging academic program aligned with their professional interests. They are also actively mentored by industry professionals and receive training in resume writing, interviewing, networking and modeling.
Scholars leverage these experiences along with relationships fostered by the institute to secure summer internships and a full-time position, typically in investment banking, sales and trading, research or asset management. The institute also makes it easy for employers to hire students by offering the convenience of one-stop shopping.
Scholar Profile
The number of FMI Scholars typically varies from 25-30. Admission generally occurs early in a student’s sophomore year. On average, one-half of the students are members of the Honors College at Michigan State University as well as the Broad College of Business.
Most of the students have selected finance as their major; a few are majoring in accounting. Several are augmenting their studies with course work in economics, international business, a foreign language, computer science or CMSE (computational mathematics, science and engineering).
All of the students are leaders in organizations serving the university or the greater community, including student government, finance associations, consulting clubs, tutoring groups, and business and social fraternities.
View the PDF below for a full detailed roster of scholars.
Current FMI Scholars
Academics
Advising
The institute’s faculty director
Andrei Simonov
works closely with each FMI Scholar to construct a curricular plan that best meets the student’s academic and career interests. Depending on the specific nature of the financial markets career targeted, the mix of courses a student chooses can vary.
Students should plan to complete courses that build the strong quantitative skills that are important in all financial markets careers. Offerings in calculus, intermediate-level accounting and financial modeling are required. Additionally, students may elect to participate in a security analysis class that manages a multimillion dollar
Student Investment Fund
.
CFA Program
Students interested in pursuing careers as portfolio managers and investment advisors are strongly encouraged to consider the
Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA)
designation.
The Broad College of Business is a CFA Program Partner. For more information on the many benefits of this program, including scholarships to help cover the enrollment and registration costs associated with the first exam, visit the Department of Finance
page on the CFA program
.
Joining the Institute
FMI Scholars enjoy many benefits, among them being:
One-on-one faculty advising with the institute’s academic director
Targeted career development support
An annual scholarship up to $1,000
Participation in institute road shows to financial institutions in New York, Chicago, etc.
Qualification for stipends to help defray the cost of the road shows and interview travel costs
Mentoring from the institute’s recent scholars and its broad alumni network
Application Process
The institute accepts applications once each fall and spring academic semester. For information on applying to become an FMI Scholar, please
email the FMI
.
Financial Markets Institute FAQ
Admission Criteria
Admission to the Financial Markets Institute is limited to a small group of select students who have been or are in the process of being admitted to the Broad College of Business. Admission is based on an application process separate from the college’s general application procedures. Finance or accounting is the major of choice for most applicants. Students from other MSU colleges who are also members of the Honors College may be considered.
Admissions decisions are based on several key factors including:
Cumulative grade-point average, precore grade-point average, and grades in completed mathematics and economics classes
Sustained interest in a career in financial markets as demonstrated by work experience/internships, active participation in related student organizations, etc.
Leadership capabilities as indicated in the Broad College of Business, MSU, work and community service experiences
Based on industry expectations, the institute is targeting applicants with a minimum cumulative grade-point average of 3.5 and strong quantitative skills. Students with applications that meet the above criteria will be invited to take a markets and accounting skills written assessment. Those with solid performance on that evaluation will be interviewed initially by the institute’s admissions committee for an opportunity to complete a final interview with a team of current FMI Scholars.
Events and Road Shows
FMI Scholars frequently travel as a group to major financial centers to meet with potential employers, learn about career specifics at each firm and begin the networking process that can lead to inclusion in internship and full-time employment recruiting.
Employers
Employers who wish to engage with the FMI and recruit our scholar talent can
contact us via email
.
We are pleased to have the following organizations among the firms which have recently hired our students for post-graduation positions or internships.
Ares Management
Advent International
Aero Capital Solutions
Alvarez & Marsal
Aptiv
Baird
Bank of America
Bayberry Capital
Barclays
BNP Paribas
Calder Capital
CITI
Cowen
Deutsche Bank
Donnelly Penman
EY (Ernst and Young)
Evercore ISI
FINNEA Group
General Motors
Girls Who Invest
Greenwich Capital
Goldman Sachs
Harrison Street Partners
Houlihan Lokey
Huron Capital
J.P. Morgan
Jefferies
Lincoln International
Loomis Sayles
Lorient Capital
Main Street Capital
Merrill Lynch
Morgan Stanley
Nomura Greentech
Ottawa Capital
Palm Tree Capital
Perella Weinberg
Plante Moran Corporate Finance
RBC
Rocket Mortgage
Shore Capital
Stout
Townsend Capital Group
Vanguard
Wells Fargo
William Blair
FMI Advisory Board
The FMI receives strong support from Michigan State and Broad College alumni and friends. Members of the FMI Advisory Board support the institute by advising faculty and staff on knowledge and skill requirements for industry careers, serving as mentors to scholars, introducing the institute to possible new employers and aiding with fundraising. Members of the advisory board executive committee include Chrissy Svejnar (Ares Management), Jeffrey Kania (Citigroup), Ted Neely (Goldman Sachs (retired)) and Brian Van Elslander (J.P. Morgan).
Advisory Board Members
G. Geoffrey Booth
Lifetime Honorary Board Member
Frederick S. Addy Distinguished Chair in Finance
Broad College of Business
Greer Clausen
Strategy and Transformation Director
Sauer Brands
Tom Cosper
Founder and Managing Partner
Avanto Partners
Robert B. Duncan
Lifetime Honorary Board Member
Dean Emeritus
Broad College of Business
Scott E. Eston
Lifetime Honorary Board Member
COO & Partner (retired)
Grantham, Mayo, Van Otterloo & Co., LLC
Beckett Fabbie
Director of Human Capital
Warburg Pincus LLC
Scott J. Garlinghouse
Senior Credit Officer
Fifth Third Bank
John D. Hart
Managing Director
P&M Corporate Finance, LLC
Jeffrey G. Kania
Managing Director, Debt Capital Markets
Citigroup
Mike Kaczmarkek
Managing Director, Co-Head of North America
MGX Fund Management
Alec C. McAree
Founder and Managing Partner
Red Cedar Management, LP
Pius Mithika
Associate
Imperial Dade
Chris Mulligan
Vice President
Houlihan Lokey
Mike Murri
Vice President
OA Private Capital
Ted K. Neely
Goldman Sachs Sales and Trading (retired)
S. Nicholas Nefouse
Head of Retirement Solutions
BlackRock
Anthony M. Novara
Partner, Research Director
Fiducient Advisors
Leondre Quallo
Associate
Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Christopher J. Raymond
Senior Biotech Research Analyst
Raymond James
Steven M. Savickas
Executive Director
Mizuho Securities
Stan C. Sokolowski III
Deputy Chief Investment Officer
CIFC Asset Management
Chrissy Lamont Svejnar
Partner Secondaries
Ares Management LLC
Philip J. Timyan
Principal, Founder
Timyan Bank Alert
John Templeton
Managing Director
Wells Fargo
Ethan Thomas
Research Analyst
Golden Tree
Steven R. Tole
Head of Healthcare Investment Banking
William Blair & Company, LLC
Eric J. Van Dam
Managing Director
Piper Sandler
Brian J. Van Elslander
Managing Director, Private Credit
Macquarie
David J. Vargo
Lifetime Honorary Board Member
Fidelity Investments (retired Director of Research)
Michelle Winterfield
Founder and CEO
Tandem
Albert Young
Retired
BNP Paribas
Giving Back
MSU and Broad College alumni and friends support the institute in many ways:
Speak and meet one-on-one with FMI scholars
Host road show visits during trips to New York and Chicago
Hold fireside chats with scholars on campus
Participate in the FMI Association
Provide long-term financial support through an endowment
If you are interested in interacting with students, please
email the FMI
.
Providing Financial Support
The Financial Markets Institute is funded through private support. The institute is actively seeking contributions to its endowment fund to insure that the opportunities available for today’s students will remain options for future ones. To assure the institute’s long-term viability, consider providing financial support within the university’s secure
online gift system
[Fund name: Financial Markets Institute (FMI) Fund]. You can also send a check payable to “Michigan State University” to:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St Rm N505
East Lansing, MI 48824
For more information about giving to FMI or the Broad College, please contact the college’s Development Office at (517) 353-4340.
FMI Association
The FMI Association is a network of Broad College/MSU alumni and friends working in financial services. Included are present and past members of the FMI Advisory Board and all former FMI Scholars. Upon request, members assist current scholars by answering career and industry questions, offering interview preparation, assisting with road show presentations, etc. The institute is pleased to share job vacancies with appropriate member segments. Please
email the FMI
to arrange. The institute encourages members to connect with each other to share information, explore business opportunities, etc.
Members
If you have previously affiliated with the FMI Association and would like changes made to your listing and/or a current copy of the complete membership roster,
email the FMI
.
New Members
If you are interested in affiliating with the FMI Association, please
email the FMI
for more information.
Resources
The first step in preparing for a career in the financial services industry is to understand it. Knowing the different paths possible, networking with people in the industry, building knowledge of the markets and how they operate, and preparing for the interview process are essential to success.
Networking
FMI Scholars’ Networking Recommendations
A Guide to Cold Emailing
Networking Log Template
Daily Reads
Morning Brew
The Wall Street Journal
Financial Times
New York Times DealBook
Interview Preparation
Vault Career Insider
– Guides on Investment Banking, Investment Management, Wealth Management, Private Equity, Venture Capital, Hedge Funds, etc. (Courtesy of MSU Libraries)
The Last-Minute Guide to Breaking into Investment Banking
Mergers & Inquisitions
Street of Walls
Wall Street Oasis
A Scholar’s Recruiting Tips
FMI Activities
Association for Corporate Growth Cup (ACG) 2019 Team
Nadia Cismesia, Emma Toppi (FMI), and Shavrina Polina at "She Has a Deal" real estate competition 2021
Ryan Bandalene (FMI)
Matt Ladouceur (FMI) and Jack Budde (FMI) golfing
Financial Markets Institute 2019 Kickoff Group Photo
Nick Butterworth (FMI) skiing
Alyssa Mills (FMI) and Celia Oates (FMI) in Iceland
FMI friends at The Old Course, St. Andrews
FMI at "She Has a Deal" real estate competition 2021
Charity initiative and Mithika Pius (FMI)
FMI at "She Has a Deal" real estate competition 2021
FMI Director Dave Hawthorne and his wife, with Coach Izzo
Warren Buffett with FMI
FMI at "She Has a Deal" real estate competition 2021
Warren Buffett with Chris Letts (FMI Morgan Stanley)
Nadia Cismesia, Emma Toppi (FMI) and Shavrina Polina, known as Team PEN, at "She Has a Deal" real estate competition 2021
Mithika Pius (FMI) in a charity initiative
Ben Jahnke (FMI) at Barclays
FMI at "She Has a Deal" real estate competition 2021
FMI scholars and Varsity Soccer Team athletes Celia Oates and Abby Gardiner
FMI at "She Has a Deal" real estate competition 2021
Mithika Pius (FMI) and a charity initiative
FMI at "She Has a Deal" real estate competition 2021
Contact Information
Financial Markets Institute
fmi@broad.msu.edu
Director
David Hawthorne
Eppley Center
667 N Shaw Ln Rm 336
East Lansing, MI 48824
hawth84@broad.msu.edu
Phone:
517-353-5791
Phone:
203-767-0955
View Profile
Faculty Director
Andrei Simonov
Eppley Center
667 N Shaw Ln Rm 321
East Lansing, MI 48824
simonov@broad.msu.edu
Phone:
517-884-0455
View Profile
Explore
B.A. in Finance
Minor in Insurance & Risk Management
MBA Finance Concentration
M.S. in Finance
Department of Finance
CVCPEEF
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824