URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/major
TITLE: Major Admission - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Pause
Admission to a degree-granting major in the Broad College is dependent on academic factors.
There are two “competitive admission” majors. Students must complete the online application form during the semester they are completing the admission requirements.
Admission to Major Guide
Admission Timeline
Fall 2022
Application Opens
: September 6, 2022
Application Deadline
:
November 1, 2022, at 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Time)
Fall 2022 Transfer Course Documentation Deadline:
January 2, 2023, at 8:00 p.m. (Eastern Time)
Fall 2022 Admission Decisions Completed:
January 5, 2023 (decisions sent via RO Confidential Message after 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time))
Spring 2023
Application Opens
: January 17, 2023
Application Deadline:
April 1, 2023, at 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Time)
Fall 2022 Admission Decisions Completed:
April 7, 2023 (decisions sent via RO Confidential Message after 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time))
Beginning Spring 2023, all applicants will be admitted to their first choice major.
Submit Your Application
Students should apply the fall/spring semester in which they will complete the requirements.
Apply Online
Admission Requirements
Minimum criteria to apply:
Completion of at least 56 credits
Completion, with credit, of the following major precore courses:
EC 201
EC 202
ACC 201
ACC 202
MKT 250
BUS 250 or MGT 250 taken prior to Fall 2019 fulfills this requirement
ITM 209
All students much complete an application by the posted deadline, regardless of whether they are applying to a competitive or non-competitive admission major, to be admitted to a degree-granting major.
Changes to the Major Admission process are coming for Spring 2023. Students admitted to the Broad College via the Secondary Admission process, or Direct Admit students whose admission has been confirmed will receive information via email in January. Watch this webpage for updates in January 2023.
Competitive Admission Majors
The following majors are “competitive admission” majors, and specific academic factors will be considered when determining admission.
Accounting
: Competitive based on grades in ACC 201 and ACC 202
Supply Chain Management
: Competitive based on cumulative GPA and Major Precore GPA
Major Precore GPA
Only MSU grades are used in the Major Precore GPA calculations, unless all major precore courses are completed at an institution other than MSU.
Precore course equivalents taken at MSU are used in the Major Precore GPA calculation.
Cumulative GPA
Only MSU grades are used in the cumulative GPA calculation.
Frequently Asked Questions: S/NS Grading
These topics are specific to the how grades from Spring 2020, Fall 2020, Spring 2021, and Summer 2021 will be used in the admission process.
Will Broad use my original grades to calculate my cumulative and/or precore GPAs, even if I selected S for the course, or the grade was converted to NS?
Spring 2020 courses: No
Fall 2020 courses: Yes
Spring 2021 courses: Yes
Summer 2021 courses: Yes
I earned a 0.0 in a Fall 2020, Spring 2021, or Summer 2021 class, and it will automatically be changed to NS. Will the original 0.0 grade be used to calculate my GPAs for Broad admission?
Yes, the 0.0 grade will be included into your GPA calculations for Broad admission decisions.
I want to choose S for one or more of my Fall 2020, Spring 2021 and/or Summer 2021 courses. How will this affect my admission?
There will be no impact. The Broad College will use original numeric grades from Fall 2020, Spring 2021, and Summer 2021 to calculate cumulative and College/Major Precore GPAs in admission decisions.
I chose S/NS for one or more of my Spring 2020 courses. How will this affect my admission?
Per the Spring 2020 S/NS policy, original numeric grades cannot be used in GPA calculations; GPAs will be calculated without those grades.
I earned NS in a course required for admission to my major. Am I eligible for admission this semester?
No, as NS = no credit in a course. You may repeat the course in a future semester, and reapply in the next semester for which you are eligible.
I have questions about whether or not I should choose S/NS for any of my courses. Who can I talk to about this?
Broad academic advisors are available to assist you. Visit our
Advising page
for our advising options.
What will my GPA will be if I choose S/NS for one or more courses?
You can use this
GPA Calculator tool
to help you determine how your GPA will be impacted if you choose S/NS for one or more courses (there are two sheets – one for cumulative GPA and one for precore GPA). Remember that numeric Fall 2020, Spring 2021, and Summer 2021 grades will be used to calculate cumulative and College/Major Precore GPAs.
You may also
contact a Broad academic advisor
for assistance.
I am repeating/plan to repeat a course designated as S/NS. How will this affect my GPAs?
If you repeat any course that is designated as S or NS from Spring 2020, Fall 2020, Spring 2021, or Summer 2021, your new grade will be used to determine your admission (as will all non-repeated numeric grades earned in Fall 2020, Spring 2021, and Summer 2021).
Frequently Asked Questions: Application and Decision Process
How do I apply for admission to a degree-granting Major?
See the “Submit Your Application” section, above, to begin your application. Do not begin an application if you are not actually qualified to apply in this particular semester.
Does the Major application process include:
A resume? NO.
An interview? NO.
Letters of recommendation? NO.
If I am denied admission to my first choice major, can I reapply?
Reapplication is an available option, but you should carefully consider whether this is the best plan for you. Students who are considering reapplying should meet with a Broad academic advisor to discuss their previous application, academic situation and best strategy for a future application. Reapplying is often a sound option, but not always; each student’s situation is unique.
If I am denied admission to my first choice major, can I appeal the decision?
Students can appeal an admission decision until the posted deadline. See your decision letter for appeal process details.
Can I apply for admission to a degree-granting major in the summer?
There is no “admission to major” process in the summer. Business Admitted majors can apply to a degree-granting major in the fall and spring semesters.
Can I apply for admission if I am not enrolled in the current semester?
Students who
have matriculated to MSU in a previous semester
, but are not enrolled in the current semester, are eligible to apply for admission in the fall or spring (not summer – see question above). Note that all requirements remain in place.
Students who have been admitted to MSU but
have not yet begun MSU courses
are not eligible for admission to a degree-granting major.
I have already been admitted to a degree-granting Broad major. How do I apply for a competitive admission major (ACC or SCM)?
Students who wish to apply for a competitive admission major (after already being admitted to a Broad major) must fill out a new application. Log into the application system, then choose the major you wish to become as your first choice. Be sure to choose a second-choice major as well.
Frequently Asked Questions: Academic Requirements
I took a class at another school in a previous semester. How can I make sure it is considered as part of my application?
Transfer courses from prior semesters must be reflected as “accepted credit” on a student’s MSU academic record by
January 1, 2023
. Unofficial documentation (such as is accepted for current semester dual-enrolled courses, see next question) will NOT be accepted.
Students are responsible for making sure that official transcripts from other schools arrive at MSU and are added to their academic record in the months between the course end date and the current semester deadline.
I’m taking a class at another school this semester. How can I make sure it is considered as part of my application?
To make sure your transfer course is considered in this semester’s admission decision, complete the following steps:
Declare this course as part of your Broad application (there is a place in the application for you to disclose this information).
Submit an unofficial transcript or a screenshot of your grade report (must include your name, the course code, name of school and the grade)
via email
to the Broad undergraduate admissions coordinator, by
8:00 p.m., January 2, 2023
. The grade report must be a final grade officially posted by that school (similar to MSU’s SIS grade report,
not
a D2L-type report). Information not submitted by the deadline will not be considered in the Spring 2022 admission decision; you may apply again in the next application period.
Late submission of this information will not be considered a valid reason to appeal an admission denial/ineligible decision.
Work with that school to have an official transcript sent to the MSU Office of Admissions as soon as possible (the admissions coordinator will follow up a few weeks into the next semester to make sure all transcripts have been received). Do not have official transcripts sent to any other location, including the Broad College. Official transcripts should be mailed to:
Office of Admissions
Michigan State University
Hannah Administration Building
426 Auditorium Rd Rm 250
East Lansing, MI 48824
I received AP/IB/CLEP credit. How will this be used for Major admission?
There is no GPA equivalency used for credit earned from AP/IB/CLEP credit when calculating the Major Precore or cumulative GPAs.
My AP exam score resulted in a "waiver" of EC 201 and/or EC 202. Will this waiver fulfill the course requirement for admission to a Degree-Granting Major?
No. Students must earn credit in all required courses – the AP waiver does not fulfill the requirement.
I took some Major Precore courses at another institution, and some at MSU. How will my Major Precore GPA be calculated?
Major Precore GPAs are calculated using MSU grades only. Grades from transferred courses are not included in the calculation.
I earned a low grade in a MSU course, and am repeating it this semester. Which grade will be used in my GPA for admission?
If you are repeating the course at MSU, the grade you earn this semester will be used. Note: the most recent grade is used, whether or not it is the higher grade.
If you are repeating the course at another institution, the transfer credit will remove the MSU grade from your cumulative (and Major Precore, if applicable) GPA calculation. The original grade will not be replaced by the grade earned at the other school in your cumulative GPA calculation. You must earn a 2.0/C grade at the other school for MSU to accept the transfer credit/course.
Frequently Asked Questions: Statement of Extenuating Circumstances
What is the Personal Statement?
It is an opportunity for a student to share a circumstance beyond his/her control which impacted academic performance. Official supportive documentation of the extenuating circumstance may be requested to corroborate the statement content. Documentation must be sent to
admissions@broad.msu.edu
.
Some reasons to write a  statement: medical illness, family emergency or significant life event.
The desire to be admitted to a specific degree-granting major with no other extenuating factors is not a reason for a statement; this is assumed based on the act of applying.
Is a statement required?
No, it is optional.
What if an extenuating circumstance occurred after the application closed, so I could not complete a statement?
Submit a statement
via email
by the last day of the current semester for full consideration.
Should I submit a Statement of Extenuating Circumstances about the pandemic?
While the decision to continue with majority online instruction and the ongoing pandemic applies to all students, we recognize that students have been impacted differently. Any applicant is welcome to submit a Statement of Extenuating Circumstances through the application system; while the presence of a Statement of Extenuating Circumstances is not itself a guarantee of admission, the statement will allow the Admission Committee to consider a student’s individual situation when reviewing their overall application profile.
Students who would like to submit a Statement of Extenuating Circumstances after the application closes must send the statement
via email
by the last day of the current semester. All statements must be substantiated with accompanying documentation.
Admission Decision Appeals
The appeal period has ended for the Spring 2022 major admission decisions (the deadline to submit an admission appeal was 5:00pm May 23). If you have an extenuating circumstance that prevented you from submitting an appeal between May 14 and May 23, please contact the Associate Director for Undergraduate Admissions at
admissions@broad.msu.edu
with appropriate documentation. Late appeals may not be accepted, and requests will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.
Explore
Direct Admission
Secondary Admission
Transfer Admission
Take Action Now
Take Action Now
Advising
Visit Broad
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824