URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/transfer
TITLE: Transfer Admission - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Pause
Admission to the Broad College for students transferring from other institutions
This information is for students at other institutions who wish to transfer to MSU to earn a degree from the Broad College (accounting, finance, human resource management, management, marketing, and supply chain management;
hospitality business has separate requirements
).
This information does not apply to current MSU students applying to the Broad College through the current student
standard admission process
, or the
direct admission from high school process
.
Transfer Admission Application Process
Students wishing to apply for transfer student admission to MSU as a Broad major must complete the
Michigan State University application process through the MSU Office of Admissions
. There is no separate Broad application for transfer students. All application and admission communication will come from the Office of Admissions.
Transfer applicants are first reviewed by the MSU Office of Admissions for admissibility to the university, and then reviewed by the Broad College for admission as Business Admitted or Exploring Business Preference. Students cannot be admitted to a degree-granting major through the transfer admission process.
Requirements for Transfer Admission Consideration
Applicants are first reviewed for admission to the Business Admitted major (directly admitted to the Broad College). If they are not eligible for admission as Business Admitted they are then reviewed for Exploring Business Preference.
Business Admitted Requirements *
28 or more cumulative transferable credits
Completion of College Precore Courses: STT 200 or 201 or 315, WRA 101 or 195H, EC 201,
and
EC 202
See the
Standard Admission Academic Requirements
for approved College Precore course substitutions
Minimum College Precore GPA of 3.5, with no individual grade below a 3.0 in any College Precore course
Minimum cumulative GPA of 3.5 across all institutions
*Requirements must be completed at least two semesters prior to MSU enrollment. Courses in progress at the time of application review will not be factored into admission to the Business Admitted major. Timelines: If you plan to enroll for Fall 2026, your application will be reviewed in Spring 2026 so all requirements must be completed by the end of Fall 2025; if you plan to enroll for Spring 2027, your application will be reviewed in Fall 2026 so all requirements must be completed by the end of Summer 2026.
Exploring Business Preference Requirements
Students with fewer than 56 transferable credits who are not eligible to be Business Admitted, but who are admissible to MSU, will be admitted as Exploring Business Preference majors. Exploring Business Preference students will apply to the Broad College after matriculating to MSU, through the
standard admission process
.
Per MSU policy, students with 56 or more transferable credits who do not meet the requirements for the Business Admitted major cannot be admitted to MSU as Exploring Business Preference majors. These students will be admitted to MSU as the next highest-ranked major preference on their transfer admission application, and can apply to the Broad College after matriculating to MSU, through the
standard admission process
.
Admission to a Degree-Granting Major
Once a student is admitted to the Broad College they are admitted directly to the degree-granting major of their choice via the Standard Admission application process (students directly admitted via the Transfer Admission process will designate their major during New Student Orientation-Advising & Enrollment). Specific majors are no longer restricted/limited enrollment.
Frequently Asked Questions
How can I meet with someone in the Broad College?
As the application process is administered by the MSU Office of Admissions, we recommend that you explore that office’s
visit programs
.
For a closer look at the Broad College, there are multiple
online and in-person ways to learn about Broad
.
Individual advising appointments are reserved for currently enrolled MSU students. If you have specific questions that are not answered by reviewing our website, please contact
undergrad@broad.msu.edu
.
Can I be admitted directly to the Broad College and/or a specific Broad major?
All transfer student applicants who choose a Broad major on the MSU admission application will be considered for admission to MSU as “Exploring Business Preference.” Students with strong grades in specific coursework and a strong cumulative GPA from their current and previous institution(s) may be considered for admission directly to the Broad College, as “Business Admitted.” See the specific requirements for transfer students applying to MSU as a Broad major (above).
No new student will be admitted directly to the following majors: accounting, finance, human resource management, management, marketing or supply chain management. Once students matriculate to MSU, they are subject to the
standard Broad College/major admission process
.
Progression: Exploring Business Preference → Standard Admission process → Degree-Granting Major if admitted to Broad
Students directly admitted via the Transfer Admission process as “Business Admitted” will designate their degree-granting major during New Student Orientation-Advising & Enrollment.
How does my writing/math/biology/etc. course transfer to MSU?
Transferability of courses from students’ current or previous institution(s) can be researched on the
Transfer MSU
database (please read all notes for each course carefully, including posted equivalency end dates). Note that an official evaluation of your transfer credits will be completed when you are admitted to MSU and is done by the Office of the Registrar, not the Broad College. Official transcripts are required for an official evaluation of transfer credit. See
transcript submission instructions
on the Office of Admissions website.
My school doesn't offer one of the required courses; how can I fulfill the course requirement?
You may seek to take the course at another institution. See
Transfer MSU
for currently evaluated course equivalencies.
I don't have all the required courses completed. Can I still select Broad on the MSU application?
Yes! If your goal is to earn a degree in a Broad major, please choose that major on your MSU admission application. A final decision about admission to MSU as a Broad student will be determined based on multiple factors, including course completion and current enrollment and GPA. If Broad is your first choice, apply as such.
What courses should I take next semester at my current institution?
Future schedule planning should be done with an academic advisor at your current institution, in consultation with an MSU admissions counselor (if you plan to take courses that are required for admission to MSU). To check transferability of coursework, see
Transfer MSU
.
Students should consider making progress toward completion of the following courses (this allows students to progress toward a degree in a timely manner once at MSU):
MSU Integrative Studies (ISB, ISP, Lab, IAH, ISS)*
MTH 103
STT 200/201/315
WRA 101/195H
EC 201
EC 202
ACC 201
ACC 202
MKT 250
*Students attending a Michigan community college may consider the
Michigan Transfer Agreement (MTA)
as a way to fulfill these requirements.
How and when can I meet with an academic advisor and plan my classes?
All new MSU students are required to attend the New Student Orientation (NSO). During NSO, you will have the opportunity to learn more about resources, curriculum requirements and admissions criteria, and you will meet with a academic advisor to discuss the appropriate courses for your first year at MSU. Course scheduling occurs at NSO and cannot be done in advance. You can research
Broad College curriculum
prior to NSO.
Explore
Admissions Overview
Direct Admission
Standard Admission
Take Action Now
Take Action Now
Advising
Visit Broad
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824