URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/programs/management-major
TITLE: Major in Management - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Pause
Become a cross-disciplinary leader.
The management major allows students to deepen their management knowledge and skills and, if they choose, develop cross-functional expertise by taking courses from other departments within the Broad College. Students enjoy a high degree of flexibility in selecting courses to satisfy the major field of concentration requirement. The student’s program of study is designed within the context of the student’s personal, academic, and career goals. Graduates of the program seek entry-level positions in business, nonprofit, and governmental organizations that require familiarity with management and the general field of business.
What can I do with this degree?
Business analyst   |   Business development manager   |   Consultant   |   Project manager
Business Core Curriculum and Degree Requirements
To build a solid business foundation, there are common degree requirements for all Broad majors.
View Requirements
Major in Management Requirements
1. The University requirements for bachelor’s degrees as described in the
Undergraduate Education
section of the catalog.
The University’s Tier II writing requirement for the Management major is met by completing Management 460.
2. The requirements of The Eli Broad College of Business for the Bachelor of Science degree in the majors that comprise the Business Administration Programs.
3. The following requirements for the major:
Major Field of Concentration:  A minimum grade-point average of 2.00 in courses in the Major Field of Concentration that consists of courses approved in advance by the student’s academic advisor and that must include (15 credits):
Required Courses
MGT 460 Capstone for Management Majors (W)
3 credits
Topics in management and organizational behavior.
View full course description at the Office of the Registrar.
Twelve credits from the following:
MGT      411         Organizational Staffing (3)
MGT      412         Compensation and Reward Systems (3)
MGT      413         Personnel Training and Development (3)
MGT      414         Diversity in the Workplace (3)
MGT      475         Negotiation and Conflict Management (3)
MGT      476         Globalization and International Management (3)
MGT      490         Independent Study (1 to 3)
MGT      491         Special Topics in Management (3)
MGT      352         Entrepreneurship: New Venture Process (3)
ESHP      380         Entrepreneurship: Planning, Modeling and Adaptive Execution (3)
ESHP      480         Innovation in Action (3)
ESHP      490         Independent Study in Entrepreneurship (3)
ESHP      491         Special Topics in Entrepreneurship (3)
Up to two courses (6 credit maximum) at the 300-400 level from Accounting, Finance, General Business and Business Law, Information Technology Management, International Business, Marketing, and Supply Chain Management. Courses that are used to satisfy BUSINESS CORE PROGRAM requirements [referenced in item 2. of the College’s statement on
Graduation Requirements for the Bachelor of Science Degree
in the majors that comprise the Business Administration Programs] may not be used to satisfy this requirement.
Management at Broad
The focus of management is the design, development, control, motivation, and operation of organized activities. Our award-winning faculty have research and teaching expertise in a variety of topics that pertain to management at the individual, interpersonal, and firm levels. At the individual level, topics include employee motivation and performance, work attitudes such as job satisfaction and commitment, and worker-based factors like personality and emotion. At the interpersonal level, topics of interest include group behavior and teamwork, leadership, negotiations, and human resource management strategies related to staffing, compensation, and employee development. At the firm level, topics include firm performance, organizational culture, strategic decision making, entrepreneurship, and executive behavior.
Majors in the
Department of Management
offer quality educational experiences to traditional and nontraditional students that prepare them for a broad array of careers in management. Students are immersed in basic subject matter concerning the theory and principles of administration, organization, and motivation; decision and strategy; and human resource management. The management curriculum draws on a variety of fields – particularly psychology, sociology, economics, and statistics. Students in management are urged to take courses in these fields because many new developments in human resource management and strategic decision making require behavioral science and statistical tools.
Student Organizations
The Broad Leadership Association (BLA) meets with company recruiters bi-weekly to get a personable networking experience. The Broad Leadership Association also offers many business-oriented leadership opportunities.
Learn More
The Department of Management prepares students to see businesses through this interdisciplinary lens. Our research and education exposes students to a variety of management perspectives by combining perspectives in human resources, leadership and change, organizational behavior and strategic management.
Department of Management
Explore
Advising
Admissions
Student Opportunities
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824