URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/visit
TITLE: Visit Broad - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Pause
Let’s get to know each other.
Whether you’re a high school student interested in business education or a transfer student looking to come to MSU, we have options for you to learn more about Broad.
Explore Broad
Explore Broad Undergraduate Programs informational sessions for prospective students and families are offered most Tuesday and Friday afternoons 3:30 – 5:00pm during the fall and spring semesters. In-person and virtual sessions are available on select dates. You will receive a confirmation email within 24 hours of completing the registration form.
Sessions will cover:
An overview of the Broad College of Business
Broad College Admissions Pathways
Majors and Academic Curriculum
Student Opportunities and Services
You may also consider registering for an
Office of Admissions
program to learn more about MSU.
Register here for a spring semester Explore Broad session
Cannot attend a session? Check out our online resources below.
Explore Broad Presentation Recording
Self-Guided Walking Tour
Our Mission
The mission of the Broad College of Business is to create and disseminate knowledge through collaboration, developing global transformational leaders who positively impact organizations and society. We pride ourselves on ensuring that every Broad graduate has the skills to create positive change, connect the dots, and solve business problems through collaborative relationships.
Minskoff Pavilion Virtual Tour
Wander the halls of the Edward J. Minskoff Pavilion with Sparty on this virtual tour! Stop at points of interest and get a 360° look at the home for business at the MSU Broad College of Business.
Residential Business Community
Interested in learning more about the Residential Business Community (RBC)?
Learn about RBC
The School of Hospitality Business
Students interested in exploring hospitality business should visit The School of Hospitality Business.
Learn about Hospitality Business
Transfer Students
Prospective transfer students who would like to meet with a Broad College representative have the following options:
Attend an Office of Admissions program for transfer students. A representative from the Broad College will be present and  available for questions at the end of the session. A reservation is required; please
register with the Office of Admissions
.
Attend a Broad College prospective student information session (see registration information above).
Visit
Transfer Student Admissions
for information specific to prospective transfer students, including a printable transfer guide (includes course suggestions for schedule planning).
Transfer Student Admissions
Visiting Campus & Applying to MSU
Students and families interested in visiting campus and learning about all that MSU has to offer should plan to attend an
Office of Admissions program
. Programs are available for both admitted students and prospective students (freshmen and transfer students). Prior registration is required.
Request More Information
If you have questions please feel free to contact us at
undergradvisit@broad.msu.edu
.
Explore
Admissions
Transfer Student Admissions
Residential Business Community
Take Action Now
Take Action Now
Register for Session
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824