URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/programs/business-minor
TITLE: Minor in Business - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Pause
The minor provides students access to coursework that spans a wide range of business fields. Through exposure to relevant concepts, students will develop technical business skills and the ability to leverage those skills. This minor is designed to complement the material and competencies of undergraduate majors outside the Broad College of Business.
The minor is available as an elective to students who are enrolled in bachelor’s degree programs at Michigan State University with the exception of majors in The Eli Broad College of Business. The minor is administered by The Eli Broad College of Business.
Admission
Students must be enrolled in a bachelor’s degree program outside the Broad College of Business. Students admitted to a Broad College major are not eligible for admission to this minor.
The minor is available beginning Fall 2021.
Declare the Minor
Minor in Business Requirements
Students must complete 15 credits from the following courses:
ACC 230 Survey of Accounting Concepts
3 credits
Basic concepts in financial and managerial accounting for non-business majors.
View full course description at the Office of the Registrar.
FI 320 Introduction to Finance
3 credits
Overview of finance for the non-business major. Stocks, bonds, mutual funds, financial statement analysis, capital budgeting, financial planning.
View full course description at the Office of the Registrar.
GBL 323 Introduction to Business Law
3 credits
Introduction to the legal system. Basic concepts of constitutional law, torts, contracts, and product liability. Administrative law and government regulations.
View full course description at the Office of the Registrar.
MGT 325 Management Skills and Processes
3 credits
Managerial skills and processes in goal-directed institutions.
View full course description at the Office of the Registrar.
MKT 327 Introduction to Marketing
3 credits
Buyer behavior, segmentation, positioning, demand analysis, information, pricing, promotion, channels, product policies, and ethics in consumer, reseller, industrial, and service markets.
View full course description at the Office of the Registrar.
SCM 304 Survey of Supply Chain Management
3 credits
Objectives, processes, and functions of supply chain management activities including procurement, manufacturing, and logistics. The role of supply chain processes in creating competitive advantage with respect to quality, flexibility, lead-time, and cost.
View full course description at the Office of the Registrar.
Explore
Majors & Minors
Academic Advising
Student Opportunities
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824