URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/opportunities/mbp/empowerment-closet
TITLE: Empowerment Closet - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Pause
Professional attire to support your look and feel your best
Whether you are preparing for a career fair, interview, professional headshot for your LinkedIn profile, or any other career-related event, the Empowerment Closet is an easy way to rent professional clothing and more at no cost! The Empowerment Closet is stocked with professional clothing, shoes, belts, jewelry, portfolios, and more!
My experience with the Empowerment Closet was outstanding. As a student preparing for a career fair, having a resource like this is invaluable. The process was super easy, with a quick turnaround, and getting the clothes I needed was a major plus. The staff were helpful and friendly. Overall, I was pleased with the experience.
Visit Today
Russell Palmer Career Management Center, Eli Broad College of Business Minskoff Pavilion – M120
651 North Shaw Lane, Room M120
East Lansing, MI 48824
Open 8:00am- 5:00pm Monday through Friday
Upon visiting the Palmer Center front desk, ask to visit the Empowerment Closet then you can browse our selection, and should you wish to rent out a few items, we’ll review an agreement form to sign. We ask for items to be returned after 48 hours.
Alternate resource: Check out the
Career Closet
in the Student Services Building!
slideshow has a previous and next buttons
The Empowerment Closet is a fantastic resource for students. They had a variety of blouses and tops, and the seamless experience stood out for me. The staff was efficient in meeting my needs quickly. Having a place to rent professional clothing really helped with my confidence before my upcoming interview. The positive atmosphere left me very satisfied.
Donate today and make a difference
A heartfelt thank you to the Broad faculty, staff, MSU community, alumni, and many corporate partners for your donations to the Empowerment Closet. Your kindness has built an incredible foundation of items for our students to select from. GO GREEN!
Donate Today
Thank you to our incredible Empowerment Closet sponsor, Maurer’s Cleaners
Your generosity continues to provide our students with the professionalism to engage with confidence!
Contact Information
Minskoff Pavilion
Russell Palmer Career Management Center
Room M120
palmer@broad.msu.edu
Phone:
(517) 432-0830
Follow the Palmer Center on Instagram
Follow us
Follow Multicultural Business Programs on Instagram
Follow us
Explore
Multicultural Business Program
Russell Palmer Career Management Center
Michigan State University Career Closet
Take Action Now
Take Action Now
Donate Today
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824