URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/programs/business-preference
TITLE: Business Preference - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Pause
Develop knowledge to pursue business.
Business Preference is designed for undergraduate students considering a degree from the Broad College, a nationally ranked business school. While completing university requirements and parallel business courses, these students will receive strong support and begin to develop an understanding of business.
What are my business opportunities?
Advising and Support Services | Broad Student Organizations | Business Exploration Series |  Internships and Careers
Broad College of Business Application Requirements
Admission to the Broad College considers academic factors, non-academic factors, and an optional personal statement.
View Requirements
Advising and Support Services
Degree Requirements Fall 2019 to Present
Academic Advising
Business Preference students have access to the same advising services as students who are admitted to the Broad College. The Broad College academic advisors provide critical information about college and major admissions process, degree requirements, education abroad, campus resources, major selection, and parallel planning. For more information, please
speak with an advisor today!
Major Change to Business Preference
Are you interested in changing your major to Business Preference? Major changes into Business Preference for students below 56 credits can be requested in person with a Broad College academic advisor or online (a meeting with a Broad College academic advisor may be required in order to complete an online major change request).
Major Change Application
Support Services
A host of free support services are available to students. This includes individual and group peer tutoring available at the
Writing Center
and
Math Learning Center
. MSU also offers academic skill workshops, as well as spaces to gather and study with peers. For additional support services visit our
Academic Support Services webpage.
Broad Student Organizations
As a Business Preference student, being involved on campus is extremely important to your college experience. Joining a student organization is a great way to explore your interests for business related majors and careers.  This can also provide additional opportunities to network, socialize, learn, and enhance your skills.  When students are considered for internships, post-college employment, or even the Broad admissions process, campus involvement and leadership experience sets our students apart. Explore the various
Broad College Student Organizations
and
MSU Student Organizations.
Business Exploration Series
The Business Exploration Series is ongoing programming and services for Business Preference students. This includes major and career exploration, academic advising support, and resources aimed at increasing your success at MSU.
Information sessions are intended for current MSU students applying for admission to the Broad College of Business or a Broad major this semester. All applicants are strongly encouraged to attend. Topics addressed include: Broad College/major application process, academic and non-academic admission factors, resources for completing the experiential profile, case study tips and explanation of the admission decision process.
Students can choose the session that fits their application process and schedule. No pre-registration is required. Attendees should bring their Spartan ID card.
For more information, please visit our
Broad College Admissions website
.
Academic Success workshops are hosted by the Collaborative Learning Center (CLC). Topics are designed to help strengthen your skills in Academic Time Management, Reading, Mathematics, Note Taking, Study Strategies and much more.
Academic Success workshops
are held throughout the year.
Business Preference students are invited to attend a Group Advising session during Spring semesters.  Group Advising is an opportunity to meet with a Broad Advisor to review Broad degree requirements and create a tentative schedule plan for the upcoming academic year.
If you are interested in attending a Group Advising Session, please check out our website again in January 2021 for more information on dates and registration.
Join Undergraduate Academic Services for the Broad College of Business as we explore Business-focused majors at MSU. During the month of February we will explore four different sectors, featuring speakers from campus-wide programs. Career opportunities and program information will be reviewed and students will have the opportunity to do a live Q&A with presenters.
Prior registration is recommended. See the Upcoming Events section (below) to register.
February 5 – Accounting and Finance Related Majors
February 12 – Human Resources/Management Related Majors
February 19 – Marketing Related Majors
February 26 – Supply Chain Management Related Majors
Upcoming Events
SEE MORE EVENTS
Internship and Career Outlook
MSU and the Broad College have the following resources to help students understand their interests, review career outlooks, apply and interview for internships, and receive one-on-one career advising.  Explore the following resources from
Russell Palmer Career Management Center
and
Career Services Network
to learn more.
Frequently Asked Questions
I am interested in business at MSU, but I want to know more before deciding. Can I speak with a Broad academic advisor?
Yes! Current MSU students can visit our
Academic Advising
webpage for a list of advising services,  including drop-in and 30-minute advising appointment options.
If you are a prospective high school, transfer or prospective admitted student, we invite you to attend our
Prospective Student Information Sessions
. The session includes a complete explanation of Broad majors, College and Major admission process, academic curriculum, student life, education abroad, and Broad services.  Following the presentation, a tour of the Business College Complex-Pavilion is available.
What is a business-focused major?
Business and industry employers hire many students from diverse academic backgrounds. Most importantly, corporations desire future professionals who have a variety of skills. As a Business Preference student, you have the opportunity to learn the fundamentals of business, while completing courses towards your interests and career goals. Whether you become a Broad College Business-Admitted student, or you find that another major fits your academic and career goals, you will be receiving business-related education and experiences that will set you aside from others in the field. Check our
Business-Focused Majors at MSU webpage
to learn more.
What can I do with a Business Preference major?
As a Business-Preference major, you will receive important communications and support from the Broad College during your application process. However, it is important to note that students cannot graduate from MSU as a Business Preference major.
Students must gain admission into the Broad College and a degree granting major to graduate with a Broad College degree. Enrollment is limited and admission to the Broad College is competitive. Students with a strong work ethic, demonstrated scholarship and leadership abilities are encouraged to
apply
.
When should I apply to Broad?
You are eligible to apply to the Broad College during the semester in which you will complete the academic requirements (CSE 102, STT 200, EC 201 and/or EC 202, and 28 credits.)  For more information on the application process, including the non-academic factors, please visit our
Admission webpage
.
What happens if I'm not admitted to Broad?
If you are denied admission to the Broad College, we recommend meeting with a
Broad College academic advisor
to review next steps, including options for reapplying to the Broad College or assistance in transitioning to a
business focused major outside of the Broad College
.
I want to take a class(es) at a local community college or university, how do I make sure the credits transfer?
A student wishing to take courses at another institution should consult an
academic advisor
or the
online transfer credit equivalency system
to assure transferability. A minimum course grade of a 2.0 must be earned in each course in order for the credit to be transferred to Michigan State University.
Does the Broad College require a minor to graduate?
A minor is not required in the Broad College, many students complete a minor to help tailor their skills and supplement their education to their specific interests and career goals. For more information on minors, please visit our
Majors and Minors
webpage.
Explore
Admissions
Transfer Student Admissions
Residential Business Community
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824