URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/curriculum
TITLE: Curriculum - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Pause
Broad develops business leaders.
Students admitted to the Eli Broad College of Business by Summer 2025 will receive a Bachelor of Arts degree, while those admitted Fall 2025 and beyond will receive a Bachelor of Science degree. Broad undergraduate students are required to complete a core curriculum that exposes them to diverse subjects and develops well-rounded foundational business knowledge. Within the undergraduate program, area requirements include writing, mathematics, integrative studies, basic disciplines and functional fields in business, and elective courses enhancing a student’s course of study.
These requirements apply to all majors within the Broad College
except
hospitality business
(HB).
View HB curriculum
.
Core Curriculum Requirements
University Requirement Descriptions
Requirements Beginning Fall 2025 (BS)
For students admitted to the Broad College of Business beginning Fall 2025:
Degree Requirements Fall 2025 to present
Sample 4 Year Degree Plans
Requirements Fall 2022 to Summer 2025 (BA)
For students admitted to the Broad College of Business Fall 2022 through Summer 2025:
Degree Requirements Fall 2022 to Summer 2025
Requirements Fall 2019 to Summer 2022 (BA)
For students admitted to the Broad College of Business Fall 2019 through Summer 2022:
Degree Requirements Fall 2019 to Summer 2022
Requirements Fall 2018 to Summer 2019 (BA)
For students admitted to the Broad College of Business Fall 2018 through Summer 2019:
Degree Requirements Fall 2018 to Summer 2019
Any questions regarding degree requirements should be directed to a Broad academic advisor.
Academic Advising
Curriculum Updates
MKT 250 is changing to BUS 250 beginning Fall 2026 (students who complete MKT 250 prior to Fall 2026 meet this graduation requirement).
Major Field Requirements
Paired with the core curriculum is the
major field of concentration
(major), which is selected by each student upon admission to the Broad College. Each area of concentration allows students to dive deeper into their specific areas of interest and align Broad’s curriculum with their intended career path. Each major has its own specific requirements to meet.
Broad Majors
Because good accountants need to be good business people first, our curriculum is built around a careful balance of business, general education and accounting courses. Our proven education model will provide you with a comprehensive skill set to help you compete and be a leader in today’s marketplace.
View Requirements
The finance major field requirements are composed of four required courses introducing the basic concepts that define the field of finance, as well as three elective courses. The degree program offers suggested course combinations to place students on track for their desired career paths.
View Requirements
The human resource management major field requirements provide a balance of business and general education requirements, along with foundational courses in human resources areas. Students must complete twelve credits from the elective course selection as well as a required capstone course.
View Requirements
The management major field requirements are designed to give students a high degree of flexibility in selecting courses from several departments within the Broad College. Management students must complete four elective courses totaling twelve credits as well as a required capstone course.
For those students admitted to the Broad College prior to fall 2015 and in the general management field of concentration, degree requirements are also listed.
View Requirements
Broad’s marketing curriculum stresses understanding of marketing concepts and tools to achieve business objectives using analysis, planning, implementation and control techniques, and integration of marketing with other business functions and societal processes. The marketing major field requirements include four required courses as well as six credits from a selection of elective courses.
View Requirements
Supply chain management (SCM) curriculum integrates topics from manufacturing operations, purchasing, transportation and physical distribution into a unified program. The SCM major field requirements include three required courses as well as selections from multiple sets of elective courses.
View Requirements
Broad 360: Integrative Experience Requirement
This requirement applies to students admitted to the Broad College Fall Semester 2025 and beyond.
Broad 360, powered by Suitable, the integrative experience requirement helps you build key skills that will set you apart in the business world. This requirement lets you develop and showcase competencies in areas like Cultural & Community Competency, Entrepreneurial Mindset, Ethical Mindset, Global Mindset, Philanthropic Mindset, and Strategic Leadership. You can complete this requirement by selecting from a variety of opportunities available on the Suitable platform.
Discover Broad with Broad 360 powered by Suitable
International Course or Experience Requirement
This requirement applies to students admitted to the Broad College Fall 2018 to Summer 2025.
To foster the development of a global mindset, the Broad College requires an approved course or experience with significant international content. Along with IBUS 310 (formerly MKT 310) & MGT 409, this international requirement assures that Broad undergraduates have sufficient exposure to global issues that affect business decisions. There are two options for fulfilling this requirement.
Students who fulfill this requirement through a non-credit experience must still meet all MSU and Broad graduation requirements, including the minimum requirement of 120 credits.
Option 1: 3 credit (or more) course at the 300-level or higher with significant international content
Course may not also be used to satisfy an Integrative Studies requirement
Course may not also be used to satisfy a Major Field requirement
Course must have significant international content outside just language instruction
Example: SPN 310 will not fulfill the requirement, but SPN 320 will fulfill the requirement
Students must contact a Broad Undergraduate Academic Services academic advisor to gain prior approval of any course that does not appear on the pre-approved course list (students must meet all course prerequisites and restrictions).
Pre-approved Courses
Option 2: International experience
Education Abroad program that results in at least 3 credits
International internship (documentation is required; students must contact a Broad Undergraduate Academic Services academic advisor for approval)
Significant time spent living/learning/working outside of the United States (documentation is required; students must contact a Broad Undergraduate Academic Services academic advisor for approval)
International students (non-US citizens) automatically fulfill this requirement
Elective Credit Requirement
This requirement applies to students admitted to the Broad College Summer 2025 and prior.
At least nine credits of elective courses must be completed outside the Broad College. The total number of elective credits needed for graduation will vary based upon the student’s major.
Electives Popular with Broad Students
Credits Required for Graduation
Students must complete a minimum of 120 credits (123 credits if credit for MTH 1825 was earned at MSU) to be eligible for graduation.
Students are allowed a maximum of three credits of internship or other work experience to count toward the required electives for graduation.
Students are allowed a maximum of six credits in English as a Second Language (ESL) 220, 221, 222 or 223 to count toward the required electives for graduation.
Policies & Forms
The Broad College policy statement relating to undergraduate academic programs outlines expectations for students admitted to the Broad College.
Read the Policy Statement
The Honor Code applies to all undergraduate students enrolled in the Broad College or in any course sponsored by the Broad College.
Read the Honor Code
Although an internship is not required for graduation, work experience in your chosen major field is strongly recommended. Find out more about earning credit for internships and cooperative education.
Learn More about Internships
Students who are unable to enroll in courses due to certain restrictions or because the class is currently full may request an enrollment system override in order to enroll.
Broad Undergraduate Academic Services (UAS) advisors cannot grant overrides. Students must fill out the online request form (for Broad courses) or follow departmental procedures (for courses outside Broad).
Learn More about Course Overrides
This policy outlines the difference between an additional major (sometimes referred to as a “double major”) and a second degree, and the rules regarding each in the Broad College.
Read the Policy
Information for Broad majors and non-Broad majors on the policies regarding changing into and out of majors.
Learn More about Chaning Majors
Outlines the Broad transfer course/credit policy, including the process for requesting pre-approval and/or re-evaluation of transfer courses at domestic and international institutions.
Learn More about Transfer Course Guidelines
Explore
Advising
Admissions
Majors & Minors
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824