URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/programs/retail-management-minor
TITLE: Minor in Retail Management - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Pause
The Minor in Retail Management, which is administered by the
Department of Management
, prepares students for careers in the field of retailing and financial retailing. It is designed to enhance the career potential of students studying management and marketing by providing a program of study dedicated toward a specific industry and career path. The minor will also be particularly valuable to students in advertising and public relations, finance and food industry management.
With the approval of the department and college that administers the student’s degree program, the courses that are used to satisfy the minor may also be used to satisfy the requirements for the bachelor’s degree.
Please note, this minor has been approved for moratorium beginning summer 2023.
Students wishing to pursue this minor should declare the minor by the end of the spring 2023 semester.
Admission
The Minor in Retail Management is in moratorium effective Summer 2023 through Summer 2026.
Minor in Retail Management Requirements
Students must complete a total of 18 credits from the following selection of courses while maintaining a 2.0 GPA in all courses completed for the minor. MGT 371 is required for this minor. It must be taken during the SS24 semester as this is the only time it will be offered prior to the moratorium.
1. One (1) of the following courses (3 credits)
MGT 315 Managing Human Resources and Organizational Behavior
3 credits
Formulation and administration of human resource policies in the business enterprise. Personnel planning, job analysis and evaluation, staffing. Compensation and labor relations. Employee safety. Training, development and performance appraisal. Issues of diversity and ethics.
MGT 325 Management Skills and Processes
3 credits
Managerial skills and processes in goal-directed institutions.
2. Both of the following courses (6 credits)
ADV 481 Retail Strategy Analysis
3 credits
Strategic and financial planning for retailers.
MGT 460 Capstone for Management Majors (W)
3 credits
Topics in management and organizational behavior.
3. One (1) of the following courses (3 credits)
MGT 371 Retail Planning and Buying
3 credits
Role of a retail buyer in consumer products/fashion industries. Market and trend research, target customer needs, assortment planning, strategic buying, international sourcing, merchandise planning and control, and product development.
This course must be taken during the SS24 semester as this is the only time it will be offered prior to the moratorium.
SCM 371 Procurement and Supply Management
3 credits
Strategic issues in procurement and supply management. Purchasing process, procurement cycle, purchasing research, relationships with suppliers, negotiation and commodity planning. Cost, price and value analysis.
4. Two (2) of the following courses (6 credits)
AFRE 340 Food Marketing Research and Analytics
AFRE 445 - Strategic Management for Food and Agribusiness firms (W)
ADV 375 Consumer Behavior
3 credits
Theories of consumer behavior and their applications to promotions disciplines. Using theories to solve problems and make managerial decisions faced by practitioners in advertising agencies, suppliers and client-side marketing functions.
MGT 352 Entrepreneurship: New Venture Process
3 credits
Becoming an entrepreneur. Developing successful business ideas. Moving from an idea to an entrepreneurial firm. Managing and growing an entrepreneurial firm.
MGT 411 Organizational Staffing
3 credits
Job and organizational analysis. Personnel planning, recruitment, selection and placement. Employment interviewing and testing. Validation of selection procedures, equal opportunity employer (EEO) guidelines and affirmative action. Issues and diversity of ethics.
MGT 412 Compensation and Reward Systems
3 credits
Designing compensation systems. Job evaluation, internal and external equity. Pay-for-performance plans and financial incentives. Wage and salary surveys. Benefits administration. Diversity and ethical considerations.
MGT 413 Personnel Training and Development
3 credits
Designing and implementing training and development programs. Career stages and career planning. Needs analysis. Experimental design and program evaluation. Learning theories. Issues and diversity of ethics.
MGT 414 Diversity in the Workplace
3 credits
Problems experienced by racial, ethnic, physically disabled and other minorities in work organizations. Awareness training for managers. Ethical issues.
MGT 475 Negotiation and Conflict Management
3 credits
Negotiation and bargaining to manage people and interpersonal relations. Developmental processes, stages and types of conflict. Conflict management and resolution.
MGT 491 Special Topics in Management
3 credits
Topics in management such as advanced organizational behavior, managing labor relations, organizational development, organizational theory and design, strategic leadership and decision-making.
MKT 302 Consumer Behavior
3 credits
Application of consumer behavior principles to customer satisfaction, market planning and marketing mix decisions. Ethical, diversity and international issues.
MKT 313 Consultative Selling
3 credits
Role of the sales organization and nature of customer and channel relationships. Buying behavior and sales processes. Fundamentals of personal selling. Experiential project that challenges students to assimilate and apply key concepts.
MKT 319 Customer and Market Insights
3 credits
Research methods designed to obtain information for marketing decisions. Research design, data collection and interpretation of information to aid in making managerial decisions.
MKT 355 Entrepreneurial Marketing
3 credits
Process of planning, starting and positioning new businesses which link directly to customer requirements. Understanding unmet market opportunity due to competitive gaps or customer needs (realized or not) for both consumer and industrial products and services.
MKT 383 Sales Management
3 credits
Planning, implementing and controlling the firm’s personal selling function. Analysis of sales territories. Management of recruitment, selection, training and motivation of sales personnel. Evaluation of sales performance. Diversity and ethical issues.
MKT 410 Product Innovation and Management
3 credits
Analytic, decision-making and planning concepts and tools available to product managers. New product policy and development, organizational issues, product modification and deletion.
MKT 412 Digital Marketing
3 credits
Theoretical foundation of digital marketing. Recent tactics, applications and trends in the online marketplace. Basics of online marketing communications, search engine marketing, social media marketing and web analytics.
SCM 373 Logistics and Transportation Management
3 credits
Microanalysis of logistics and transportation services. Customer service, distribution operations, purchasing, order processing, facility design and operations, carrier selection, transportation costing and negotiation.
Explore
Majors & Minors
Academic Advising
Student Opportunities
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824