URL: https://broad.msu.edu/undergraduate/advising
TITLE: Advising - MSU Broad College of Business

skip to main content
Undergraduate Programs
Pause
We’re here to support your journey.
Broad College academic advisors are coordinators of your undergraduate experience. We provide critical information about academic programs and degree requirements, education abroad, leadership development, major choices, career options, policies and procedures, and campus resources.
Students currently pursuing or interested in pursuing hospitality business should use the
hospitality business advising services
. The home advising unit for students in the exploring business preference major is
University Advising
.
Drop-in Academic Advising
Drop-in advising is a first-come, first-served in-person service for quick questions; no appointment needed. This service is open to a
ll MSU students interested in pursuing a Broad major or minor.
Students must be signed in at least 10 minutes prior to the end of the session to be seen by an advisor (this limit may be adjusted based on capacity).
Location: E101 Eppley
Drop-in Advising Schedule (January 20-May 1)*
Mondays: 1:30-4:00pm
Tuesdays: 1:30-4:00pm
Wednesdays: 1:30-4:00pm
Thursdays: 1:30-4:00pm
(March 16: no drop-ins)
Fridays: 10:00am-12:00pm
*Watch this space for rare drop-in advising cancellations; drop-ins are not available on MSU closure dates.
Email an Advisor:
Send general questions that apply to all Broad undergrad students to
undergrad@broad.msu.edu.
30-Minute Academic Advising Appointments (Monday-Friday)
30 minute appointments are open to students in the following majors: Business Admitted, Accounting, Finance, Human Resource Management, Management, Marketing, Supply Chain Management. Students in other majors are welcome to use drop-in advising or the Broad Undergrad email (see above).
These are individual appointments for students to ask questions, plan schedules, discuss academic concerns and make sure they are on track for graduation. To make the most of your advising appointment, please
prepare for your academic advising appointment
. Students must make appointments online in advance and are required to cancel in advance through the scheduling system if they cannot attend a scheduled appointment.
Students are strongly encouraged to participate in academic advising interactions independently. However, if a student wishes to include another person in the advising appointment, a Release of Information Authorization must be completed and sent to the advisor (via MSU email) prior to the appointment.
Release of Information Authorization for Broad Academic Advising Appointments (PDF)
Student Rights Under the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
How to Use the Appointment System
Log in with your MSU NetID and password, and two-factor authentication
From the Students homepage, select the “Academic Progress” tile
Click the tab on the left, labeled “Advising/Tutoring Appointments”
Click “Create New Appointment”
Category: “Advising”
Advising/Tutoring Unit: “Broad College of Business”
Reason: “0505” for Broad Student Advising (admitted students only)
RBC = 0506
Entrepreneurship & Innovation Minor = 0094
Select “In-person Appointment” or “Zoom Appointment” for your appointment type
For in-depth instructions on how to schedule an appointment, visit the
SIS Help
page.
Schedule an Appointment
Appointments are released Wednesdays for the following week.
How to Use Zoom for Appointments
Students have access to Zoom through MSU’s technology platform. Go to
MSU Zoom
to log in with your MSU NetID and password.
Learn to Use Zoom
Residential Business Community (RBC) Students
RBC students are welcome to meet with
Sherri Henry
or
Marcell King
.
International Student Forms
The following forms must be completed by designated advisors in UAS: Curricular Practical Training (CPT) and I-20 Extension.
Dual Enrollment, Optional Practical Training (OPT) and Reduced Course Load (RCL) forms can be completed by any advisor from the Undergraduate Academic Services (UAS) office in the Broad College of Business. Dual Enrollment and RCL forms can be completed via email;
OPT forms must be completed via MyOISS
.
CPT and I-20 Extension Forms can be accessed on the
OISS website
. Please list the academic advisor as
Max Olivero
, Assistant Director of Global Support Services.
For Curricular Practical Training (CPT) application:
Discuss your CPT plans with
Max Olivero
, Assistant Director of Global Support Services.
Obtain your practical training letter on company letterhead (offer letter & job description) from your employer.
Complete the CPT application online via the
MyOISS portal
. OISS will review your eForm within 8-10 business days. For more information on CPT, see the
Curricular Practical Training (CPT) Guide
.
Broad Academic Advisors
Students are not assigned a specific advisor. You can see
any academic advisor
listed below–the advisors work with students in all Broad majors and minors, except
hospitality business
.
Advisors facilitate freshman seminars, advise student organizations, administer the college/major admission process, coordinate special programs and events, serve as a reference if we know you well, certify your graduation and work with university administrators on your behalf. We look forward to serving you and getting to know you during your college career!
Sara Barnwell
Director, Business Minor
Undergraduate Academic Services
Business Minor
Lillian Brooks
Academic Advisor
Undergraduate Academic Services
Entrepreneurship & Innovation Minor
Katie Burley
Academic Advisor
Undergraduate Academic Services
Accounting Major
Management Major
Human Resource Management Major
Jeremy Dewar
Academic Advisor
Undergraduate Academic Services
Business Preference Major
Sports Business Management Minor
Pradnya Joshi
Academic Advisor
Undergraduate Academic Services
Marketing Major
Sales Leadership Minor
Andrea Klinger
Academic Advisor
Undergraduate Academic Services
Finance Major
Insurance & Risk Management Minor
Financial Planning & Wealth Management Minor
Retail Management Minor
Hannah Murray
Academic Advisor
Undergraduate Academic Services
Supply Chain Management Major
Christie Mennenga
Academic Advisor
Undergraduate Academic Services
Information Technology Minor
Max Olivero
Assistant Director of Global Support Services
Undergraduate Academic Services
International Business Minor
CPT or I-20 Extension Forms
Dan Watson
Academic Advisor
Undergraduate Academic Services
Business Admit Major
Tess Zbozien
Assistant Director of Academic Orientation
Undergraduate Academic Services
Dwight Handspike
Director of Academic Advising & Student Success Initiatives
Undergraduate Academic Services
Melanie Wallace
Director of Undergraduate Admissions & Transition Initiatives
Undergraduate Academic Services
Shannon Brecheisen
Assistant Dean for Undergraduate Academic Operations and Student Experience
Undergraduate Academic Services
Prepare for Your Academic Advising Appointment
Fill out all requested information in the online appointment system. If you do not provide complete information, your appointment may be cancelled.
We ask that you do not schedule multiple appointments within a short time (1-2 weeks), as appointment times are limited and in high demand.
Know the requirements.
Review
Broad academic information
available online for complete graduation requirements and a description of our curriculum.
Review
Broad admission information
available online.
Check course restrictions and prerequisites as needed on the
Office of the Registrar: Course Descriptions
.
If your appointment will include a discussion of future class schedule planning, please attempt to plan a tentative schedule in your Shopping Cart using the Classes tile on the Student home page of
SIS
.
From the Students home page in
SIS
, select the Academic Progress tile to see how you have progressed towards graduation.
Make a written list of questions you plan to ask during your appointment.
Bring any forms you need signed with you in paper form – you will not have access to print forms in your advisor’s office.
Identify transfer credit equivalencies using
Transfer MSU
, although it’s always best to confirm this information with an academic advisor if you have any questions.
Research Education Abroad options using the
Via TRM portal
– a great way to identify and favorite your preferred programs.
Resources
Students who are unable to enroll in courses due to certain restrictions or because the class is currently full may request an enrollment system override in order to enroll.
Broad Undergraduate Academic Services (UAS) advisors cannot grant overrides.
Students must fill out the online request form (for Broad courses) or follow departmental procedures (for courses outside Broad).
Learn More
Information for Broad majors and non-Broad majors on the policies regarding changing into and out of majors.
Learn More
Reach your maximum academic potential while utilizing the academic support offered by Michigan State and the Eli Broad College of Business. We offer a host of free support services—individual and group peer tutoring, and academic skills workshops—as well as space to gather and study with peers.
Learn More
Currently enrolled MSU students may submit business-subject courses for evaluation by Broad College faculty reviewers by submitting the
Transfer Course Evaluation Request Form
online. Read the Transfer Course Policy and Request Process for a complete explanation of the Broad College transfer course policy.
Education Abroad coursework is evaluated through a separate process. Please email
Max Olivero
with program and course information to initiate this process.
Learn More
Coursework for direct enroll and exchange programs must be evaluated and approved prior to program departure. Please submit Education Abroad syllabi for evaluation using the Broad Education Abroad Course Request Form online.
Learn More
Contact Us
Undergraduate Academic Services (UAS)
Eppley Center
667 N Shaw Ln Rm E101
East Lansing, MI 48824
undergrad@broad.msu.edu
Phone:
(517) 355-7605
Take Action Now
Take Action Now
Schedule Advising
Course Overrides
top
Undergraduate Education
MBA & Master's Programs
Doctoral Programs
Executive Education
Career Management
Research & Innovation
Policies
Internal
Get Connected with Broad:
Business College Complex
632 Bogue St
East Lansing, MI 48824