URL: https://admissions.utexas.edu/afford/undergrad-scholarships
TITLE: Financial Aid - University of Texas Admissions

Cost & Aid
Financial Aid
Whether you’re a prospective student or transferring, we want to make sure you have the cost and aid information you need to make your UT education possible.
Net Price Calculator
Our Net Price Calculator delivers a personalized estimate of the net price of attending UT Austin based on your major, personal finances, housing, estimated financial aid, possible VA Education Benefits and more. By gaining a better understanding of the net price of attendance, you’ll feel more prepared and confident to make your UT education possible.
Net Price Calculator
Get Started by Completing the FAFSA/TASFA
Even if you think you’re not likely to qualify for need-based aid, it’s still a good idea to apply. Many awards are based on information from your financial aid application.
FAFSA
TASFA
Watch the
Preparing for the FAFSA
Form
playlist to understand what information and documents
you’ll
need to fill out the FAFSA form.
More information about financial aid and scholarships can be found
here
.
Complete the Scholarship Interest Form
The Scholarship Interest Form must be completed to indicate your interest in UT Austin institutional scholarships as well as scholarships from some partnering private foundations like the
Terry Foundatio
n or
Finis Welch Foundation
, which offer full cost of attendance awards for students with demonstrated financial need. The form is available in MyStatus after you submit your application to UT Austin via the Common App or ApplyTexas application forms. This must be completed by the deadline of January 15.
MyStatus
General Scholarships and University College and School Awards
Every admitted freshman is considered for some University-wide general scholarships as well as college and school awards. There is not a separate scholarship application. Notification of awards takes place typically between February-April. These scholarships can also be awarded to continuing students; all longhorns are encouraged to apply for scholarships from their college or school and general University-wide awards every spring.
Locate scholarships you’re eligible for using our Scholarship Finder tool.
Scholarship Finder
My Financial Aid Portal
UT Austin’s My Financial Aid portal provides information about the status of your financial aid awards. It’s also where we’ll notify you of any additional documentation required.
My Financial Aid
My Financial Aid becomes available to students once admitted.
Texas One Stop is your resource for financial aid, billing, registration, records and more. Have q
uestions about how to apply for financial aid or appeal for a change to your financial aid award?
They can
help
.
Texas One Stop
Types of Aid
Grants
Need-based aid that does not need to be repaid.
Scholarships
Need-based or merit-based aid that does not need to be repaid.
Work-Study
Work-Study provides part-time jobs for students with financial need, allowing you to earn
money to help pay for educational expenses.
Loans
Borrowed aid that needs to be repaid, with interest, after graduation.
Financial Aid & Scholarship Deadlines
Jan. 15
State Priority Deadline To Submit FAFSA/TASFA
Complete your FAFSA/TASFA by the state priority deadline to be considered for the widest range of financial aid.
FAFSA
TASFA
Jan. 15
Deadline To Submit Scholarship Interest Form
To be in the running for scholarships offered by the Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid and some partnering private foundations, please complete the Scholarship Interest Form. The Scholarship Interest Form is available in MyStatus after you submit your application to UT Austin.
MyStatus
March 1
Deadline for Texas Exes Scholarships
Our alumni association, the Texas Exes, offers a variety of scholarships for incoming students as well as transfer and continuing students (they may apply each year they’re at UT Austin).
Texas Exes
Financial Aid Decisions
Mid-Late Spring
Financial Aid Awards Arrive
Financial aid offers will be available to view on
My Financial Aid
. Make sure you monitor My Financial Aid for any updates or requirements you need to resolve.
Understanding Your Aid
Spring
Award Notification From Colleges and Schools, Texas Exes and Scholarship Foundations Delivered
Awards you were eligible for based on your admissions application will be announced from the college or school you were admitted to as well as most awards from the Texas Exes Alumni Association, including the Forty Acres Scholarship, and awards from foundations like the Terry Foundation, Finis Welch Foundation and Haraldson Foundation.
Texas Exes
Terry Foundation
Finis Welch Foundation
Haraldson Foundation