URL: https://admissions.utexas.edu/apply/freshman
TITLE: Freshman - University of Texas Admissions

Apply
Freshman
If you are a high school senior or a student who has completed high school and has not yet enrolled at another college or university after graduation, you should apply for freshman admission. Domestic freshmen are U.S. citizens, permanent residents or students who are graduating from a Texas high school.
If you are an international freshman, visit our
International Freshman page
.
Online Application
Common App
Spring App
Key Freshman Admission Dates
Summer/Fall Enrollment
Application Opens
August 1
Early Action Deadline to Apply
October 15
Early Action Deadline for Supplemental Materials
October 22
Regular Deadline To Apply
December 1
Regular Deadline for Supplemental Materials
December 10
Early Action Decisions Released
January 15
All Decisions Released
February 15
Honors Decisions Released
March 1
Early Action applicants will receive their admission decision or a notification of deferral by January 15, 2026. Applicants who receive a notification of deferral and regular deadline applicants will receive a decision by February 15, 2026.
Spring Enrollment
Deadline To Apply
September 1
Deadline for Supplemental Materials
September 8
Decisions Released
December 1
Application Requirements
Required for ALL freshman applicants who are U.S. citizens, permanent residents or who are graduating from a Texas high school.
Application
Apply using the Common App for summer/fall admission. Use the link below for spring admission.
Common App
Spring App
Application Fee
Pay the non-refundable application fee of $75 when you submit your application. You can request a fee waiver. Requests can be made in the application or by submitting the
Request for Fee Waiver form
via our Document Upload System in MyStatus.
Essay and Short Answers
Applicants must submit at least one essay and the required short answer prompts. The essay topic, requirements and prompts can be found on our website and in the application.
Essays and Short Answers
SAT/ACT Scores
SAT and ACT official test scores must be submitted by the appropriate deadline to be considered. Submit at least one set of scores directly from the testing agency. (We do not require the SAT Essay or ACT Writing scores or the ACT Science section). To satisfy the application requirement, scores are only accepted directly from the testing agencies. You are not required to submit SAT Subject Test scores.
Testing agencies should send your scores using the codes designated for UT Austin:
SAT — 6882
ACT — 4240
If you are concerned that your official score report may not arrive by the admission deadline, you may self-report your scores via the MyStatus admissions portal by clicking on the SAT/ACT test score requirement and filling out the form on the pop up. You must submit a PDF copy of your score report should you choose to self-report.
We will not accept self-reported test scores via transcripts or via the Common App. If you self-report scores, official test scores from the testing agency are still required by the appropriate deadline to complete your application.
For Early Action, official scores from the testing agency must be received by October 22, 2025, or the application will be moved to regular decision. For regular decision, your official scores from the testing agency must be received by December 10, 2025.
High School Transcripts, Class Rank and College Transcripts
Transcripts should list all of your high school coursework (from 9th-11th grade) as well as your class rank. If your high school does not rank students, include a statement from your school describing its policy, a copy of your school’s profile and a GPA or grade distribution report. If you have earned any college credit (including dual credit) while in high school, request that the college or university send official transcripts to UT Austin.
Transcript Info
High School Prerequisites
You must
complete or be on track to complete certain high school coursework to be competitive for admission.
High School Prerequisites
Review Optional and Additional Materials
Certain majors may require additional materials after you have submitted your application. You may also wish to submit additional materials to strengthen your application, such as letters of recommendation or a resume.
Additional Materials
The following materials may be required. These items must be received by the appropriate deadline.
Major-Specific Items
Certain majors may require specific items in addition to your application. Please be sure to review any additional items required by your first and second choice majors by visiting their college or school website.
Colleges & Degrees
Student Information Form
If applicable, tell us about your high school coursework. MyStatus will prompt those who are required to complete the form.
Texas Private High School Certification Form
This form is used to determine qualification for automatic admission. Applicable students are:
Those who attended a Texas private school and do not satisfy test score requirements.
Those who attended a Department of Defense High School and are not exempt based on test scores.
Learn More
Academic Coursework Entry Form
Students who do not attend a Texas high school may be required to input their high school courses via the Academic Coursework Entry Form. If applicable, information and directions will be found on your MyStatus portal
Optional Materials
The optional items below are NOT required for admission consideration. However, you may include them as part of your application for admission if submitted by the appropriate deadline.
Classic Learning Test
You may submit your score from the Classic Learning Test (CLT) using the Document Upload System.
Resume
You may submit a resume offering additional information about your achievements, activities, leadership positions and student employment. Submit your resume in MyStatus using the Document Upload System after you have submitted your application. You can also submit your resume in the Common App.
If you submit a resume, you should include:
Details about what each activity involved rather than a general description.
The number of hours per week and weeks per year you spent on each activity.
Letters of Recommendation
You can submit up to two letters of recommendation with your application or after you’ve submitted your application. These letters may be from mentors or people who know you well, and can include teachers, although we encourage you to provide letters from sources outside your high school. The letter should be able to give additional context or information to support your admission that is not already provided in your application or other submitted documents (resume, transcripts).
Submitting Your Recommendations
We do not accept recommendations via email. Submit your recommendations via:
The Common App
MyStatus using the Document Upload System (accessible only by students after application submission)
Parchment, Naviance/Edocs or Scoir
By
mail
Optional Short Answer
You can submit a response to the optional short answer prompt:
Please share background on events or special circumstances that you feel may have impacted your high school academic performance. Please limit your response to 250-300 words.
Next Steps
Once you’ve submitted your application, you can track the status and submit additional documents in MyStatus. Be sure to regularly monitor MyStatus until your application is listed as complete and submit any to-do items prior to the deadlines.
Check MyStatus
MyStatus is available 24-48 hours after submitting your application.* You may be asked for additional information to complete your application. Check MyStatus to stay up to date.
*Students submitting their application in August will receive an email from the Office of Admissions that includes their UT EID and MyStatus information no later than September 1.
MyStatus
Complete Your Financial Aid Application
Completing your financial aid application before January 15 will maximize your eligibility for financial aid awards.
Complete Your Housing Application
You can
apply for housing
before you receive an admission decision. Housing is offered on a first-come, first-served basis. We recommend applying as soon as possible.
Check Your Email
We’ll alert you about your admission decision, financial aid awards, housing contract and other important details via email. Be sure to check your email regularly.