URL: https://admissions.utexas.edu/apply
TITLE: Apply - University of Texas Admissions

Change the World. Apply Today.
Your future starts here, where we don’t just follow the path to greatness — we define it. At UT, you’ll get the knowledge, experience and resources to make a real difference. We are a vibrant community that amplifies bold ideas and accelerates growth.
From groundbreaking research to creative expression, every student is a catalyst for changing the world. Start your journey as a Longhorn and apply today.
Admission Requirements
Freshman
High school seniors or students who have completed high school and have not enrolled at another college or university.
Transfer
Students who have started studying at another college or university after graduating high school.
Returning
Students who were previously enrolled as an undergraduate student at UT Austin and are ready to return.
International
Students who are neither a U.S. citizen nor permanent resident and did not graduate from a Texas high school.
Get Started on Your Longhorn Journey
Apply to UT Austin
Determine your applicant type (freshman, transfer, international) and complete the application instructions.
Check MyStatus
You may be asked for additional application information after you submit your application. Make it a habit to check MyStatus to stay up to date.
MyStatus
Complete the FAFSA/TASFA
Completing the FAFSA/TASFA before January 15 will maximize your eligibility for financial aid awards.
Complete Your Housing Application
You can apply for housing before you receive an admission decision. Housing is offered on a first come, first served basis, so we recommend applying as soon as possible.
Check Your Email
We’ll alert you about your admission decision, financial aid awards, housing contract and other important details via email. Be sure to check this regularly.
Application Integrity
All information and supplemental materials submitted with an admission application must be accurate and original. For more information, visit our
Application Integrity page
.