URL: https://admissions.utexas.edu/apply/transfer-students
TITLE: Transfer Admission - University of Texas Admissions

Apply
Transfer Admission
You can apply for transfer admission if:
You have already started studying at another college or university after graduating from high school or earning a GED.
You have or will have earned 24 semester hours of required transferable coursework at another college or university. The option to use coursework in progress is not available for spring semester applicants.
Transfer Credit Resources
Allison Calnan
Associate Director of Transfer Admissions and UT Austin Transfer Liaison
transferadmissions@austin.utexas.edu
For questions, email
transferadmissions@austin.utexas.edu
.
If you are a transfer student who is not a U.S. citizen and who is not a U.S. resident, please visit our
International Transfer
page.
If you are a current UT Austin student looking to transfer to a different major, please visit our
Internal Transfer
page.
Key Transfer Admission Dates
Summer/Fall Enrollment
Common App Opens
Sep 1
Deadline To Apply
March 1
Supplemental Materials Deadline
March 10
Admission Decisions Released
June 30
Spring Enrollment
Application Opens
March 1
Deadline to Apply
September 1
Supplemental Materials Deadline
September 8
Admission Decisions Released
December 15
Required Application Materials
Application
Apply using the Common App for summer/fall admission. Use the link below for spring admission.
Common App
Spring App
Application Fee
Pay the non-refundable $75 application fee when you submit your application. Fee waivers are available. Request a fee waiver when you apply for admission or submit the
Request for Fee Waiver
form in MyStatus via the Document Upload System.
Essay(s)
Along with your application, submit one essay. Applicants to the School of Architecture must submit an additional essay. We recommend submitting your essay in the application. You may also submit the essay using the Document Upload System in MyStatus or by mailing them to the Office of Admissions.
Essays and Short Answers
College Transcripts and/or High School Transcripts
Send official transcripts documenting all coursework you have attempted at any college or university you attended.
If you have attended more than one college or university, we’ll need a transcript from each school, even if the credits earned at one school were transferred to another.
If you are applying for automatic transfer admission, submit your official high school transcript as well. We cannot accept transcripts via email.
Transcript Info
Resume
Submit your resume offering additional information about your achievements using the Document Upload System in MyStatus. Your resume should include your previous five years of academic, extracurricular, community and work activities as well as honors and awards. You can also include high school accomplishments if they took place within the last five years.
When you submit a resume, you should include:
Details about what each activity involved rather than a general description.
The number of hours per week and weeks per year spent on each activity.
Review Optional and Additional Materials
Certain majors may require additional materials after you have submitted your application. You may also wish to submit additional materials to strengthen your application, such as letters of recommendation.
Additional Materials
If applicable, the following materials may be required. All required items must be received by the appropriate deadline.
Major-Specific Items
Certain majors have required prerequisites for transfer applicants. These items can be found on each college and school on our Colleges & Degrees page. Please be sure to review the prerequisites for your first- and second-choice majors.
Colleges & Degrees
Letters of Recommendation
You can submit up to two letters of recommendation with your application or after you’ve submitted your application. These letters may be from mentors or people who know you well and can include teachers or school counselors, although we encourage you to provide letters from
sources that best speak to your interests, accomplishments or preparation for the intended major
. The letter should be able to give additional context or information to support your admission that is not already provided in your application or other submitted documents (resume, transcripts). Letters of recommendation are not required but are encouraged.
Submitting Your Recommendations
We do not accept recommendations via email. Submit your recommendations via:
Common App
MyStatus using the Document Upload System
Parchment or Scoir
Automatic Transfer Admission Form
Some transfer applicants are able to apply for automatic transfer admission. If you are eligible and would like to apply, complete the Automatic Transfer Admission form in the application. More details about applicability and application instructions can be found on our Review & Decisions page.
Review & Decisions
Permanent Residents
Although permanent residents apply as domestic applicants, they must still demonstrate English proficiency through the TOEFL or IETLS exam. Permanent Residents are exempt from this requirement if they:
Earned three years of U.S. high school English credit, excluding ESL courses; or
Resided in the United States for 10 or more years; or
Earned a bachelor’s degree at a U.S. institution of higher education; or
Attended a U.S. institution of higher education immediately prior to enrollment at the University; or
Graduated from a U.S. high school.
The requirement will not be waived for the completion of English Compositions courses.
Next Steps
Once you’ve submitted your application, you can track the status and submit additional documents in MyStatus. Be sure to regularly monitor MyStatus until your application is listed as complete and submit any to-do items prior to the deadlines.
Check MyStatus
You may be asked for additional information after you submit your application. Check MyStatus to stay up to date.
MyStatus
Complete Your Financial Aid Application
Completing your financial aid application before January 15 will maximize your eligibility for financial aid awards.
Complete Your Housing Application
You can
apply for housing
before you receive an admission decision. Housing is offered on a first-come, first-served basis. We recommend applying as soon as possible.
Check Your Email
We’ll alert you about your admission decision, financial aid awards, housing contract and other important details via email. Check your email regularly.