URL: https://admissions.utexas.edu/apply/international
TITLE: International Students - University of Texas Admissions

Apply
International Students
Freshman
You should apply for international freshman admission if:
If you are a high school senior or a student who has completed high school and has not yet enrolled at another college or university after graduation.
You are neither a U.S. citizen or permanent resident.
You did not graduate from a Texas high school.
If you are an international transfer student, see our International Transfer page for more information.
International Transfer
Key Dates
Summer/Fall Enrollment
Application Opens
August 1
Early Action Deadline
October 15
Early Action Deadline for Supplemental Materials
October 22
Regular Decision Deadline
December 1
Regular Deadline for Supplemental Materials
December 10
Early Action Decisions Released
January 15
Admission Decisions Released
February 15
Early Action applicants will receive their admission decision or a notification of deferral by January 15, 2026. Applicants who receive a notification of deferral and regular deadline applicants will receive a decision by February 15, 2026.
Spring Enrollment
Application Opens
March 1
Application Deadline
September 1
Deadline for Supplemental Materials
September 8
Admission Decisions Released
December 1
Application Materials
Required for ALL freshman applicants who are not U.S. citizens or permanent residents and who are not graduating from a Texas high school.
Application
Apply using the Common App for summer/fall admission. Use the link below for spring admission.
Common App
Spring App
Application Fee
Pay the non-refundable application fee of $90 when you submit your application.
Fee waivers are not available for international students.
If you are not able to pay your fee online using a credit card
, you can
mail your payment
in U.S. dollars. Make checks payable to The University of Texas at Austin and write your UT EID on your check or money order. Do not send cash or personal checks.
Essays and Short Answers
Applicants must submit at least one essay and the required short answer prompts. The essay topic, requirements and prompts can be found on our website and in the applications.
Essays and Short Answers
SAT/ACT Scores
SAT and ACT official test scores must be submitted by the appropriate deadline to be considered. Submit at least one set of scores directly from the testing agency. (We do not require the SAT Essay or ACT Writing scores or the ACT Science section). To satisfy the application requirement, scores are only accepted directly from the testing agencies. You are not required to submit SAT Subject Test scores.
Testing agencies should send your scores using the codes designated for UT Austin:
SAT — 6882
ACT — 4240
If you are concerned that your official score report may not arrive by the admissions deadline, you may self-report your scores via the MyStatus admissions portal by clicking on the SAT/ACT test score requirement and filling out the form on the pop up. You must submit a PDF copy of your score report should you choose to self-report.
We will not accept self-reported test scores via transcripts or via the Common App. If you self-report scores, official test scores from the testing agency are still required by the appropriate deadline to complete your application.
For Early Action, official scores from the testing agency must be received by October 22, 2025, or the application will be moved to regular decision. For regular decision, your official scores from the testing agency must be received by December 10, 2025.
High School Transcripts, Class Rank and College Transcripts
Please submit documentation showing that you have completed (or are in progress to complete) an accredited secondary school series equivalent to that of US grade 9-12. Be sure to include ninth grade records even if they were completed in middle or a lower secondary school.  You should also include copies of any external examination results issued by the examination board, school leaving certificates or matriculation exam scores that apply to your education system (such as GCSE, CBSE, SSC, etc). If you have earned any college credit (including dual credit) while in high school, submit official transcripts to UT Austin. If your official transcripts are issued in a language other than English, you must also provide an official English translation.
Transcripts must be submitted by the supplemental materials deadline. We cannot accept transcripts submitted via email.
Transcript Info
High School Prerequisites
You must
complete or be on track to complete certain high school coursework to be competitive for admission.
High School Prerequisites
Review Optional and Additional Materials
Certain majors may require additional materials after you have submitted your application. You may also wish to submit additional materials to strengthen your application, such as letters of recommendation or a resume.
Additional Materials
The following materials may be required. These items must be received by the appropriate deadline.
Major-specific items
Certain majors have specific items they may ask for in addition to your application. Please be sure to review any additional items required by your first- and second-choice majors by visiting their college or school page. Items can be submitted in MyStatus.
Colleges & Degrees
TOEFL/IELTS
If applicable, submit either an official Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) or International English Language Testing System (IELTS). Not sure if you need to submit the TOEFL or IELTS? Visit our
Info for International page
.
Optional Materials
The optional items below are NOT required for admission consideration. However, you may include them as part of your application for admission if submitted by the appropriate deadline. Please submit all documents in MyStatus.
Classic Learning Test
You may submit your score from the Classic Learning Test (CLT) using the Document Upload System.
Resume
You may choose to submit a resume offering additional information about your achievements, activities, leadership positions and student employment.
Letters of Recommendation
You may submit up to two optional letters of recommendation with your admission application. These letters may be from mentors or people who know you well and can include teachers, although we recommend providing letters from sources outside of your high school. The letter should be able to give additional context or information to support your admission that is not already provided in your application or other submitted documents (resume, transcripts). Letters of recommendation are not accepted via email.
Next Steps
Once you’ve submitted your online application, you can track the completion of your application and submit additional documents in MyStatus. Be sure to regularly monitor MyStatus until your application is listed as complete and submit any outstanding to-do items prior to the deadlines.
MyStatus is available 24-48 hours after submitting your application* You may be asked for additional information to complete your application. Check MyStatus to stay up to date.
*Students submitting their application in August will receive an email from the Office of Admissions that includes their UT EID and MyStatus information no later than September 1.
MyStatus
Complete Your Housing Application
You can apply for housing before you receive an admission decision. Housing is offered on a first-come, first-served basis. We recommend applying as soon as possible.
Check Your Email
We’ll alert you about your admission decision, financial aid awards, housing contract and other important details via email. Be sure to check your email regularly.