URL: https://my.mccombs.utexas.edu/bba/registration
TITLE: BBA: Registration - MyMcCombs

Registration
Fall 2026 Semester Registration Timeline
April 6th-17th
Registration for Spring 26 classes opens.
Check your registration information sheet (RIS)
for registration times.
August 31st
Sixth class day
Last day to add a class without permission
September 7th
Tenth class day
Last day to apply for BA 353 (internship course)
September 9th
Twelfth class day
Last day to drop a class without using Q-Drop
Review the course schedule
and
academic calendar
for additional registration and class days.
Registration Drop-Ins & Meeting Topics
Drop-Ins
Meeting Topics
Drop-ins are planned for: Friday, August 21st – Monday, August 31st, from
9:00 am-12:00 pm and 1:00-3:00 pm
You can
access add/drop registration in Waitwell
. You will be asked for your name and EID when you choose which queue you want to be added to; please choose the option that most closely aligns with your registration concern.
Due to the limited space in our office, drop-ins are only available virtually. Please make sure you have access to Zoom or Microsoft Teams.
Closed Class Petition
: You need to take a class this semester to progress in your major and you’re unable to add it to your schedule because it’s closed.
If you are able to take the course in another semester and still graduate on-time, you will not be added to a closed class.
Graduating Senior Petition
: You’re graduating in the upcoming semester and are unable to get into a business class you need to graduate because all sections are either closed or waitlisted.
You can
submit a Graduating Senior Petition
up until
one week before
classes start.
Course Conflict
: The available sections of two or more business courses you need to take this semester are offered at the same time.
Work Conflict
: Your work schedule is conflicting with available sections.
You
must
provide documentation of your work schedule on your employer’s letterhead.
Graduate Student adding a BBA course
: You are a graduate student and your advisor has approved you to add an undergraduate business course.
Graduating Seniors at McCombs
The BBA Program Office is committed to helping students graduate on time. The
graduating senior petition form
will ensure that graduating seniors are able to register for business courses they need to fulfill their major degree requirements. This process is not intended to replace the normal registration procedures and students are expected to attempt to register during their registration periods and use the waitlists/add-drops.
Please be aware of situations in which we
will not
be able to assist you:
Using this form to switch times/instructors for a course you already have.
Using this form for assistance in registering for
non-business courses
. You will have to contact the department/college for any course registration questions. This form is for
business courses only
.
Dropping a course and using this form to try and get a different section of the same course. We will verify your attempts to register for the course and
will not
assist you in attempting to register for particular sections/instructors.
Using this form if you’re
not graduating
in the same semester you’re attempting to register. Your assigned advisor
must
verify that you’ve completed all degree requirements.
Using this form if you are
not a business student
. Non-business students attempting to register for business courses need to submit verification from their advisor stating that the course is needed to graduate.
Fall 2026 petitions will be open Monday, April 13th – Monday, August 17th.
Submit a petition
Non-Business Students
Students outside McCombs can
register for a list of approved courses
from the McCombs curriculum on a space-available basis at specific times during the semester.
Students from all majors are welcome to
enroll in Business Minor courses
. You can register without assistance as long as you meet prerequisites.
Summer Registration note:
During summer, you
do not
need to be a business student to take business courses.
You
must
still meet prerequisites with the exception of B A 101 and B A 324. Those two prerequisites will be waived for non-business students, but all other prereqs will be enforced.
Non-McCombs Exchange Students
If you are
not
on an exchange program with McCombs, your course options will be
limited
. You should follow these steps to enroll in business courses:
1. Identify courses you may be inerested in using the
Business Minor course list
and
list of approved courses for non-business students
.
2. Check for prerequisite requirements for the course(s) you’re interested in.
If there are prerequisites: You’ll need to
email a copy of your unofficial transcript to the BBA Registration Office
. We do not have access to your previous records and need those to ensure that you meet prerequisite requirements. If you need to include additional information for your transcript, please do so. If you meet prerequisite requirements, we will provide a waiver for you to register.
If there are no prerequisites: You should be able to add the course with no issues, as long as space is available.
3. Once you have the waiver (if applicable) you should be able to register for any course listed for the Business Minor or on the list of approved courses for non-business students.
The only exception will be for courses that only come available on the 5th class day.
To add one of these courses, you would need to attend drop-in advising on the 5th class day in order to be added. The course you’re trying to add must be listed as open.
Do you need a course that’s not listed for the Business Minor or on the approved list for non-business students? Please have your home institution
email a list of courses that would meet your exchange requirements to the BBA Registration Office
.
While we will do our best to accommodate your registration needs, we cannot guarantee access to any specific course.
Graduate Students
If you need to/are trying to add an undergraduate business course, you
must
get a letter from your graduate advisor, stating that the course requested is
required for your program of study
.
Email the letter to the BBA Registration Office
Students who provide the letter will be able to attend drop-in registration to be added to the course on the first class day if space is available. We will accommodate graduate students based on course availability up until the 5th class day.