URL: https://my.mccombs.utexas.edu/bba/advising/contact
TITLE: BBA: Advising Contact - MyMcCombs

Contact My Advisor
Find my advisor (Canvas)
Connect with a Peer Advisor
McCombs School of Business Undergraduate Advisors
All incoming business students are assigned to an Academic Advisor. Students will work with the same advisor throughout their time in the business school, unless they transfer to the iMPA Accounting Program or the Business Honors Program. You can find out who your assigned academic advisor is, as well as their contact information and how to make an appointment through your McCombs BBA Advising Canvas page. If your advisor leaves the university, you will still have access to your McCombs Advising Canvas page and will be able to schedule appointments and contact our team while you wait to be assigned a new advisor. We strongly encourage you to email questions directly to your academic advisor; however, Peer Advisors are available at the BBA Program Office (CBA 2.400) for drop-in questions.
Call the BBA Program Office
Anissa Martinez
Anissa joined the BBA Program Office in 2019, having previously worked in the Office of the Registrar at UT Austin. She graduated with her Bachelor of Business Administration in Marketing and her Bachelor of Arts in Sociology from UT Austin in 2016. Anissa has also graduated with her MBA from Concordia University-Texas.
Ernest Barrera
Ernest is from the west Texas town of El Paso. He received his Bachelors of Arts in Communication at St. Edwards University and his Masters of Science in Communication at Northwestern University. Ernest also volunteers for a non-profit called Cheer Austin that raises funds for local non-profits that deal with life threatening challenges and supports the LGBTQ+ community.
Kayla Ford
Kayla joined the BBA Program Office in 2011 as an Academic Advisor after serving as the Coordinator of Leadership Development with the UT Leadership and Ethics Institute. Before she started at UT, she was a Technical Recruiter for an Austin-based, high-tech staffing company. Kayla graduated from UT Austin with a M.Ed. degree in Higher Education Administration and with a B.B.A. in Marketing.
Allyson Gunderson
Allyson came to the BBA Program Office in April 2024. Originally from Lewisville, Texas, she earned her B.S. In Biology: Ecology, Evolution and Behavior from none other than UT Austin. She has been an academic advisor for 2 years and loves connecting with students, coaching them on personal, academic, and professional development during their time at UT.
Jacqueline Barba Dsouza
Jackie was born and raised in the Bay Area but her family is from Jalisco, México. She studied Anthropology and French at St. Mary’s College of California and received her M.Ed. from San José State University in Counseling Education. Jackie joined BBA Advising in July '23 and enjoys supporting First-Gen initiatives. Jackie, her husband and their 2 kids love exploring food and celebrating cultures.
Lovelys Powell
Lovelys joined the BBA Program Office in 2004 as an Academic Advisor, and now serves as Director of Advising. He graduated from UT Austin with degrees in Sociology and Government. He also earned a master of arts degree in Sociology from Texas State. He previously worked in the UT Office of Admissions, Undergraduate Advising Center, Office of the Dean of Students, and in the College of Education.
Megan Major
Megan is originally from Louisiana, and moved to Austin, Texas a few years ago. She has an undergraduate degree in Political Science with a Minor in Organizational Communications and earned her Master’s Degree at Texas State University in Student Affairs and Higher Education. She loves listening to music, going to concerts & festivals, and spending time outdoors & on the water.
Sarah McKay
Sarah joined the BBA Program Office in 2019, having worked previously in the Environmental Science Program, the Department of Economics, and the School of Undergraduate Studies as an academic advisor. She earned her Bachelor of Arts in Psychology and her Master of Education in Counseling Psychology from the University of Missouri – Columbia.
Kyle Duncan
Kyle joined the BBA program office in January 2025. He graduated from UT Arlington with a B.A. in Communication Studies and was a business advisor there until joining the UT team. He is passionate about utilizing resources on and off campus to help students succeed in their academic journey and beyond. When Kyle is not at work, he loves to spend time with his wife, son, and their church.
Sydney Rodriguez
Sydney joined the BBA Advisors in January 2023 and is originally from Floresville, TX. She earned her B.A degrees here at UT-Austin in History and Sociology. During undergrad, she was also a proud member of the Longhorn Band-Showband of the Southwest and Longhorn Pep-Band! Sydney also earned her M.Ed at Texas State University. In her free time, she plays tennis, trivia, and karaoke.
Marc Veloz
A native of Dallas, Marc Veloz received his Bachelors of Social Work from the University of Kansas. He previously worked as a Community Resource Specialist in the Information Services Department at Lawrence Public Library, where his main responsibilities included program development, community outreach, provision of information services, and frontline patron support. After his library work he relocated to Austin, Texas, where he served as an Education Program Officer for Humanities Texas. Marc has always had a passion for working directly with individuals, and for hunting, gathering, and sharing accurate information they need in order to live their best lives. He loves researching a variety of topics for students, connecting them to resources, and learning new things everyday. In his spare time, Marc loves to scrapbook, read, spend time outdoors, travel, and cook new recipes!