URL: https://my.mccombs.utexas.edu/bba/internal-transfer
TITLE: BBA: Internal Transfer - MyMcCombs

BBA Internal Transfer
Internal Transfer
An internal transfer student is one who is enrolled at the University of Texas at Austin, and applies for admission to transfer into the McCombs School of Business. The process is highly competitive. It is not recommended that students enroll in another college at UT Austin on the assumption that they will transfer into the McCombs School of Business. The McCombs School of Business accepts students for Fall and Spring terms.
Application Opens
February 1, 2026
Application Deadline
May 1, 2026, at 11:59 pm
Decisions Released
Mid June
Learn more
Tips for Internal Transfer Students
1. Attend an Internal Transfer information session.
2.
Review the Office of Admissions Internal Transfer Process
3.
Apply online
4. The application includes a personal statement and one optional response.
Prompt
: Please provide a Statement of Educational Intent to include your personal and professional goals and how a degree in the proposed major will prepare you for your future career and/or educational endeavors. Submissions to the McCombs School of Business should address how you will add to the McCombs community and how a business education helps you meet your future personal and/or educational endeavors. (no more than 500 words)
Optional response prompt
: Describe any circumstances that may have adversely impacted your academic performance at UT Austin? (no more than 500 words)
General Requirements
GPA Requirement
A
3.25 minimum in-residence
UT GPA is
required
to apply. However, the GPA requirement for admission is typically higher.
Admitted transfer students in Fall 2025 had an average GPA of 3.89.
Admitted transfer students in Spring 2026 had an average GPA of 3.84.
24 Hours In-Residence at UT Austin
Fall 2026 Admission
:
Required coursework
must
be completed by the end of the spring term. Summer courses taken
after
the application deadline
do not count
.
Placement (credit by exam), correspondence, extension, pass/fail, PED, and/or transfer hours
will not
work to fulfill the in-residence requirement.
Spring 2027 Admission: Required coursework
must
be completed by the end of the fall term.
Course Requirements
Calculus I (M 408C/K/N or M 403K, M 303K, M 308K, M 503K, and M 408R*)
Calculus II (M 408 D/L/S, or M 403L, M 303L, M 308L, M 503L)*
Microeconomics (ECO 304K)
Macroeconomics (ECO 304L)
Rhetoric & Writing (RHE 306) is
strongly encouraged
to complete
before
starting classes at McCombs.
Fall 2026 Admission
All prerequisite coursework
must
be completed by the end of the Spring term. Summer courses taken
after
the application deadline
do not count
. Transferring in-progress prerequisite coursework from outside institutions is permitted for the fall admission cycle (2026).
*Most business students take the K and L calculus sequence. Students that claim AP credit for M 408R will satisfy the Calculus I requirement. Students that complete M 408R
in-residence
at UT Austin will satisfy both Calculus I and Calculus II requirements. Students that complete M 408Q will satisfy both Calculus I and Calculus II requirements.
Spring 2027 Admission
All prerequisite coursework
must
be completed by the end of the Fall term. If the prerequisite coursework listed above
has not
been completed by
December 1
, only prerequisite
coursework taken at UT Austin
will be considered. Transferring in-progress prerequisite coursework from outside institutions
will not be accepted
for the Spring Admission cycle. It will be permitted for the Fall Admission cycle (2027).
Additional  Admission  Information
Ethical, academic and other university violations will be considered and
could prevent admission
to the McCombs BBA Program.
Candidates
must
apply within their first, four long-semesters at UT-Austin.
Students with
90 or more hours
, or
a completed degree
, are encouraged to consider other options, such as completing a degree in their current college/school or alternate institution with the option of pursuing an MBA or MPA degree at a later date.
90 hours includes any university setting coursework, but it
does not
include dual credit or placement credit from high school.
An undergraduate degree in Business
is not required
for entry into a Masters program in Business or Accounting. The majority of people pursuing an MBA degree
do not
have undergraduate degrees in Business.
Canfield Business Honors Program
The Canfield Business Honors Program
requires a separate application
in addition to the Internal Transfer application and is
Sophomore admission only
.
Application deadline: May 1
Decisions released: Mid-June
Learn more about CBHP Sophomore admissions
Integrated MPA
Internal transfer admission to the iMPA program
requires a separate application
and is
for the Fall semester only
.
Before you apply:
ACC 311 and 312
must
be completed.
Early application deadline: June 1
Final application deadline: July 31
For more information,
contact the MPA Program Office
. You
must
be admitted as an internal transfer before the iMPA program will consider your application.
Information Sessions
Spring 2026 Info Sessions
Wednesday, February 4: 4:00 – 5:00 pm, CBA 3.304 (on-campus)
Monday, March 23: 4:00-5:00 pm, CBA 3.304 (on-campus)
Thursday, April 2: 4:00-5:00 pm, CBA 3.304 (on-campus)
Wednesday, April 8: 4:00-5:00 pm,
Virtual (Zoom)
Tuesday, April 21: 4:00-5:00 pm, CBA 3.304 (on-campus)
Email the BBA Outreach Team for more information,
or visit our office during drop-in hours on Thursdays, 2 pm – 4 pm, and Fridays, 10 am – 12 pm in CBA 2.312.
After Internal Transfer Admission
Registering for Classes
During the application, you should register for a regular course load as though you are not applying for transfer admission to business. During your next registration period, you will be allowed to register for business courses.
Get more information
Declaring a Major
If you are admitted to the McCombs School of Business, you will be listed as an unspecified business major. You can declare a specific business major (eg., Accounting, Marketing, etc.) in the McCombs BBA Program Office after you:
1. Enroll in the McCombs School of Business
2. Remove all high school unit deficiencies
3. Complete 30 hours of college credit, including:
Calculus I and II
Micro- and Macroeconomics
BA 101 and MAN 101
4.
Register with BBA Career Management
Alternatives
Pursue a different major at the University of Texas at Austin and complement it with a
McCombs Certificate or Minor
.
Consider McCombs for a graduate business degree. An undergraduate degree in Business
is not required
for entry into a Masters program in Business or Accounting.
Browse our Masters programs:
Hildebrand MBA
(full-time, executive, evening, and weekend options)
MPA
(integrated, traditional, and bridge options)
MS in Business Analytics
(online and on-campus options)
MS in Finance
MS in IT & Management
MS in Marketing
MS in Technology Commercialization