URL: https://my.mccombs.utexas.edu/bba/student-life/womens-case-competition
TITLE: Women's Case Competition - MyMcCombs

Student Life
National Women's Case Competition
Powered by Apple and the McCombs School of Business, the McCombs National Women's Case Competition engages students from across the country in a honored tradition that challenges them to think critically to solve real-world industry challenges.
Save the Date
The 2026 McCombs National Women’s Case Competition will take place at The University of Texas at Austin from February 26-28, 2026.
Empower, Connect, & Learn
Historical Beginnings
Case competitions are an important part of the co-curricular experience for business students across the country. At the McCombs School of Business, enterprising students decided to look into the demographics of the participants of the schools case competitions to confirm the gender gap present in participation in these programs. The students found that although women were 50% of the student population, only 29% of case competition participants were women. To address this discrepancy in participation, students in the Women in Business Association, Undergraduate Business Council, with support from staff in the BBA Program Office, developed the Women's Case Competition to provide opportunities for more women to participate in this critical development opportunity for business students. Beginning in 2016, the Women's Case Competition expanded to include a national competition to engage female-identifying business students from across the country in this impactful co-curricular experience. In the present day, the National Women's Case Competition invites students of all gender identities to participate in the annual competition that takes place on the campus of The University of Texas at Austin.
27
Universities Represented
110+
Student Participants
$12K
Prize Money Awarded
Review frequently asked questions about the Women’s Case Competition.
What is the tentative schedule for the 2026 Women's Case Competition?
The tentative schedule will be released in late Fall 2025.
Where is the hotel block and how much is the nightly rate?
The hotel block is located at The Hilton Garden Inn Austin University Capitol: 301 W. 17th Street, Austin, TX 78701
Rooms are available at this hotel for $199/night + tax.
What universities participated at the 2025 National Women's Case Competition?
The following universities were represented at the 2024 McCombs National Women’s Case Competition:
Abilene Christian University
Boston University
Emory University
Howard University
Indiana University
Kansas State University
Michigan State University
North Carolina A&T State University
Prairie View A&M University
Purdue University
Saint Edward’s University
The University of Connecticut
The University of Iowa
The University of Maryland
The University of Nebraska-Lincoln
The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
The University of Oregon
The University of Texas at Austin
The University of Vermont
University of Colorado – Boulder
University of Miami
University of Michigan
University of South Carolina
University of Southern California
University of Utah
University of Wisconsin-Madison
Washington University in St. Louis