URL: https://my.mccombs.utexas.edu/bba/parents-council/parents-fund
TITLE: Parent's Fund - MyMcCombs

McCombs Parent Council
Parent's Council Funding
The McCombs Parent Council serves an essential role in supporting undergraduate programs, enhancing the quality of the Texas BBA student experience, and continuing the McCombs School tradition of academic excellence and global leadership.
Support is given through annual McCombs Parents Council memberships and permanent endowments in support of the undergraduate program. Any amount you can donate will help McCombs protect and expand programs that will have a direct impact on your student’s education during their time at UT.
Executive Level
Associate Level
$5,000
Members of the Executive Level receive all Associate Level benefits, plus:
Exclusive invitation to meet with key school leadership upon joining.
Opportunitiy to serve as judges, ambassadors, and mentors on campus for the various initiatives funded by the council and make a larger impact on McCombs and our students.
Invitations to school events, including the annual McCombs Hall of Fame celebration.
$1,000
Members of the Associate Level:
Attend semi-annual council meetings in Austin with McCombs leadership.
Receive email updates on McCombs programs and initiatives from the Dean.
Receive email updates tailored to Parent’s Council members from the Associate Dean.
Receive invitations to select McCombs Parent Council events.
The Parent’s Council is playing an integral role in the McCombs School’s goal of creating a $4 million endowment to support the BBA Program. Parents can support this effort by making gifts of any amount to the McCombs Parents Council Endowed Excellence Fund. Additionally, parents can also elect to create their own named endowments, starting at $50,000 paid over five years, to support the overall $4 million goal.
The principal funds of these endowments will be held and managed by the University of Texas Investment and Management Company (UTIMCO) in perpetuity. Accumulated returns from these endowments will be used to enhance BBA programs and the undergraduate student experience.
For more information on how to set up a permanent endowment, please
contact Jaima Russell
, Assistant Director of Development and Alumni Engagement.
Hear from Former Co-Chairs
The McCombs School of Business represents a tremendous asset on the UT campus with outstanding students and professors. We are delighted to be part of the Parents Council and the many great things it does.
Chris and Kelli Mize
Parent's Council Co-Chairs, 2013-2014
Interested in joining the Council?
Get in touch with us if you want to join the Parent's Council or learn about other ways to get involved.
Email the McCombs Parent Council