URL: https://my.mccombs.utexas.edu/bba/advising
TITLE: BBA: Advising - MyMcCombs

MyBBA
Academic Advising
Advising information & helpful resources for BBA students.
Welcome to BBA Advising
BBA students in the McCombs School of Business are served by the BBA Academic Advising team. CBHP and iMPA students should work directly with their advising teams.
Spring 2026 Registration Advising Support Options
The spring 2026
online course schedule
is now available, and registration
will be open on various dates from November through the beginning of next spring
.
Be sure to
check your Registration Information Sheet (RIS)
for your assigned registration times.

Make an Advising Appointment
You can access your advisor’s contact information and calendar through Canvas. Look for McCombs BBA Advising.
Note that as we near registration, some advisors’ calendars will fill up and appointments may not be available.

Registration Plan Review
Our advising team is happy to review your registration plans for spring 2026. You can request this help by:
Running an Interactive Degree Audit to understand what remaining requirements you have.
Create a list of courses that you plan to take, and think about your back-up options.
Fill out this Registration Plan Survey
. Your survey is reviewed and recommendations are emailed to your [EID]@my.utexas.edu email address. This process takes approximately 2-3 days. Our advising team will review and get back to you with feedback and notes on your plan.
p
Drop-In Advising
Drop-ins are offered both in-person and virtually throughout the semester.
View the 2026 drop-in schedule
Log into Waitwell
to join the virtual advising drop-in queue.
Stop by CBA 2.400 for in-person drop-in advising.

BBA Peer Advisors
We also have a team of BBA Peer Advisors who are current McCombs students and can be a valuable resource to other students planning their schedules.
Visit us at CBA 2.400 to chat with a Peer Advisor.
Hours: M-F, 8:00 am – 5:00 pm

BBA Degree Planning Resources
Find tools such as degree check sheets, track lists, and flow charts by major with BBA Degree Planning.
Learn more about degree planning

Major-Specific Emails
The week before registration (early November), every student will receive an email from our office that has reminders and updates specific to their major (this includes unspecified business). Be on the lookout and review the information provided as you plan your schedule.
Degree Planning
Get started
Registration Help
Check out our guide
Internship Requirement
Get ahead
Work with your Academic Advisor
Learn about your advisors