URL: https://my.mccombs.utexas.edu/bba/advising/graduation/faqs
TITLE: BBA: Graduation FAQs - MyMcCombs

Graduation FAQs
The BBA Academic Advising Team has compiled a list of frequently asked questions regarding graduation information. If you have additional questions that aren't covered, email the BBA Graduation Coordinator or contact your advisor.
Email the BBA Graduation Coordinator
Contact your advisor
Frequently Asked Questions
How can I check that I'm on track to graduate this semester?
Run an Interactive Degree Audit
. Once you log in with your UT EID, select ‘Submit’ and a degree audit based on your official catalog will be run. If your audit is at 100%, this means you are eligible to graduate this semester.
Your audit can also be used to identify any issues if it does not show 100% degree progress. Please make sure to apply to graduate for our office to be able to certify your BBA degree.
I have not taken the TX Government Exam to earn full credit for GOV 310L. Can I still apply to graduate?
Yes. If this is the
only requirement
you are lacking to complete your degree by the end of the semester, you can apply to graduate.
Your application will be listed as denied until the TX Government exam is taken and you claim credit for GOV 310L.
Please read the Secure Academic Note that will be sent to you when your graduation application is denied to learn the deadline date by when the credit must be posted.
My study abroad courses needed for graduation have not transferred. Can I still apply to graduate?
Yes. Your application will be listed as denied until the Study Abroad courses are posted.
Please read the Secure Academic Note that will be sent to you when your graduation application is denied to learn the deadline date by when the credit must be posted.
I am on academic probation. Can I apply to graduate?
Yes. If you are completing all other degree requirements, your graduation application will be conditionally accepted.
Your degree will be certified if you meet the conditions outlined on the Secure Academic Note that will be sent to you as part of the conditional approval.
I am taking a Maymester course. Can I still apply to graduate?
Yes. Though you may not have a final grade from the Maymester course before the official conferral date, we can still graduate you for the semester once the grade is posted.
I am taking a course outside of UT Austin. Can I still apply to graduate?
Though we highly recommend students avoid taking courses outside UT Austin in their final semester, you can still apply to graduate.
Your application will be listed as denied until the transfer course is posted. Please read the Secure Academic Note that will be sent to you when the graduation application is denied to learn of the deadline date by when the credit must be posted.
If the grade is posted
after the deadline
, you will need to apply to graduate in a
future semester
.
Please remember that UT Austin has no control over when other institutions send transcripts.
I am a double major with a major outside of Business. Do I need to submit A Separate graduation application for Each major?
Yes. Each school has their own graduation application that are separate from each other. You will need to apply to graduate for each school you plan to earn your degree.
I applied for graduation in a previous semester but did not graduate. Do I need to re-apply for graduation?
Yes. If you did not earn your degree at the end of the semester in which you applied, you will need apply again during the semester you now plan to graduate.
Can I postpone my graduation even if I have completed all my degree requirements?
If your degree audit is at 100%, you will be expected to graduate.
If you
do not
want to graduate, you will need to
appeal your graduation
through the Office of Student Success appeal process.
Can I complete a minor after I graduate?
A minor
must
be completed at the same time you earn your degree.
If you are pursuing a minor and it is not complete, your graduation application will be denied. You will then need to decide to
drop your minor
and graduate with your degree, or
wait to graduate
in another semester so you can complete your minor.
Can I complete a certificate after I graduate?
Students have
up to a year
after they have earned their degree to complete a certificate.
If you apply to graduate and your certificate is
not complete
, your graduation application will be denied. You will then need to decide to drop your certificate and graduate with your degree. If you remove the certificate, you can contact the certificate program coordinator to request the certificate be listed as stand alone.
How do I know the status of my graduation application?
If you have already applied to graduate, you can
check your status online
.
My graduation application was denied. What do I do now?
If your graduation application is denied, you will receive a Secure Academic Note (SAN) stating the reason the application is denied. Please read the SAN and contact your academic advisor with questions or concerns.
I applied to graduate and was approved, but I'm not ready to graduate. Can I cancel my application?
If your degree audit is at 100%, you will be expected to graduate.
If you
do not
want to graduate, you will need to
appeal your graduation
through the Office of Student Success appeal process.
I thought I graduated in a past semester, but I did not. What do I do now?
Please
email the BBA Certification Coordinator
with your concern.
They will review your academic records and provide you the next steps to help you graduate in the current semester.
My graduation application was approved. What happens now?
You will receive various email messages from the College and Office of the Registrar in regards to certification and the Commencement Ceremony.
Degrees will be certified after the semester ends. You will be able to
verify your degree
at that time.
Diplomas will be mailed to your
permanent address listed on UT Direct
two to three months after certification.
What is the difference between graduation and commencement?
Graduation
is the completion of all degree requirements and the conferral of your degree.
Commencement
refers to the ceremony, which is an opportunity for students to celebrate their academic accomplishments with their peers, family and friends.
Participation in commencement does not guarantee or indicate degree completion.
Where can I find more information regarding the commencement ceremony?
The Commencement Ceremony is coordinated by the BBA Office of Student Life.
Learn more about Commencement at McCombs
I don't plan to attend the Commencement Ceremony. Can I still graduate?
Yes, attending the commencement ceremony and applying to graduate are two separate things with each having their own application.
Please make sure you
apply to graduate
if you plan to earn your degree at the end of the semester.
When will I receive my diploma?
Degrees will be certified after the semester ends. You will be able to
verify your degree
at that time.
Diplomas will be mailed to your
permanent address listed on UT Direct
two to three months after certification.
Does my diploma show my major and minor?
Your diploma will list your
name
and the earned degree of
Bachelor of Business Administration
.
It
will not
list your specific major, minor, or certificate. Your
academic transcript
will list these specific items.
Where can I find information regarding Graduation with Honors?
Graduation with University Honors refers to Honors conferred upon Graduation. Honor GPA cutoffs are determined based on the spring graduating class and are applied to the summer and fall graduating class.
See current GPA cutoffs and additional information
Can I still take business courses after I graduate with my BBA?
When you complete a BBA degree you will be listed as a degree-holder, non-degree seeker student. At that time you will
only have access
to
approved courses for non-business students
.
Who can I contact if I have additional questions?
Email the BBA Graduation Coordinator
for additional questions or concerns about graduation.