URL: https://my.mccombs.utexas.edu/bba/international-programs
TITLE: BBA: International Programs - MyMcCombs

BBA International Programs
BBA International Programs is a study abroad office dedicated specifically to McCombs students.
We partner with more than 30 of the most highly ranked business schools and universities from around the world, at which our students are able to take classes that apply directly to their degree plan.
Our programs prepare students to become effective leaders in the global workplace. Studying abroad sets a student apart — it demonstrates self-reliance, motivation, and an ability to take risks and compete in a cross-cultural business environment. Students who return from study abroad programs have an expanded worldview that international companies look for in a candidate.
We understand the unique needs of McCombs students and help them prepare for their international experience. While studying abroad, students can continue to meet their McCombs degree requirements, participate in McCombs student organizations, and compete for internships and jobs.
Explore the many opportunities BBA International Programs has to offer, and contact our office to take the next step toward your study abroad experience!
p
Quick Fact:
More than 50% of McCombs students study abroad.
Info Sessions
Join us at these open-forum sessions to get information about international opportunities offered by McCombs BBA Programs.
Attend an info session
Semester Programs
BBA Semester Exchange and Affiliated Programs allow McCombs students to attend more than 30 partner universities around the world during the fall, spring, summer, or full academic year. Students attend a university in another country and take classes taught by local professors. Most programs offer courses taught in English, but several foreign language options are available.
Check out semester programs
Summer Programs
BBA International Programs offers both independent Summer Exchange and Affiliated Programs and group May Term or Summer Faculty-Led Programs. BBA- and MPA-specific programs allow a cohort of UT students to travel abroad while taking business classes from a McCombs professor. Courses for each location are predetermined. Housing, company visits, and UT-organized excursions are included.
See Summer Exchange and Affiliated Programs
See May Term or Summer Faculty-Led Programs
Incoming Exchange Students
In partnership with more than 30 business schools and universities from around the world, we welcome many international exchange students every year. From the moment International Exchange Students are accepted, they are part of the Longhorn family. We encourage our exchange students to explore all McCombs, UT, and Austin have to offer.
Get more information
Connect with Us
Follow International Programs on social media and stay updated on upcoming trips & opportunities.
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Instagram

Study Abroad Blog
Get a student’s perspective on what it’s like to live and study abroad. Check out our blog to hear from current McCombs students studying at one of our partner institutions around the globe.
Visit our blog
Check out our Photo Gallery
McCombs students are all over the map! See our students scuba diving, touring palaces, and climbing mountains.
View photos on Flickr