URL: https://my.mccombs.utexas.edu/bba/advising/graduation
TITLE: BBA: Graduation (Advising) - MyMcCombs

BBA Advising
Graduation
Congratulations, you made it!
Graduation is the official awarding of a degree after a student has successfully completed all required credit hours and major requirements. To graduate, students must submit a graduation application by the posted deadline. After final grades are posted, the student’s degree audit will confirm whether all university, college, and major requirements have been met. A degree is considered official when it is posted to the student’s transcript- typically two to three weeks after the final term and not by participation in commencement ceremonies.
Spring 2026 Graduation Application Dates
The Spring 2026 Graduation Application will be open from January 29 - March 24.
Apply now
In Absentia
This is intended for students who wish to apply for their degree while not currently enrolled at UT.
Learn more
Questions?
Browse frequently asked questions about graduation or contact the BBA Office.
See graduation FAQs
If you encounter any issues when submitting your graduation application, send an email to
bbacertification@mccombs.utexas.edu
for assistance.
SPRING 2026 Degree Certification Deadline
Final exams
for University
Extension
self-paced
courses
should
be
taken
by: to be announced.
Transcripts
from other
institutions
should
be received and
courses
posted
to
UT
records
by: to be announced
.
To
be
considered
for spring
graduation, courses must
be
listed
as
spring
term
or
from
a
prior
semester.
Credit
by
exam
must
be
claimed
by: to be announced
.
If a requirement is shown as lacking, but the necessary course will be posted to your UT records by the end of the spring semester,
you can still apply to graduate
. The application decision will be listed as “Denied” until the requirement is fulfilled and your audit shows 100%. Students will still be allowed to walk in the appropriate Commencement Ceremony.
If you do not submit your graduation application for Spring 2026, or if you apply but do not officially graduate, you will need to submit a new application for the semester in which you plan to graduate.
Commencement is the celebratory ceremony, hosted by university officials, to publically and formally recognize students. Diplomas are not awarded during commencement, and participation in the ceremony does not confirm the awarding of a degree.
Commencement Contacts
Questions regarding graduation applications/certifications:
Send an email to BBACertification@mccombs.utexas.edu.
Email now
Questions regarding ceremony participation or details:
Send an email to Commencement@mccombs.utexas.edu.
Email now
Tuition Rebate & B-On-Time Loan Forgiveness
If you meet the requirements, you may be eligible for a tuition rebate or B-On-Time Loan Forgiveness.
Tuition Rebate Program
A graduating senior who is a Texas resident may be eligible for a $1,000 tuition rebate upon graduation if they
meet eligibility requirements
set by the State of Texas.
The tuition rebate is for undergraduates only. Given the unique nature of the iMPA program and the strict requirements of the tuition rebate program, it is very unlikely that iMPA students will qualify for a tuition rebate.
How to apply:
Complete the Tuition Rebate Application
To apply for Tuition Rebate,
print
and
scan
the completed application into your computer as a PDF and email it to
TuitionRebate@mccombs.utexas.edu
. Save your email because it will serve as your receipt.
Do not
fax or drop off the paper application to us. We will only accept scanned applications attached to your email.
Deadline
: Tuition Rebate Application forms are due by 5:00 pm (CST) the business day before the official date of graduation. For Spring 2026 graduates, the deadline is May 8, 2026 at 11:59 pm.
B-On-Time Loan Forgiveness Program
The Texas B-On-Time Loan program provides low or no-interest loans to eligible Texas students. These loans can be forgiven upon graduation if certain conditions are met. Only students who have a B-On-Time loan obtained through the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board are eligible to submit a B-On-Time Loan Forgiveness Application.
Fill out the B-On-Time Loan Forgiveness Eligibility Confirmation Form
Priority deadline:
before the last class day of your graduation semester
Once you graduate, we will begin processing your form, which may take several weeks. Forms should be scanned and saved as a PDF, then attached to an email to
TuitionRebate@mccombs.utexas.edu.