URL: https://my.mccombs.utexas.edu/bba/student-life/business-school-programs/honors-convocation
TITLE: Honors Convocation - MyMcCombs

Honors Convocation
Honoring Excellence
Each year, the McCombs School of Business hosts Honors Convocation, an intimate ceremony celebrating McCombs' students academic and leadership excellence.
Recap: 2024 Honors Convocation
The 2024 Honors Convocation ceremony was held on Friday, April 16 in the William C. Powers, Jr. Student Activity Center Ballroom. We can't wait to honor the next round of McCombs excellence in 2025!
Academic Department Awards
Learn about the different academic awards McCombs students can be nominated for by their department.
See department awards
BBA Program Awards
Learn about the variety of BBA Program Awards we nominate McCombs students for.
See BBA Program Awards
Student Leadership Awards
Learn about how McCombs students exemplify the meaning of leadership.
See student leadership awards
Consider yourself a leader? Apply for a McCombs Student Leadership Award
Apply for a BJGM Leadership Award
Apply for the Rising Star Leadership Award
Texas McCombs has produced leaders and innovators for over 100 years. Learn about the awards and accolades we honor our students with each year.
Academic Department Awards
Excellence in Accounting Award
: This award is presented to a 4th year accounting student who has demonstrated excellence at all levels of their accounting coursework. The recipient of this award embodies a mastery of accounting knowledge that suggests the recipient will be a leader in a professional accounting environment.
R. Conrad Doenges Award
: The R. Conrad Doenges award is given to a Canfield Business Honors senior who, in the judgment of his or her peers and the Canfield BHP faculty and staff, has achieved notable performances in academics and leadership. This award is named in memory of R. Conrad Doenges, who was a champion for the Canfield BHP Program and served as dean of both the BBA and MBA programs.
Woody Hunt Award for Academic Excellence
: The Woody Hunt Award for Academic Excellence is given to one Canfield BHP senior each year and was created in 2016. The Hunt Award is named after Canfield BHP Class of ’66 alumnus Woody Hunt, who committed significant funding towards Canfield BHP recruiting scholarships and a Canfield BHP Excellence Fund that supports student programming.
Beverly and Will O’Hara Service Award
: This award is given to one Canfield BHP senior each year and was created in 2016. This person is selected based on their outstanding service to the university. The O’Hara Award is named after Beverly and Will O’Hara. Mr. O’Hara was a former professor for Canfield BHP. He and his wife, Beverly, are lifelong contributors to Canfield BHP, McCombs, and UT, whose involvement in Canfield BHP has made a lasting impact on the program.
Ernest W. Walker Outstanding Finance Award
: The Ernest W. Walker Outstanding Finance Student Award is named in honor of Dr. Ernest Walker, Professor Emeritus and long-time member of our finance faculty. This award is presented to a finance senior who has exhibited strong commitment and high achievement within the finance major.
Ray Nixon Endowed Award for Excellence in Finance
: The Ray Nixon Endowed Award for Excellence in Finance is given to one graduating Finance senior who has demonstrated outstanding leadership and has a strong sense of community involvement. This award was established by The University of Texas Board of Regents on September 26, 2012, to benefit the University of Texas McCombs School of Business.
Eleanor Jordan Award
: This award is given to one Management Information Systems student every year who has demonstrated exceptional academic performance and leadership capabilities.
Lamar Johnson Marketing Excellence Award
: This award is given to one student every year who has demonstrated exceptional academic performance and leadership capabilities within the Department of Marketing.
Outstanding Business & Public Policy Student Award
: This award is given to a graduating McCombs senior who has demonstrated excellence inside and outside the classroom while pursuing the Business and Public Policy Certificate.
Outstanding International Business Student Award
: This award is given to a graduating McCombs senior who has demonstrated a commitment to the field of international business and who has shown leadership in enhancing global opportunity, outreach, and impact at the McCombs School of Business.
Management Excellence Award
: This award recognizes the superior academic performance of an undergraduate Management major at the McCombs School of Business.
Outstanding Supply Chain Management Award
: This award recognizes an undergraduate Supply Chain Management student that exhibits academic excellence and significant peer leadership experience.
BBA Program Awards
Outstanding Service Award
: This award recognizes students who have made a significant contribution through dedicated service to the BBA Program Office.
Student Leadership Award
: This award recognizes students who have displayed excellence in student leadership and may be presented to an individual or an organization that exemplifies great leadership.
BBA Advisory Board: Rising Star Leadership Award
This award is presented to a student who has proven an established commitment to service through outstanding scholarship, achievements, exemplary leadership, and community involvement. The recipient of this award displays the core values of strong character, an ethical and principled approach to leadership, and a genuine interest in making McCombs a better place beyond their undergraduate years at the university. Following graduation, the recipient will serve a one-year term on the McCombs BBA Advisory Board with the option of renewing for a full three-year term.
Learn more about the McCombs BBA Advisory Board
Student Leadership Awards
Barbara Jordan Senior Legacy Award
: The Barbara Jordan Senior Legacy Award seeks to identify two outstanding seniors who display leadership and have been vital in leaving a legacy at the McCombs School of Business. Named after the first African-American woman from the Deep South to be elected to the U.S. Congress, the award honors students who have shown similar perseverance in their own leadership. A committee of students evaluates all applicants on the impact they have made as student leaders, mentors, and in pursuit of their unique goals.
George Mitchell Student Leadership Award
: The George Mitchell Student Leadership Award seeks to identify two outstanding students from each of the freshman, sophomore, and junior classes who actively inspire leadership in themselves and others and have an impactful vision for the future of the McCombs School of Business. As President and CEO of the University Co-Op, George H. Mitchell contributes to the continued innovation and financial stability of The University of Texas at Austin. To emulate this spirit of collaboration, a committee of students evaluates applicants on the growth of personal leadership, vision, and achievement during their time at McCombs.
Most Outstanding McCombs Student Organization (MSO) Award
: The Most Outstanding McCombs Student Organization (MSO) Award seeks to identify a McCombs student organization that has demonstrated above-and-beyond dedication to fulfilling its unique mission. A committee of students evaluates the organizations’ goals, strategies, and overall work towards improving the McCombs School of Business.
Most Impactful McCombs Student Organization (MSO) Award
: The Most Impactful McCombs Student Organization (MSO) Event Award seeks to identify a McCombs student organization that hosts an event, regardless of size and tenure, that strives to make a lasting impact on the McCombs community. A committee of students evaluates the event’s goal, significance to McCombs, and overall impact towards better fulfilling the organization’s mission.