URL: https://my.mccombs.utexas.edu/bba/advising/graduation/in-absentia
TITLE: BBA: Graduation In Absentia - MyMcCombs

BBA Advising
Graduation In-Absentia
If you're not enrolled in-residence at UT Austin during the semester you anticipate earning your degree, you will need to apply to graduate in-absentia.
What is Graduation In-Absentia?
Graduation in-absentia refers to graduating during a semester when a student is not enrolled at the University of Texas at Austin. Students must have completed all degree requirements in order to register for in-absentia graduation.
See criteria for graduating in-absentia
Review in-absentia resources & apply
Students who wish to graduate in-absentia:
Must
have been a business major and enrolled in the McCombs School of Business at the time they left the University of Texas at Austin.
Cannot
already have a Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) degree from the University of Texas at Austin.
Must
have completed
all
requirements for graduation by the in-absentia deadline.
Cannot
be enrolled at the University of Texas at Austin in-residence during the semester planned for graduation.
In-Absentia Graduation Checklist
Students who meet the eligibility criteria for in-absentia graduation should:
Know the deadline to apply
for graduation for the semester in which you plan to graduate. This information is listed every semester in the
UT Academic Calendar
.
The application period begins after the 12th class day and ends the last class day during both the Fall and Spring semesters.
The Summer application period begins after the 4th class day of the first summer session and ends the last class day of the second summer session.
Clear any holds
on your academic record. Registration in-absentia
cannot
occur until all financial and non-financial holds have been cleared. To get information about holds on your record, you can:
Call Student Accounts Receivable at
512-471-7777
View your holds online in UT Direct
Transfer coursework
. It’s your responsibility to submit any transcripts from other institutions to the Office of Admissions. There are two ways to do this:
1. (suggested): Have the other institution(s) send a transcript directly to the UT Austin Office of Admissions, either electronically or through postal mail.
2. Hand-deliver the transcript(s) to the Office of Admissions with a note stating that you’re a graduating senior.
You should complete either of these options
at least one month prior
to the graduation application deadline and follow-up to ensure that your transcript was received.
Transfer coursework
must
be on your official UT record by the graduation application deadline.
Complete UT online Extension work
. It’s your responsibility to take the final exam(s)
at least 2 weeks prior
to the graduation application deadline. This is necessary to ensure that final grades are posted in order for you to submit an in-absentia application by the deadline.
Complete placement coursework
. It’s your responsibility to take the exam(s) and petition for credit before the deadline to petition for that semester.
Student Testing Services
can provide information about testing dates and petition deadlines.
Call Student Testing Services:
512-232-2662
You
must
have placement credit on your official UT record by the graduation application deadline.
In-Absentia Application
You can request to graduate in-absentia by submitting the
McCombs In-Absentia Request Survey
.
It’s your responsibility to complete/submit the survey before the deadline.
After receiving the survey, we will review your graduation status and contact you with further instructions and any additional forms necessary to officially apply. Please
do not wait
until the deadline to do this, as it may be too late given that all forms must be received in the office by the deadline.
For additional questions:
Email:
BBACertification@mccombs.utexas.edu
Call:
512-471-0690
Diploma & Commencement
If all requirements are met by the prescribed deadline(s), you will receive information about your diploma and commencement from the Registrar’s Office.
It’s important to
update both your local and permanent addresses in the university system
. Your diploma will be mailed to the permanent address on file with the university.
Learn more about McCombs Commencement