URL: https://my.mccombs.utexas.edu/bba/student-life/dynamc
TITLE: DYNAMC Admitted Participants - MyMcCombs

BBA Student Life
DYNAMC
Discover Yourself in Accounting Majors and Careers
Congratulations
Welcome to McCombs DYNAMC! We look forward to hosting you on the Forty Acres at the University of Texas at Austin. This is your one-stop-shop for packing lists, driving directions, and instructions for when you come to campus. If you have not yet accepted or declined your offer, please do so no later than May 8th. In addition to accepting your admission online, your parents will be required to complete release forms (these will be sent via email). Please make sure you and your parent/guardian review and sign all appropriate forms in Ideal Logic.
#5
BBA Program
Undergrad Business Program (U.S.)
U.S. News & World Report
#1
Accounting Program
BBA, MS & Ph.D. Program
U.S. World & News Report, Public Accounting Report
12
Undergrad Specialties
Ranked Top 10 in the U.S.
U.S. World & News Report
Schedule of Events
The McCombs DYNAMC program is your opportunity to experience life as a Longhorn, attend classes taught by world-renowned faculty, network with industry professionals, and make lifelong friendships. During our week together, you’ll learn professional skills and develop your knowledge of majors and careers in business. The program culminates with a team case competition that will allow you and your team to show off your new skills and impress a panel of faculty and corporate judges.
Download a DYNAMC sample schedule
We’re offering an
optional
Family Orientation on June 23rd from 2:00-2:55 pm for your parent/guardian to attend. This orientation will include an overview of your week and Q&A session with Student Life staff.
Arrival & Departure Information
Arrival
Check-in will be on Sunday, June 23 from 1:00-1:55 pm at
San Jacinto Residence Hall
.
The
closest public parking
to San Jacinto Hall is
Brazos Garage
, located at the intersection of Brazos and Martin Luther King, Jr. Blvd.
Get information about parking rates
.
Note: if you choose to park elsewhere on campus, UT Parking & Transportation enforces all parking regulations (even on weekends) and will issue tickets if necessary.
After check-in, family members are invited to stay for our optional Family Orientation from 2:00-2:55 pm.
If you’re making plans to travel by plane or bus:
Plan to arrive in Austin by 12:00 pm on June 23.
Email your itinerary to McCombs Summer Programs
so we can arrange for pickup.
Departure
DYNAMC concludes on Friday, June 28 at 3:00 pm.
Families can pick up students from San Jacinto Hall at this time. As a courtesy to our staff, please ensure that you arrive on time to pick up your student(s).
If you travelled by plane or bus:
Plan your departure between 5:00 and 6:00 pm (or shortly after) on June 28.
Email your itinerary to McCombs Summer Programs
so we can help arrange a shuttle.
Directions
The University of Texas at Austin is in the heart of the city of Austin, north of downtown and the State Capitol. Main thoroughfares bordering campus include:
Guadalupe Street to the west,
Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard (MLK) to the south,
Red River Street to the east, and
Dean Keaton Street (26th Street) to the north.
View an area map of UT Austin
See directions based on your route/location:
From Interstate Highway 35 (IH-35)
Take the Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard (MLK) exit heading west to access the southern part of the campus.
From MoPac Expressway, which is also known as Texas State Highway, Loop 1 (MoPac)
Take the Windsor Road exit heading east. At Lamar Boulevard, Windsor Road becomes 24th Street, which dead-ends into Guadalupe Street, the western border of campus.
From Texas State Highway 71
From the east, take IH-35 northbound and follow directions given above. From the west, take MoPac and follow directions given above.
From U. S. Highway 290
From the east, take IH-35 northbound and follow directions given above. From the west, follow the directions for Highway 71 given above.
From U. S. Highway 183 (also known as Research Boulevard 183)
From the north, take MoPac southbound and follow directions for MoPac listed above.
From the south, take Airport Boulevard northbound to Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard (MLK). Head east on Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard (MLK) and campus will be on your right.
For those travelling to Austin by means other than automobile, browse the following to help plan your trip:
Austin-Bergstrom International Airport
Airport Shuttles and Taxis
Capitol Metro Airport Shuttle Route
Greyhound Bus Lines
Capital Metro
Packing List
Keep in mind that these are suggestions. Pack what you think you’ll need in order to be comfortable during your stay at UT Austin.
Download a packing list
What to pack:
Comfortable, casual outfits for 6 days (i.e., shorts/pants/jeans, t-shirts, sweaters/light jackets for evenings/cold classrooms)
Comfortable shoes, socks, and at least one pair of dress shoes
Pajamas
Swimsuit and beach towel
Bathrobe, shower shoes, and bath towel
Professional dress outfit(s)
DYNAMC participants will wear professional outfits twice during the week.
Toiletries (i.e., soap, shampoo, toothpaste, etc.)
Notebook & pen for taking notes
Umbrella and/or rain jacket
Medication: prescription and non-prescription medication that may be needed
You will need to turn in all medication to McCombs Staff upon arrival.
Optional items to pack:
Your comforter/blanket and/or pillow
The residence hall provides pillows and blankets; however, campers may want to bring additional bedding items, as the residence hall may be chilly.
Snacks
We will provide food and drinks, but understand that some students may want/need to bring their own snacks and water for their dorm room. Each room contains a mini fridge and microwave.
Petty cash for minor, personal needs or souvenirs
Iron and ironing board for professional attire
Professional attire guidelines:
What to wear:
Solid-colored, matching, two-piece suit (jacket with pants or skirt)
Suggested colors: black, navy, dark grey
Clean, close-toed shoes
Tie (optional)
Well-groomed appearance
What to avoid:
Suits that are ill-fitting (too tight, loose, or short)
Boots (dress boots are ok) and sandals
Skinny jeans, capri pants
Heels more than 3 in. tall
Flashy accessories
White socks
Parking Information
We strongly recommend parking in one of the “pay to park” garages on campus.
The closest garage to San Jacinto Hall and the McCombs School of Business is the
Brazos Parking Garage
located at the intersection of Martin Luther King, Jr. Drive and Brazos Street. The parking fee is between $3-$18.
Get more information about UT parking garages
Please note that University Parking and Transportation
will ticket you
for parking in a permitted space without a permit and will monitor metered/permit parking spaces during the weekend.