URL: https://my.mccombs.utexas.edu/bba/student-life/student-organizations/tools-and-rules
TITLE: BBA: Tools and Rules - MyMcCombs

MASO Tools and Rules
Support of Student Life advisors and administrators
Access to the Frito-Lay Student Leadership Center
Use of reserved space in Leadership Center (locker included)
Ability to apply for funding from Student Life and BBA AEEF
Ability to request corporate contact information
Approval to post 25 stamped event flyers around McCombs
Name recognition on Texas BBA website and a spot at Gone to Business
Ability to advertise events on BBA Blog, in the MASO Newsletter, and Message Monitors
In order for your organization to stay active in/enjoy the benefits of MASO, the organization
must
:
Remain in active status with
Student Activities (UT Dean of Students Office).
Follow UT Student Activities rules and. guidelines.
Complete the MASO application each May and/or when officers change.
Have
at least two officers
attend
mandatory
MASO trainings & meetings.
Appropriately utilize the Frito Lay Leadership Center.
Have your organization president attend the Organization Presidents’ Roundtable.
Spend money and use resources appropriately.
Have 60% or more Business students.
Professionally represent McCombs at all times.
Respond to Student Life Office inqueries in a timely manner.
Schedule
required
individual meetings with the Student Life Office.
Event Planning Checklist
Request for Social Media
Give to a Student Org
Read the BBA News Blog
Event Planning
Download the Event Planning Checklist
The
Official Occasion Expense Online Form (OOEF)
gives permission to spend money using the organization’s UT account or a McCombs funding source.
The OOEF is accessible to only two designated representatives from each student organization.
Send the OOEF with your budget to Karl Spencer
at least two weeks prior to your event (one month prior for large events).
Rooms and Spaces
Business School Room Reservations
Available to only two designated representatives from each student organization.
Legacy Rooms require a faculty or staff member to be present at the event and can only be reserved by the McCombs department that co-sponsors your event.
Find a Space: Office of the Dean of Students
Database designed to help student organizations in locating both indoor and outdoor spaces for their events.
See photos/descriptions of event spaces and get contact information for reservations.
General Classroom Reservations (Student Activities)
Student organizations
must
use this request form for all on-campus general purpose rooms (this includes most classrooms in McCombs buildings).
Frito-Lay Leadership Center Reservations
For McCombs Affiliated Student Organziations only.
MASO students can reserve the two available conference rooms through Karl Spencer (
must
be for official organization business).
Recurring meeting requests for the Frito-Lay Leadership Center are taken after the first MASO training of each semester.
If you receive a new student ID,
email Karl Spencer
to make sure it’s on file.
Rooms with media capabilities are available in the
UTC, CBA, and GSB McCombs buildings
.
Event Food
Fill out the online approval form for food at events
MASO students must fill out the online food approval form at least 10 days in advance of their event. Bake sale/potluck items can be exceptions. Contact our office for more information.
Refer to the approved vendor list given at MASO training or visit the Student Life Office to get the most up-to-date list.
Event Parking
If you need parking assistance for your event,
fill out the Departmental One-Usage Garage Card Request
. Come by our office; we will assist you with the form, have it signed, and contact the designated member to pick up the form prior to the event.
Before you come in to fill out the form, be sure to know the account information for charging the pass fees ($11/pass).
Funding and Spending
Funding
BBA Student Life Funding: check your email in September for further instructions.
BBA Alumni Endowed Excellence Fund: funding is allocated by a committee of alumni, students, and Student Life staff twice a year. Applications are due August 15th by 12:00 pm.
Corporate Funding:
Send a proposal (PDF) to Stephanie Hinojosa-Galvan
.
Your proposal will be listed online
for companies to review.
For corporate contacts,
send an Excel spreadsheet
(in alphabetical order) to Stephanie Hinojosa-Galvan.
Spending
Payee Information Forms are required for payments to vendors or individuals if they’re not already listed in the UT payment system.
Vendor PIF
: vendors
must
be willing to set up a direct bill with the Student Life Office and accept payment within 30 days of service or bill (whichever is later).
Student PIF: used for student(s) receiving cash prizes or awards from competitions.
Office supplies:
MASOs get a discounted price with Office Max Today’s Solution and should not purchase supplies with university funds with another vendor.
Submit the item number, description, quantity, and price to Karl Spencer
at least 5 working days
before you actually need the supplies.
W-9 Form Request
Fill in vendor information (Company Name, address, Contact Name, phone and fax numbers) and check the W-9 box.
The UT Department should be:
McCombs School of Business/Texas BBA Program Office
1 University Station, B6100
Austin, TX 78712
Contact name, phone and fax number should be sent to Karl Spencer for records. In the comments box, include the name of the organization requesting the information.
Off-Campus Bank Account
Opening a Bank and Credit Union Account requires a Social Secutiy Number (
not recommended
) or an EIN (Employee Identification Number). The SALD Office has records of EINs for organizations. Check with them
before
requesting from the IRS.
Membership dues and fees go into off-campus accounts.
Money donated to the university
cannot
go into off-campus accounts.
You
cannot
use the university’s tax exemption when using funds out of off-campus bank accounts.
Apply for an Employer Identification Number
1. Select ‘Apply Now’.
2. Select ‘Begin Application’.
3. Select ‘View Additional Types, including Tax Exempt and Government Organizations’ and continue.
4. Select PTA/PTO or School Organizations and continue.
5. Fill in name and SSN and select ‘I am a responsible and duly authorized officer or member of this organization (
not
3rd party)’
6. Complete mailing address (Student Activities Org mailbox) and your phone number.
Call the Student Activities Office at 512-471-3065
for questions.
7. For specific name, enter the name of your student organization.
8. Mail should be sent to the address you enter.
9. Continue filling out the form where applicable.
Note: the SSN of the individual filling out the form shows on the last page; however, the organization is liable for any taxes and/or forms that are required, etc.
Printing and Promotion
Message Monitors
: review message monitor guidelines and have another person review your slide prior to emailing it in.
BBA Social Media
: Submit posts, pictures, and announcements
via our Social Media Form
.
Email us if you have any questions
.
Posters & flyers
: Review our posting policy prior to creating your marketing pieces and/or sending members to put them up.
If UT funds are allocated to your organization and spent on printing, ink sheets
must
be turned in to CBA 2.302 within one working day.
Posters on tripods may be put
up one week prior
to your event and
must
be stamped by Student Life.
Large poster mounting and printing
: use your organization’s UT account number.
Easel reservations are available from AV Technology Solutions or Student Life.
Location reservations (doors in front of respective office) are available through the Dean’s Office or Student Life.
Receipts
must
be turned into CBA 2.302 within one working day.
Websites
: the McCombs Web Team
does not
host student websites.
Visit Student Activities
for information on a web presence for your organization.
Student business cards
: UT Printing Services can make your organization up to 100 official McCombs business cards for $15.
Visit BBA Career Services in CBA 2.116 or
download the form from McCombs Online Resources
.
McCombs logo download
: please review logo guidelines before
downloading and using the logo
for your promotional materials.
You
must
include the Student Life logo on all marketing materials.
Travel
If you are attending a trip organized or sponsored by the Office of Student Life, you
must
complete all travel documents and follow university travel requirements and guidelines.
View travel documents