URL: https://www.mccombs.utexas.edu/centers-and-initiatives/center-for-global-business/students/global-change-maker-scholarships
TITLE: CGB: Global Change Maker Scholarships - McCombs School of Business

Scholarships for Travel
Global Change Maker Scholarships
Open to all UT undergraduates pursuing an international experience, with awards up to $5,000. Applications will re-open in August for 2027 travel..
Contact us
International experience transforms lives by facilitating new experiences and perspectives, cultivating adaptability and resilience, and expanding horizons.
Global Change Maker Scholarships help remove financial barriers to study abroad and international internships so that more students can prepare to lead in a world in which business has no borders.
Awards of up to $5,000 are available to UT undergraduates from all majors with an interest in international business who are looking to incorporate an international experience into their time at the university.
Before You Apply
The application for Global Change Maker Scholarship requires a lot of information. Applicants are encouraged to take a few minutes to prepare and collect some information prior to starting the process.
Know your expected costs
You will be expected to provide the estimated cost for your intended experience. These costs typically include some or all of the following:
Housing and food
Airfare
Local transportation
Medical and insurance expenses
Passport and visa
Required fees (e.g. application and program participation fees)
Books, materials, and personal items
If you are studying abroad through UT:
You
will not be required
to itemize your response unless your estimated cost deviates from the budget provided by Texas Global.
Visit Texas Global Education Abroad
for more information.
If you are studying abroad through another institution:
Contact that institution for a breakdown of estimated cost. You will be
required
to submit the estimated cost breakdown to CGB prior to your travels.
Download a budget template
to help gather necessary information.
If you are completing an international internship:
You will be expected to submit a breakdown of your estimated costs along with your anticipated salary information in order to complete your application.
Download a budget template
to help gather necessary information.
Prepare your essays
The application has two essay questions. You are
strongly encouraged
to take full advantage of the opportunity to convey information about your plans, and to draft the essays in advance so you can review them for accuracy prior to submission.
Please note that as these essays are inherently personal in nature, students are strongly encouraged to refrain from using AI assistance in preparing their submission.
Essay #1: Professional Direction & International Business
(no more than 250 words)
Describe where you believe you will be professionally in the next five years. Include your short- and long-term career goals, how the study of international business will impact those goals, and how you plan to leverage your international experience into the launching of your career plans.
Essay #2: Additional Financial Need & Circumstances
(no more than 100 words)
Describe the nature and extent of your financial need and any special financial circumstances. Be specific in identifying extenuating circumstances to assist the committee in understanding your need and how a scholarship would positively address it.
Update your resumé
A resumé is
required
for the application, and submissions should be in line with the McCombs Career Management guidelines. If you have not already prepared a resumé, or if yours needs to be reviewed/updated prior to submittal, download the following resources:
Resumé Guide
Resumé Template
Identify your reference
The application requests you provide a reference familiar with:
your intention to complete an international experience
your interest in international business, and
your any other unique circumstances that relate to your academic and professional journey.
You will be asked to provide the name and email address of your reference and they will be sent a form to complete – please let your reference know to expect a message from the Center for Global Business.
Request preliminary approval
If you are an International Business major or are pursuing an International Business or Global Management minor, please
request preliminary approval
before
submitting your application.
Obtaining preliminary approval prior to applying ensures that your intended experience will count toward your major/minor requirement and that you will receive full credit for your planning skills on the scholarship application.
Read THE FAQs
Browse our frequently asked questions to familiarize yourself with eligibility requirements and criteria. They contain useful information, including how award decisions are made.
23
Different Countries
Experienced
45
Different Programs
Including Internships
60
Awards Made to Students
As of Summer 2025
$159K
Awarded to Students
As of Summer 2025
About the Brimble Gift
We are grateful to Ray Brimble (Class of 1974) for his support of CGB and its students through the Brimble Global Impact Initiative and its Global Change Makers Scholarships. Ray is a true example of how what starts here changes the world and changes lives.
Read about Ray's gift
Frequently Asked Questions
Take a minute to review our FAQs. If your question isn’t listed, please email us at
msb-cgb@mccombs.utexas.edu
.
Who is eligible?
Undergraduate students from
all majors who are enrolled and in good standing
at The University of Texas at Austin are eligible for Global Change Maker Scholarships.
There are two exceptions:
1. Students who have previously been awarded a Global Change Maker Scholarship may not receive a second award.
2. Students
may not
receive a scholarship after completion of their international experience; awards are made only for future international experience plans.
Do I have to major or minor in International Business?
Interest in international business is
encouraged but not required
to apply.
Students who have demonstrated an interest in international business in one or more of the following ways receive
additional consideration
for scholarship awards:
Declaring an
International Business major
at McCombs.
Pursuing an
International Business
or
Global Management minor
.
Taking and completing
international business course
(most of which are open to all upper division students).
Students are also able to demonstrate their interest in international business in their response to Essay #1 through the application process.
What types of experiences are eligible?
As the scholarships are intended to further international experience in the course of integrated study, study abroad and international internships of 4 weeks or more are eligible for scholarship awards. Note that volunteer experiences and other personal travel are not eligible for awards.
Longer experiences (6 weeks or more) and experiences with an employment element (internships) receive additional consideration as they demand a higher level of commitment on the part of the student.
When should I apply?
Students can apply for priority consideration (approximately one year before proposed travel) and/or for regular consideration (usually the semester before proposed travel). Projected deadlines are below, but please
check the application
to confirm the specific deadline.
Proposed Travel
Priority Window
Regular Window
Spring Term
Dec. 1 – Feb. 1 (year before travel)
Aug. 15 – Oct. 1
Fall Term
Aug. 15 – Oct. 1 (year before travel)
Dec. 1 – Feb. 1
Summer Term
Aug. 15 – Oct. 1
Dec. 1 – Feb. 1
May Term
priority awards not available
Dec. 1 – Feb. 1
Please note that due to the timing of many May Term programs, you
may not receive funds
prior to the program fee payment deadline.  CGB is happy to work with students in this situation to assist in requesting an extension where possible.
What if my plans aren't final yet?
Applications are accepted each semester. Admission to a study abroad program or confirmation of an international experience
is not required.
Students are
strongly encouraged
to apply only when their plans for international experience (including timing, location, and university or employer) are established as
preference is given
to those whose international experience is
fully planned out
.
Are references required? Who should I ask?
A reference is
strongly encouraged
but not required.  Applications that contain a personal reference receive additional consideration, but applications without a reference will still be reviewed.
References should be familiar with your plans for an international experience, your interest in international business, and your personal circumstances.  This usually means an academic advisor, study abroad advisor, or a UT faculty member familiar with the applicant’s academic and international plans, as well as the applicant’s interest in international business.
There is a
strong preference for references from advisors
as they indicate the applicant is fully aware of how international experience will impact their degree planning and course scheduling.
How It Works
The application will request the name and email address of your reference
Your reference will receive an automated email with a link to the reference form when you submit your application.
Students are encouraged to let their reference know to expect the message, and to check in with their reference to ensure the form has been completed.
Letters of recommendation
are not
accepted.
References
must
be completed
no later than one week
after the application window closes.
What criteria are used to make awards?
All application components are reviewed and scored with respect to the following three elements:
Commitment to the Study of International Business
(approx. half of score)
Students pursing International Business credentials (an international business major or minor) receive preference for scholarship awards. Commitment to the study of international business is also demonstrated through the completion of IB coursework, feedback provided by the applicant’s reference, and through Essay #1 (Professional Direction & International Business).
Longer experiences (6 weeks or more) and experiences with an employment element (internships) also receive additional consideration as they demand a higher level of commitment on the part of the student.
Financial Need
Financial need is assess in collaboration with the Office for Student Financial Services, as well as through Essay #2 (Additional Financial Need & Circumstances).  Work experience during the academic year (as reflected on the submitted resume) is also considered an indication of financial need.
Academic Performance and Potential
Academic performance and potential are assessed through the applicant’s in-residence GPA, the submitted resume, feedback provided by the applicant’s reference, and the ability to communicate and write effectively in the essay portion of the application.
How much is each award?
Awards typically range from $1,000
up to $5,000
. Multiple awards are made each semester, and the number and amount of awards will vary depending on applicant demand.
t
Still have questions?
If your question wasn’t covered in our FAQs,
send us an email
. We’re here to help.
Make it Happen
Traveling abroad might not be easy, but it's worth the effort. Apply today and contact us if you have any questions!
Apply now
Contact us