URL: https://www.mccombs.utexas.edu/for-ut-undergrads
TITLE: For UT Undergrads - McCombs School of Business

Specialized Master's
Are You a Current UT Undergrad?
If you're curious about business school, McCombs offers a unique opportunity to stay on the 40 Acres one additional year and earn your bachelor's and master's in just five years through one of our specialized master's programs.
Apply Now
What is a Specialized Master's Degree?
A Specialized Master’s is a one-year, full-time graduate program designed to provide specialized business knowledge and skills beyond those gained as an undergrad.
At McCombs, we offer Master of Science (MS) degrees in Business Analytics, Finance, Marketing, Information Technology & Management, and Technology Commercialization, as well as a one-year Master in Professional Accounting (MPA). Open to all majors, these programs help you sharpen analytical and technical skills to stand out in the job market.
If you’re a junior or senior thinking about what’s next, a Specialized Master’s could be your next step!
Sophomore Year
Now’s a great time to explore! Attend events to find the right program, learn about prerequisites, and connect with student ambassadors. Accounting majors: You can apply to the integrated MPA program this year.
Junior Year
Plan ahead with the Bridge process! Apply in your junior year to start taking graduate courses while finishing your undergrad. This option lets you get a head start on your master’s degree and seamlessly transition into full-time graduate studies after graduation.
Senior Year
Take the next step! As a senior, you’ll apply through our traditional process and start your master’s program the summer after graduation. This path allows you to build specialized expertise and enter the job market with a competitive edge in just one year.
Which Program is Right for You?
Accounting
Learn how to adapt to evolving financial landscapes, making you a crucial asset in today's dynamic business environment.
Explore MPA
Finance
Gain a wholistic understanding of global financial markets by applying your quantitative skills to a career in finance.
Explore MSF
Marketing
Combine your interest in quantitative and qualitative approaches to develop deep analytical skills that drive profit, ROI, and customer lifetime value.
Explore MSM
Business Analytics
Help improve business results by using statistical analysis and machine learning skills to guide important decisions in any industry.
Explore MSBA
Information Technology & Management
Learn how to apply emerging technologies, such as Gen AI, to solve business problems.
Explore MSITM
Technology Commercialization
Build the knowledge and tools needed for innovators to take ideas from concept to market.
Explore MSTC
Admission Details
Admissions Eligibility and Criteria
The Texas McCombs Specialized Master’s Programs offer rolling admission each year, with four deadline options for our MS programs, beginning when the application opens in the fall. Each Admissions Committee holistically reviews applications to each program.
Applicants have the opportunity to apply to more than one Master of Science Program for a single application fee. You will be able to indicate your interest in either one or two programs within any of the Master of Science program applications. Additionally, you can apply to the MPA program with a separate application and application fee.
Qualified applicants should meet the following criteria:
Has an undergraduate degree from an accredited institution
Mathematical aptitude and demonstrated ability to handle quantitative material
Strong communication skills
Completed application consisting of the following:
Official transcripts uploaded in PDF format
Written essays and a video essay component is
required
by each admissions committee.
Two (2) letters of recommendation
Resume
All sections within the online application
must
be filled to entirety. Additionally, if the admissions committee needs further information about a candidate, an interview may be required.
Specific program requirements may vary by individual degrees. Check the program prerequisites prior to applying.
Program Prerequisites
Each program has a specific set of admissions requirements in addition to the general admissions requirements listed above. To view requirements for your program(s), please refer to program-specific admissions requirements:
MS Business Analytics On-Campus
MS Finance
MS Information Technology and Management
MS Marketing
MS Technology Commercialization
Master in Professional Accounting
What we look for in an application
The committee will evaluate your application relative to the entire applicant pool in a holistic manner. We consider a wide variety of factors, including but not limited to,
academic aptitude,
previous relevant experience,
leadership
and extracurricular activities, demonstrated communication skills, strong quantitative skills,
and personal characteristics.
GMAT and GRE test scores are
optional
for the Texas McCombs Master of Science Programs and MPA program. Applicants will not be disadvantaged in the admissions process if they do not submit test scores, and applicants who feel that their test scores reflect their potential for success in graduate school may submit scores for consideration.
p
Attend an Info Session
Attend a virtual or in-person event to learn more about the Specialized Master’s programs. Get in-depth guidance to the admissions process, review the curriculum, and receive answers to commonly asked questions.
View event calendar
Powerful Alumni Network
Join one of the nation’s strongest business networks, connecting you to over 108,000 McCombs alumni. As a graduate student, you'll connect with alumni, gaining valuable insights and career opportunities to help you grow professionally.
Meet McCombs alumni
Outstanding Faculty
Our award-winning faculty are industry leaders and dedicated mentors. With our cohort sizes, you’ll benefit from a personalized learning experience and stronger connections with professors who are invested in your success.
Find a faculty member
Top Ranked Master's
All of our specialized master’s programs are nationally ranked within the top 5, with the MPA, MSBA, and MSITM programs holding the #1 spot in their fields, reflecting the quality and impact of our education.
Explore more rankings
Connect with the Recruitment Team
Chat with a recruiter to learn more about your options as a current UT student.
Meet with Wienson | MS Programs
Sign up to meet with Wienson from the MS recruiting team to explore the business analytics, finance, Information technology & management, and marketing programs.
Let's connect
Meet with Jasmin | MPA Program
Connect with Jasmin from the MPA recruiting and admissions team to learn more and get all of your MPA questions answered.
Let's connect
Is the GMAT/GRE Required?
We do not require the GRE or GMAT as part of the application process. However, we will consider test scores that students choose to submit as part of our holistic review. Students who choose not to submit test scores will
not
be penalized in the application process.
Can I apply to multiple graduate programs?
Yes, you can apply to multiple programs. You can apply for up to two MS programs for a single application fee. You can also apply to the MPA program with a separate application and additional application fee.
What if I'm classified as a junior by credits but still plan to graduate in four years?
Even if you are ahead on credit hours, students should wait to apply in their third year. Our bridge programs are intended to begin the summer before senior year.
If you are expecting to graduate in three years, then you should apply to bridge during your second year (so you can begin your program before your final undergraduate year). Remember you can also apply during senior year using the traditional application, if you feel you need to more time before you apply.
When do the MPA and MS programs start?
MS Programs:
Start in the second summer session, with mandatory orientation the week before classes begin.
MPA Program:
Also starts in the second summer session but offers some flexibility in scheduling.
How are Specialized Master's programs different from an MBA?
Our MPA and MS programs are
specialized degrees
that provide in-depth knowledge in a specific field (e.g., Accounting, Business Analytics, Technology, etc). They are designed for early-career students looking to develop expertise in a particular area.
An MBA, on the other hand, is a broader management-focused degree typically pursued after gaining professional work experience. It covers leadership, strategy, and general business topics across multiple disciplines.
What are the prerequisites or suggested coursework?
Each program has their own set of pre-requisites, recommendations, requirements, and/or suggested coursework.
Click here to read more
.