URL: https://www.mccombs.utexas.edu/undergraduate/cbhp
TITLE: CBHP - McCombs School of Business

Canfield Business Honors
TOP-NOTCH PROGRAM, TIGHT-KNIT COMMUNITY
The Canfield Business Honors Program challenges students with a specialized curriculum modeled after case-based MBA programs.
Learn and Connect with Fellow Longhorns
We challenge students to think outside of the box and make connections in the process. In small classes of 40 to 45 students, you’ll focus on group discussions, presentations, and analytic exercises. We also provide programming so students from all graduating classes can form strong relationships with one another. Our program is more than an education—we’re a community.
Preview CBHP academics
See the CBHP experience
100%
Job Placement
*For students seeking industry positions
2019-2020 BBA Salary Survey
$7K
AVERAGE MONTHLY SALARY
2019-2020 BBA Salary Survey
$95K
AVERAGE STARTING SALARY
2020-2021 BBA Salary Survey
Apply today
Why Stop at Just One Degree?
Almost all of our students choose to study additional subjects. Most students will decide to double major within McCombs. Some students gravitate towards other fields or pursue minors and certificates. Students interested in technology careers might consider applying for Texas Honors Computer Science and Business. Our program also has a strong partnership with Plan II Honors.
Check out our Flexible Degree Plans
Alumni Spotlight: Katherine Chen
Katherine Chen is a Senior Business Analyst at McKinsey & Company, currently on secondment at One Acre Fund in Nairobi, Kenya. Katherine is from Plano, TX and graduated from UT Austin in 2021. Katherine has lived and studied across the world ranging from Latin America, Europe, and Africa.
Read more about Katherine
Student Perspectives
Canfield BHP has transformed the way I see and interact with the world. Because of Canfield BHP, I landed my dream role in consulting and was exposed to a rich variety of career paths for the future. The case-based model, small classes, and tight-knot cohort provided an MBA-level excellent learning experience. I cannot imagine a more formidable business education.
Haley Jústiz '23
Do it All While Enjoying the Forty Acres
If you’ve ever wanted to study in another country, research the newest thing in business, or learn from a career coach, you’re in the right place. We provide advisors and unique programming to help you grow, no matter what holds your interest.
Explore opportunities