URL: https://www.mccombs.utexas.edu/undergraduate-programs/bba/academics
TITLE: BBA: Academics - McCombs School of Business

BBA Academics
Where Heart and Hard Work Collide
At McCombs, we’ll demand your best, but the effort will be worth it. You’ll have opportunities to do hands-on learning and immerse yourself in a like-minded community. We’re here to help you succeed in the classroom and outside of it.
Meet Your Award-Winning Faculty
Your courses are taught by professors on the cutting edge of business, and they value hands-on learning. At McCombs, you’ll find opportunities to participate in projects that can change how business is done across the globe.
Learn about your professors
From the Dean
A degree from Texas McCombs is your passport to the world. You will learn, you will grow, you will explore, and you will make an impact.
Dean Lillian Mills
Coursework
McCombs classes allow students to learn about business through the eyes of real-life business leader.
Hear from a student about coursework
Research
McCombs students learn to develop new solutions for problems that are currently affecting the business world.
Get a student's perspective on research
Faculty
McCombs faculty are not only excellent instructors. They are also accomplished professionals who enjoy interacting with and teaching students the intricacies of business.
Hear from our faculty
Meet Your Classmates
All McCombs freshmen will be part of a MAN 101 Cluster. Together with the other students in your MAN 101, you'll get involved in your new community and plug into the McCombs network. Here is your chance to connect with professors and form lasting friendships while learning about fun things to do on and off campus.
Talk to a Student Recruiter
Set Yourself Up for Success
Explore Your Options
McCombs offers 10 majors to choose from, and each provides a unique set of skills to help you stand out in your chosen field. Take a look at the majors we offer and see the possibilities that await you.
Discover your major
Get Expert Guidance
Your assigned academic advisor and our team of peer advisors work together to make sure you have the guidance you need when you need it. From general questions to navigating the college experience, we'll help you make the right choices to achieve academic success.
Talk to a Student Recruiter
Customize Your Degree
Our business minors offer specialized skills in exciting fields while adding value to your business education. Take a look and see how you can enhance your degree.
Find the right minor