URL: https://www.mccombs.utexas.edu/undergraduate-programs/bba/academics/summer-high-school-programs
TITLE: BBA: Summer High School Programs - McCombs School of Business

GET A GLIMPSE OF COLLEGE LIFE
A free, six-day experience focused on business and leadership that offer rising junior and senior high school students the chance to learn and interact with McCombs students, faculty, and corporate representatives.
Who Should Apply?
All students are eligible to apply; however, we strongly encourage outstanding students who are first-generation, and students who have overcome social or economic hardships to apply. This is your chance to see what it’s like to live and learn on campus before you graduate high school.
Apply now
Program Details
Free summer programs hosted by Texas McCombs at the The University of Texas at Austin campus in June 2026.
McCombs Future Executive Academy (MAY 31 – June 5)
MFEA brings high school students together for a week of hands-on workshops and learning opportunities. Participants will learn about the multiple fields in business.
Subiendo: The Academy for Rising Leaders (June 14 – June 18)
Subiendo is a five day leadership development program.
Discover Yourself In Accounting Majors and Careers (June 21 – June 26)
DYNAMC introduces students to the opportunities offered with a degree in accounting.
DYNAMC is made possible every year thanks to the support of our partners at Ernst & Young Global Limited.
All programs offer:
Learning from world-renowned faculty and keynote speakers
Networking with industry professionals
On-campus living experience
Case-competition that put skills to test
Mentorship from current UT student leaders
Explore Austin and make life-long friendships
Our summer programs are free of charge to students and their families. All educational, food and boarding costs are generously covered by our funders.
Eligibility
Current high school sophomores and juniors are invited to apply for our summer programs.
Students selected for McCombs Summer Programs generally have the following qualities:
Interest in business and/or leadership development
Strong academic record and personal achievement
We strongly encourage students from any of the following backgrounds to apply:
Potentially the first family member to attend college
Overcoming social or economic hardships
All applicants will be considered regardless of background.
Only juniors
at Texas High Schools are eligible for Subiendo: The Academy for Rising Leaders.
Application Items
Applications are now closed. All Summer Programs decisions will be released by mid-April.
General Application Materials
Online application
Transcript
Extracurricular Involvement and Leadership
Essay(s)
Letter of recommendation
Optional resume
Application Deadlines
MFEA
: January 31st
Subiendo
: January 31st
DYNAMC:
January 31st
Application Decisions
All programs will release decisions by mid-April.
Contact Us
Send us an email
Give us a call