URL: https://www.mccombs.utexas.edu/undergraduate/bba/admissions-and-cost
TITLE: BBA: Admissions and Cost - McCombs School of Business

Undergraduate Admissions
Admissions & Cost
McCombs offers you a singular campus experience and the culture of Austin, Texas – all while giving you one of the best business educations in the nation.
Meet the Challenge & Earn the Rewards
As one of the country’s highest-ranking business programs, admission to McCombs is very competitive. We provide each of our students with the training, networking opportunities, and support they need for success. Not every applicant will gain admission to McCombs, but those who do will find that the effort it took to get accepted will pay off for the rest of their lives.
Take a virtual tour
To apply to the McCombs School of Business, you
must
:
Submit your application through Common App
List “Unspecified Business” (200400) as your first choice major
Satisfy
all requirements
listed on the
UT Austin Application Checklist
No additional applications are required unless you are applying to the Canfield Business Honors Program. Please note that we offer admission only in the fall semester.
Z
Don't Wait, Meet Those Deadlines
Give yourself enough time to prepare for important application deadlines:
Application for admission:
December 1
Financial Aid (FAFSA) priority filing:
January 15
Housing application:
Rolling basis
Housing applications can be submitted after your application for admission has been completed.
9%
BBA ACCEPTANCE RATE
2025 Admissions Statistics
#6
UNDERGRADUATE B-SCHOOL
U.S. News & World Report
#6
BEST CAMPUS ENVIRONMENT
Princeton Review
View more rankings
Make It With Honors
The Canfield Business Honors Program offers small classes, challenging coursework, and an educational experience that is as rigorous as it is rewarding. If you are looking for a tight-knit program that pushes you to do your very best, then our honors program may be a perfect fit.
Learn more about Canfield BHP
Take A Look At The Costs
Our highly ranked BBA program has
lower tuition for Texas residents
than most of our peers. Here, you’ll get a top degree for top value.
Texas Residents
Cost Per Semester
(Spring or Fall)
Tuition: $6,788
Room and board: $7,414
Non-Texas Residents
Cost Per Semester
(Spring or Fall)
Tuition: $23,249
Room and board: $7,482
Cost Comparison
Annual tuition at McCombs*: $13,576
Average annual tuition at other top 10 business schools: $58,102
*for Texas residents
Learn More About The Admissions Process
Student Recruiters
Do you have questions about admissions, transferring to McCombs, or studying abroad? Get guidance from one of our current students.
Find a Student Recruiter
Scholarships and Financial Aid
We know that a degree is an investment in your future. We're here to help you fund your tuition and reach your goals.
See tuition resources
Transfer Students
Transferring into McCombs is a competitive process, but the benefits are worth it.
Transfer to McCombs
Still have questions?
We're here to help. Get in touch with our team today.
Email us