URL: https://www.mccombs.utexas.edu/undergraduate-programs/bba-business-options/mccombs-summer-institute
TITLE: McCombs Summer Institute - McCombs School of Business

McCombs Summer Institute
Make This Your Breakaway Summer
Eight intensive weeks spent completing five of six courses required for the business minor. Are you ready for McCombs Summer Institute?
Apply now
Summer is Short, Make it Count
Ditch the beach and catch a career wave that will propel you through a lifetime of leadership adventure and dream accomplishment. The Summer Institute injects business prowess and credentials into any career passion. Boost your job credibility in just eight weeks and break out from the pack of other undergraduate majors who are hyper-focused on a single discipline. It’s your summer – make it count.
Apply now
Program Dates
June 4 - July 24, 2026
Application Opens
October 13, 2025
STEM Scholarship Priority Deadline
December 19, 2025
Regular Admission Deadline
March 11. 2026
As part of the McCombs Summer Institute, you will complete the following courses:
ACC 310F:
Foundations of Accounting
Instructor: Leigh Edwards
FIN 320F:
Foundations of Finance
Instructor: Dr. Sara Lundqvist
LEB 320F
: Foundations of Business Law
Instructor: David Quintanilla
MAN 320F
: Foundations of Management
Instructor: Miha Vindis
MKT 320F
: Foundations of Marketing
Instructor: Alessandro Gabbi
A Summer of Stimulating Growth
You’ll earn 15 credit hours in accounting, business law and ethics, finance, marketing, and management. Our most engaging professors lead the way, along with guest speakers leading today’s top enterprises. Your fellow students will be motivated high achievers representing 46 different undergraduate majors from aerospace engineering to AI technology, humanities, and the arts.
Questions? Ask our Admissions Team
Announcements and Upcoming Events
McCombs Summer Institute Information Sessions
Interested in learning more about MSI? Attend an Info Session or a tabling event!
View the Spring 2026 schedule
Student Perspectives
MSI was an awesome summer! The program accelerated my academic growth by exposing me to core business knowledge while opening professional opportunities at the intersection of my major (Computer Engineering) and business.
Shanil S. Jasani
Let's Get Business Busy
Prepare for eight weeks of back-and-forth discussions, mock interviews, résumé and career readiness workshops, and real-world stock market simulations. You’ll shine up your business game by dressing for success for mock interviews. It’s your summer, and we will make it fun, engaging, and challenging.
Student Perspectives
Thanks to MSI, I learned about the foundations of business, grew professionally in workshops, and gained an interest in starting my own business.
Christopher A. Campbell
Current UT Students
Program Costs
Total cost:
$5,400
Total program cost includes textbooks. This program is eligible for financial aid and scholarships.
The first round of program admission and tuition awards will be made by the end of the fall semester to eligible students. STEM majors may qualify for a scholarship.
Cost
does not
include access to some University services, including but not limited to, RecSports and UT Libraries.
Registration
Application Process: Applications are reviewed on a first-come, first-served basis.
Admission: Up to 120 students will be chosen to participate, with a rolling waiting list in place.
Deposit: Once selected, a non-refundable deposit of $500.00 is required to secure your spot, due by April 3rd
Tuition Payment: The full tuition amount must be paid by May 1st
Students from Other Universities
Program Costs
Total cost:
$5,400
Total program cost includes textbooks.
Cost
does not
include access to some University services, including but not limited to, RecSports and UT Libraries.
Registration
Application Process: Applications are reviewed on a first-come, first-served basis.
Admission: Up to 120 students will be chosen to participate, with a rolling waiting list in place.
Deposit: Once selected, a non-refundable deposit of $500.00 is required to secure your spot, due by April 3rd
Tuition Payment: The full tuition amount must be paid by May 1st
Join Us for a Summer of Intense Growth
We challenge you to stretch yourself this summer. Take your place among a select group of students with grit, talent, and determination for eight weeks that will uplift your career trajectory and life path.
Apply now