URL: https://admission.virginia.edu/admission/deadlines-instructions
TITLE: Deadlines & Instructions | The Office of Undergraduate Admission

The University of Virginia accepts applications from first-year and transfer students through the
Common Application
. Students are required to submit their portion of the application online. Counselors and teachers may choose to submit their documents online or by mail.
Please add
[email protected]
to your address book so that important emails from us do not go to spam.
Admission Dates & Deadlines Summary
Application Type
Student Deadline
Teacher/Counselor Deadline
Notification
Early Decision
November 1
November 8
By December 15
Early Action
November 1
November 8
By February 15
Regular Decision
January 5
January 10
By April 1
Spring Transfer
October 1
n/a
By December 1
Fall Transfer
March 1
n/a
By May 1
We do not accept resumes, research papers, or supplemental application items that do not fit the criteria for arts supplements.
Early Decision vs. Early Action vs. Regular Decision
We maintain a consistent review throughout the application process so there is no advantage to choosing one application plan over another. We hope to offer students multiple options and the ability to choose the option that is best suited for them. All students applying for financial aid who have submitted the required documents by the priority deadlines will receive a preliminary aid award shortly after admission decisions are released. Below is additional information about our application choices.
Early Decision
is a binding admission plan for students who have determined that UVA is their first choice and who feel they can present a strong application without senior grades being reviewed. Students admitted through the Early Decision admission plan are required to cancel their applications elsewhere and enroll in UVA. Decisions of admit, deny, or defer will be released by December 15th. Admitted students are expected to submit deposits by January 15.
Early Action
is a non-binding and unrestrictive admission plan that may be an attractive option for those feel they can present a strong application without senior grades being reviewed. We aim to release decisions of admit, deny, or defer by February 15th. Students admitted through the Early Action admission plan will have until May 1 to reserve a spot by in the incoming class.
Regular Decision
is a non-binding and unrestrictive admission plan that allows students more time to complete the application and to have grades from the first term of their senior year considered in the review. Students will be notified of their admission decisions of admit, deny, or waiting list by April 1 Students admitted through the Regular Decision admission plan will have until May 1 to reserve a spot in the incoming class.
If you would like to change your chosen plan for Early Decision or Early Action, you must
email us
by 5 PM on November 6th.
School Choice & Academic Interests
There are eight undergraduate schools at UVA. First-year applicants can apply to:
College of Arts & Sciences
School of Architecture
School of Engineering
School of Nursing
Kinesiology
Those interested in the
McIntire School of Commerce
,
Batten School for Leadership and Public Policy
,
School of Data Science
, or programs in the
School of Education and Human Development
other than Kinesiology should apply to the College of Arts and Sciences.
You may list two academic interests in addition to your undergraduate school choice.
Unless you are applying to the School of Nursing or Kinesiology program, you will not declare a major at UVA until the end of your first or second year.
You may change your school/program of entry by
emailing us
by 5 PM on November 22nd (Early Decision/Early Action) and January 15th (Regular Decision). Admitted students should plan to enroll in the school to which they have applied.
Transfer students, please consider
the transfer course requirements for each school
when making your selection.
Standardized Testing
Test Optional
If you're applying for first year admission for Fall 2027, you'll have the choice of sharing or not sharing standardized test scores. Whichever path you choose, we'll consider your application with care and respect, and you won't be disadvantaged because of the choice you've made. The transfer process remains test optional.
You may change your test optional decision by
emailing us
by 5 PM on November 22nd (Early Decision/Early Action) and January 15th (Regular Decision).
Reporting Scores
Applicants who wish to have SAT, ACT, AP, or IB testing considered during the application process should opt to submit scores and self-report them on the application. After the deadline, applicants may submit updated scores through their portal. Admitted students who applied with testing and decide to enroll at UVA must request official score reports for verification. Our ETS code is 5820. Our ACT code is 4412.
Super-scoring
Super-scoring has been the a long-held practice at UVA. For applicants submitting test scores, we consider the best combination of section scores without recalculation. Report your scores (section scores for the SAT or composite and sub-scores for the ACT) as they appear on your official score report. Our system will do the rest for you.
The ACT Writing sections are not used in our review.
TOEFL/IELTS
Students whose first language is not English or who have attended an English-speaking school for fewer than two years are encouraged to provide evidence of their English proficiency by submitting the results of the TOEFL or the IELTS.
School Forms & Recommendations
We require the secondary school report and one teacher evaluation from an academic subject teacher for each first-year application.
Your school counselor can submit the secondary school report online. A counselor recommendation can be submitted with the secondary school report. Your academic teacher recommendation should also be submitted online. In addition to the secondary school report, your counselor should submit the school profile and your transcript(s) online.
If your counselor is unable to write a recommendation letter, please request that the secondary school report still be completed and submitted online. If your counselor is unable to provide a written recommendation, you may submit a recommendation from another school administrator or academic teacher if possible. Please know that in this situation, a counselor recommendation is not required for your application to be reviewed.
If your school is unable to submit these documents electronically, they can be mailed.
Arts & Architecture Supplements
Arts Supplements
The Admission Office actively seeks artists, musicians, dancers and students in all areas of theatre to invigorate our community through their dedication to the arts.
Students who exhibit exceptional talent in the arts may submit an arts portfolio
through the Common Application via Slideroom
. This portfolio is an
optional
part of the application process and is intended for those who plan to engage seriously in the University’s arts departments as students. Completed portfolio evaluations are shared with the admission committee and are considered as part of the overall application review. These portfolios are not required to enroll in arts-related classes at the University of Virginia and will only be used for the admission process. If a student who has already submitted their Common App wants to submit an art supplement, they may
create a Slideroom account
using their Common App ID.
Supplemental portfolios must be received by the application deadline and
adhere to departmental guidelines
to guarantee review.
Architecture Supplements
All transfer applicants interested in majoring in Architecture are required to submit a portfolio following the guidelines and submission requirements
on the School of Architecture website
. Transfer applicants interested in Urban Planning and Architectural History are not required to submit portfolios.
Residency
If you wish to claim entitlement to Virginia in-state educational privileges pursuant to the Code of Virginia, Section 23-7.4, you must complete the residency section of the application. If supporting documents are requested after an application is submitted, fax them to
434-982-2663
. See
the Office of Virginia Status website for more information
.
Demonstrated Interest
We do not track attendance at tours, information sessions, high school visits, or other programs (commonly referred to as demonstrated interest) to use during the application review.
Submitting Updates After Deadline
All application updates should be uploaded via the student portal. Applicants received an email with login credentials for the portal a few days after their Common App was received. Once the "upload" button is clicked for a document, it is automatically added to your file and will be visible to admission staff. Only required components are shown on the checklist in the portal.
Please do not email updates or duplicates to admission officers.
Large Language Models/Generative AI
We are interested in who you are, and we value what you have to say. While AI tools can be helpful in generating ideas and centering your thoughts, essays and personal statements that rely more on AI than your original thoughts miss the mark in one incredibly important way: they lack your voice, your ideas, and your very personal reflection on how your experiences have shaped you.
The essays and written supplements are your opportunity to express what is important to you in your own words. Generative AI may play a minor role in your final product by helping you brainstorm essay topics or check for grammar mistakes, but we ask that you do not cut and paste any part of your essay or personal statements from an AI tool. All final submitted materials should be your original work.
As an applicant to UVA, we ask you to sign an honor statement before submitting the Common Application because the UVA community is anchored by trust and integrity. Our students pledge not to lie, cheat, or steal, and we ask the same of our applicants. By agreeing to this honor statement, you are pledging that the application materials you submit to us are your original work, not primarily a product of AI. Thank you for trusting us with your words and your stories.