URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/admissions/eligibility-transfer
TITLE: Eligibility for Transfer Students - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
B.S. in Commerce
Admissions Eligibility for Transfer Students
A rigorous and varied liberal arts education is critical to your success at McIntire.
Prerequisites
Competitive applications for transfer will be expected to have:
Completed courses that will transfer to UVA as COMM 1800 (Introduction to Business), ECON 2010 (Principles of Microeconomics), and the First Writing Requirement (English Composition)
Completed 24 or more graded credits that will transfer to UVA towards any of the requirements for the College of Arts & Sciences
Students who enroll in McIntire as second-years will be required to complete six semesters at McIntire. If not completed prior to transferring, these students will be expected to complete the general education requirements of the College of Arts & Sciences before graduating from McIntire.
Transfer credit toward a degree is allowed for approved work completed at another college or university, or at other schools of the University, upon presentation of an official transcript of record. The School of Commerce grants transfer credit based on an analysis of the content, level, and comparability of the courses taken; the applicability of the courses to the student's intended major and degree program; the quality of the student's performance in the course; and the accreditation of the institution at which the work was completed. However, no credit is given for a required upper-level Commerce course unless that course is taken in the School of Commerce. No adjustment of transfer credit is made after the student's first semester in the School of Commerce. In general, credit is not granted for work completed with a grade of less than C; business courses beyond the elementary courses in accounting; or more than one credit of physical or health education courses.
Please consult the McIntire Office of Undergraduate Admission’s
prospective transfer student page
for additional information.
Application Considerations
As part of our review process, we consider:
Course load per semester
Course rigor
Trend in performance
Cumulative GPA
Advising Recommendations
Our advisers can talk to you about your interests, and whether McIntire is the place for you. Some general guidelines include:
Take a full course load.
Challenge yourself with rigorous courses.
Hone your oral and written communication, ethics and moral reasoning, global perspective, qualitative skill set, and creative and critical thinking.
Stay on track to complete assignments.
Explore majors and electives.
Create a balanced schedule.
Participate in extracurriculars.
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More