URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/academics/concentrations/finance
TITLE: Finance Concentration - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
Finance Concentration
McIntire’s Finance concentration focuses on critical functional and analytical methods of finance and the operation of global finance systems.
You’ll gain a comprehensive and integrated understanding of the operational aspects of business and investment finance, the functions of financial institutions and institutional capital markets, and the basic economic and legal framework of financial organizations. Top employers aggressively recruit from McIntire’s Finance program. You’ll graduate with the sought-after skills necessary for careers in corporate finance, financial counseling, investment management, or banking.
Coursework
Coursework in finance addresses how finance interacts with other business disciplines. This includes performing core functions of financial planning and control, analyzing investment alternatives, and raising funds. Finance students also study the valuation and application of equity, fixed income, and derivative securities, foreign exchange and commodities markets, and the functions of financial institutions. We emphasize a strong understanding of both the core concepts and analytical methods of finance
Typical coursework includes classes such as:
Intermediate Accounting I
Intermediate Corporate Finance
Intermediate Investments
Advanced Investments: Asset Management in the Global Economy
Advanced Corporate Finance: Valuation and Restructuring
Advanced Corporate Finance: Investment Banking
Advanced Investments: Derivatives and Fixed Income
Advanced Investments: Principles of Security Trading
Advanced Investments: Quantitative Equity Portfolio Management
Course offerings are subject to change each semester.
Why Choose Finance?
Now is a great time to enter the finance profession. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, employment of financial analysts is projected to grow 6% from 2018 to 2028. A growing range of financial products and the need for in-depth knowledge of geographic regions are expected to lead to strong employment growth.
Demand is also projected to increase as the growth of “big data” and technological improvements allow financial analysts to access a wider range of data and conduct higher quality analysis. This analysis will help businesses manage their finances, identify investment trends, and deliver new products or services to clients.
Careers in Finance
We’ve designed McIntire’s Finance concentration to meet the needs of students who can look forward to specialized careers, including investment banking, consulting, corporate finance, investment management, and trading. International financial topics are incorporated throughout the Finance concentration.
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More