URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/career
TITLE: Career - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
B.S. in Commerce
Career Outcomes
Our B.S. in Commerce Program prepares you with the knowledge, skills, and experience for successfully taking on a role with any organization. Our outstanding career support team will ensure that you’re ready for interviews and presented at your competitive best. With 97% of the 2019 class reporting positive career outcomes* within three months of graduation, the results speak for themselves.
97%
placement rate
within 3 months of graduation
$78k
average base salary
300+
recruiting companies
* 93% accepted a position, 3% enrolled in graduate school, and 1% were not in the job market.
Join a Global Network
Your college years are an opportune time to learn about your interests, grow your professional and personal network, build connections with like-minded organizations, and join a global community that will support your goals throughout your career. The University of Virginia has a well-connected alumni network of 250K+ across 110+ chapters worldwide. Many alumni are active mentors, guest speakers, ambassadors, and hiring managers.
Our alumni are change agents.
McIntire’s alumni represent one of the most and innovative networks of visionary leaders and expert professionals in the world. Many graduates remain actively engaged participants with the Commerce School, routinely serving as mentors, speakers, and recruiters on Grounds and at organizations around the globe. As individuals, they’ve called their careers impactful and rewarding; as a community, McIntire alumni have been vastly transformational. Learn how they’ve made a difference.
Amanda Richardson
B.S. in Commerce '01
Read More
Patrick Keating
B.S. in Commerce '12
Read More
Cassandra Enyan
B.S. in Commerce '08
Read More
Chat Razdan
B.S. in Commerce '05
Read More
Career Services at McIntire
Whether you have clear vision for your future or are exploring all of your options, Commerce Career Services will help you discover opportunities and develop the tools to navigate the career journey. As one of McIntire's most indispensable student resources, CCS will provide you with individual advice and access to employer-specific programs, career speakers, industry panels, meetings with recruiters, and UVA’s vast global alumni network.
Exploration
The best careers are those that empower you to put your skills and values to work. Our dedicated Career Services team offers a wide range of tools and resources to help you explore industries, examine companies, and understand organizational roles so that you'll be able to identify opportunities that best meet your specific career objectives.
Preparation
From creating effective LinkedIn profiles to honing your interview and follow-up skills, showcase your unique abilities and experiences to stand out during the job search process. Our career coaches will equip you with the tools, strategies, and practical approaches you need to effectively communicate your qualifications to potential employers.
Networking
Networking is a critical part of your career journey. At McIntire, there are many ways to connect with recruiters and build relationships with interested employers. Networking activities like speaker panels, alumni engagement events, and on-Grounds recruiting programs provide crucial face-to-face interaction with a wide range of professionals. You'll develop connections, learn about different industries, and get essential career advice.
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More