URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/admissions
TITLE: Admissions - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
B.S. in Commerce
Admissions
At McIntire, we believe that learning about commerce starts with a solid liberal arts foundation. Our bachelor's in Commerce is an integrated, highly applied program that creates business leaders who go on to positively impact industry all over the world. Our dynamic community is home to diverse points of view, and provides you with a broad understanding of global business by developing skills applicable to any industry.
What We’re Looking For
McIntire's vision of developing global citizens who can transform commerce and society guides the selection of attributes for use in the admissions process. The School believes that future business leaders must develop both a rigorous, real-world skill set and a human-centered mindset, one characterized by empathy, work ethic, agency, accountability, and impact. Thus, McIntire applicants are evaluated based on qualities that speak to their potential in these areas.
It is not expected that every candidate will possess all of these qualities. However, this list reflects qualities that facilitate the enrollment of cohorts that align with the overall mission and learning objectives of McIntire’s programs. As you begin working on your essay responses in your application, keep these qualities in mind with personal experiences you can detail to showcase them:
Academic excellence
Intellectual curiosity
Strong work ethic
Ability to collaborate
Awareness and ability to engage across differences in background, perspective, or life experience(s)
Initiative
Resilience and perseverance
Unique perspective
Eligibility and Prerequisites
Your success in McIntire’s innovative business education program and long-term professional development is built upon a strong liberal arts background. Beginning in academic year 2024-2025, first-year students will apply to McIntire’s new three-year curriculum at the end of their spring semester.
Our Commitment to Community
At McIntire, we are intentional in our recruitment of students from various backgrounds and life experiences. We seek to admit students with unique perspectives and offer dedicated programs and resources to foster a community where everyone feels that they belong.
Interested in Applying?
High School Students
Learn More
First-Year UVA Students
Learn More
Prospective Transfer Students
Learn More
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More