URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/student-life
TITLE: Student Life - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
B.S. in Commerce
Student Life
From the Lawn to the Downtown Mall and beyond, rich experiences outside of the classroom offer lifelong friendships and lasting memories.
A Delightful Place to Learn and Play
Located in Central Virginia just two and a half hours south of Washington, DC, Charlottesville offers the best of both worlds: the charm and intimacy of a historic small town coupled with the vibrant culture and creative energy of a booming city. On UVA’s Grounds, a robust NCAA Division I Athletics program draws fans from across the region to watch teams compete in football, basketball, and more, while nearby Shenandoah National Park provides easy access to hiking trails and recreational activities along the breathtaking Blue Ridge Mountains. A thriving collection of world-class entertainment, arts, culinary, and nightlife scenes draw students, locals, and visitors alike to the town’s inviting Downtown Mall.
Our proximity to Washington, DC, means you can reach our nation's capital by car or train. And, if you're looking to go farther afield, Charlottesville Albemarle Airport (CHO) and Amtrak (CVS) make it easy to travel anywhere.
Learn more about Charlottesville
Grounds to Inspire
At UVA, curiosity and innovation form the foundation of our history and our collective future. Whether you’re looking to volunteer locally or make a difference globally, the opportunities to explore your interests and meet others who share them are unlimited.
Learn more about UVA
A Connected Community
McIntire succeeds because of the excitement and energy of our diverse community. There are always opportunities to connect with engaged faculty members, alumni innovators, visionary business leaders, supportive corporate partners, and other enthusiastic student entrepreneurs.
While each of us has our own unique background and experiences, we thrive on a shared commitment to the belief that commerce is a powerful catalyst for positive change.
The Commerce School offers undergraduate students many opportunities for you to learn from, create with, and share transformative experiences with others across the University through:
Student organizations
Seminars and panels
Engagement events
Support at Every Step
We're here to help you reach your goals. From academic guidance, career preparation, or getting physical and mental support, McIntire faculty and staff are available with open minds and open doors. Starting with your first semester at UVA and continuing as a member of our active alumni community, we'll connect you with the resources to make the most of your time at McIntire and more.
Student success
Career support
A Global Mindset
To prepare for success in an increasingly global marketplace, intercultural competency is a critical component of a McIntire education. You'll find many opportunities for developing your cultural intelligence while at McIntire; some are on-location learning programs, like Global Commerce Immersion (GCI) courses or a semester abroad studying at one of our many partner schools, while others are events created in connection with our diverse international student population and inclusive student organizations.
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More