URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/academics/concentrations/management
TITLE: Management Concentration - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
Management Concentration
McIntire's Management concentration focuses on the core issues that leaders and managers face. By bringing real-world challenges to life, the concentration provides conceptual frameworks that prepare students to address those business situations with enhanced interpersonal, organizational, and managerial skills. Prepared for fields like consulting and entrepreneurship, our management graduates are in high demand, poised to become leaders in today’s business environment.
Coursework
Typical coursework includes classes such as:
Strategic Leadership
Measure, Manage & Motivate
Management Consulting & Advisory Services
Entrepreneurship
Global Management
Managing Sustainable Development
Product and Project Management
Influence & Persuasion
GCI: Topics in Management
Public Speaking & Persuasion
Advanced Business Speaking
Business, Politics, and Culture in the European Union
Course offerings are subject to change each semester.
Why Choose Management?
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, careers in management and consulting are projected to grow 7% from 2018 to 2028, faster than the average for all occupations, which will result in about 706,900 new jobs. Employment growth is expected to be driven by the formation of new organizations and expansion of existing ones, which should require more workers to manage these operations.
Careers in Management
If you’re looking into careers in consulting and entrepreneurship and interested in strengthening your leadership, communication, and interpersonal competencies, you should consider the Management concentration.
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More