URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/connect
TITLE: Connect - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
B.S. in Commerce
Connect with Us
McIntire-Guided Tours
McIntire offers 30-minute guided tours to prospective students and their families.
Aug. 25, 2025, through April 27, 2026, every Monday and Friday at 1 p.m.
Prospective students and their families are invited to join a 30-minute guided tour of the McIntire School of Commerce to learn more about the curriculum, community, and student experience.
Registration is not required.
Tours begin promptly at 1 p.m. in the fourth-floor lobby of Rouss & Robertson Halls—accessible via the Lawn entrance. Please plan to arrive five minutes early, and look for the sign and McIntire Ambassador.
Tours are not available during the summer or school breaks.
Maps, Directions, and Parking
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
If you’re a current UVA student interested in McIntire's B.S. in Commerce Program, you can have a one-on-one conversation about the prerequisites, the admissions process, and the Commerce curriculum during walk-in advising, conducted by McIntire Ambassadors.
Ambassadors are third- and fourth-year Commerce students trained to answer questions about McIntire prerequisites and curricular information, but more than that, they’re ready to share their experience about the McIntire classroom experience, curriculum, resources, and community.
Walk-In Advising Hours
Offered when classes are in session during the fall and spring semesters:
Tuesdays, 3:30-5 p.m.
Rouss & Robertson Halls, Suite 407
Wednesdays, 3:30-5 p.m.
Clemons Library, Room 230
Current UVA students are welcome to e-mail
CommerceAdmissions@virginia.edu
or call +1 434-924-3865 to make an appointment.
Meet Our Ambassadors
Connect with an Ambassador
McIntire Ambassador Information Sessions
Interested in McIntire? Join us for pizza and conversation as our student ambassadors share insights about Commerce and the new application process! Learn about the business education opportunities and McIntire's vibrant community, and get your questions answered.
Monday, March 23, 2026 | 7 – 8 p.m. | Rouss & Robertson Halls, Room 123
Monday, April 13, 2026 | 7 – 8 p.m. | Rouss & Robertson Halls, Room 120
Registration is not required. All are welcome!