URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/global
TITLE: Global Academic Programs - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
B.S. in Commerce
Your Global Classroom
McIntire students, faculty, and staff are immersed in global business from the start. From the cases covered in ICE to the roster of classroom guest speakers from around the world, a core component of your McIntire education is a deep understanding of the dynamic and complex international business landscape. We offer undergraduate students many opportunities to enhance their global education through study abroad or intensive research.
Explore Global
Semester Abroad
McIntire students who meet all academic requirements may study abroad for an entire semester, usually during the spring of their third year. Courses taken while abroad are intended to keep students academically on schedule. As the best business schools in the world, our partner institutions have high academic standards and a selection of courses that meet the needs of McIntire students.
Learn More
Short-Term Study Abroad (GCI)
We offer unique short-term faculty-led programs, Global Commerce Immersions (GCI). These academic courses are one to two weeks in length and take place during January term, spring break, or May term. Students learn how business is done on the ground, through company visits with key industry leaders who are UVA and McIntire alumni.
Learn More
Global Commerce Scholars
The Global Commerce Scholars (GCS) program provides fourth-year McIntire students with the opportunity to carry out research and write a thesis under the guidance of one or more faculty advisers. Students will learn about professional research methods and practice as well as career opportunities in research.
Learn More
Global Commerce Track
The Global Commerce and Society Track, a course of study spanning multiple concentration areas, to provide students with a broad and interdisciplinary understanding of the global business environment and an appreciation of the challenges and opportunities facing commercial enterprises and society.
Learn More
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More