URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/academics/concentrations/marketing
TITLE: Marketing Concentration - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
Marketing Concentration
Marketing involves all the issues surrounding bringing a product or service to the marketplace, informing customers of its existence, how to price it, and how to measure its success.
The Marketing curriculum intends to introduce the student to the role of marketing in business and nonprofit settings, and in society. Prepared with this background, our graduates are recruited by employers for roles in client relations, sales, advertising and promotion, brand management, distribution, international marketing, marketing research, marketing consulting, logistics, purchasing, product management, retailing, and sales.
Coursework
We use case analyses, discussion groups, experiential exercises, research reports, seminars, field projects, lectures, outside speakers, and the Advertising and Marketing Association, together with national marketing/advertising competitions (the American Advertising Federation competition), for the basis of our curriculum.
Typical coursework includes classes such as:
Marketing Research Techniques
Consumer Behavior and Marketing Strategy
Global Marketing
Customer Analytics and Brand Strategy
Digital Strategy & Analytics
Advertising and Promotional Aspects of Marketing
Integrated Marketing Communications Campaigns
Advertising and Promotional Aspects of Marketing - Media Lab
Integrated Marketing Communications Campaigns - Media Lab
Developing & Managing Innovative Products
Topics in Marketing: Business of Media
Big Data Marketing Analytics
Course offerings are subject to change each semester.
Why Choose Marketing?
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, overall employment of advertising, promotions, and marketing managers is projected to grow 8% from 2018 to 2028, faster than the average for all occupations. Employment growth will vary by occupation.
If you enjoy creativity, working with people, and having a job that is different every single day, then marketing may be for you.
Careers in Marketing
Marketing professionals may pursue a wide variety of specialty areas, including the following:
Advertising
Advertising is responsible for all communications with customers and clients.
Brand Management
The brand manager is responsible for all strategic (long-term) and tactical (short-term) decisions made on behalf of a brand.
Entertainment Marketing
Entertainment marketing includes marketing TV/radio broadcasting, event management, gaming and toys, motion pictures, music, publishing, sports, and tourism.
Sales
Sales matches customer needs with company offerings.
Retail
Retail is the operations, logistics, buying, customer service, merchandising, store design, market research, and promotions for retail organizations.
Marketing Research
Marketing research is the systematic and objective identification, collection, analysis, dissemination, and use of information to improve decision making related to identifying and solving problems and opportunities in marketing.
Marketing Analytics
Marketing analytics uses statistical techniques to analyze and track data to help managers make more informed decisions.
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More