URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/academics/concentrations/information-technology
TITLE: Information Technology Concentration - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
IT Concentration
Accelerate your career with IT.
In today’s world, IT is often the main component in product and process innovations. Students who have IT-related skills can develop and deliver solutions for multiple industries, including finance, marketing, management, and accounting. These skills are in tremendous demand by employers across various industries.
Coursework
IT concentration coursework focuses on project management, consulting, financial systems, innovation, database management, business analytics, big data, and e-commerce.
Required Core Classes
Product and Project Management (provides knowledge of product management in combination with project management skills, both of which are necessary for the management of the digital product innovation process end-to-end)
Database Management Systems and Business Intelligence (provides an introduction to the management of database systems and how business intelligence can be used for competitive advantage)
Electives
Information Technology in Finance
Digital Safari
BA with Python or BA with Low-Code Technologies
Cybersecurity as Business Risk
GCI: Topics in IT (courses subject to change)
Ethical Application of AI
Data Exploration and Visualization with R
Course offerings are subject to change each semester.
Why Choose IT?
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, employment of computer and information technology occupations is projected to grow 12% from 2018 to 2028, much faster than the average for all occupations. These occupations are projected to add about 546,200 new jobs.
Demand for these workers will stem from greater emphasis on cloud computing, the collection and storage of big data, and information security.
Careers in IT
If you enjoy solving business problems and thinking creatively, consider the IT concentration.
You'll learn
:
Cybersecurity business analytics
Global issues
Digital innovation
Finance markets
Designing and developing digital products and services
Understanding and managing data
You'll focus on solving business problems around:
Cloud computing
Distributed workforces
Agile teams
Big data
Data science
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More