URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/admissions/tuition-fees
TITLE: Funding Your Degree - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
B.S. in Commerce
Funding Your Degree
McIntire and the University remain committed to helping students with demonstrated need navigate the increasing costs of higher education.
University resources:
UVA meets 100% of demonstrated financial need for all in-state and out-of-state students through a combination of grants, work-study, and need-based loans; need-based loans are limited to $4,500 per year for in-state students and $7,000 per year for out-of-state students. These loan caps will remain unchanged, so students who have demonstrated need should not incur increased costs associated with pursuing a McIntire education. For students who remain eligible for AccessUVA scholarships, the amount you will be offered in loans and/or work study does not depend on whether a student enters the McIntire School or stays in the College.
McIntire resources:
Due to generous private donations totaling almost $350,000, McIntire is able to award scholarships to incoming third-year students to supplement any need-based loans and/or federal work-study, with the goal of providing the most grant that we’re able. To be considered for a scholarship award, complete the FAFSA and CSS/Financial Aid Profile and all relevant documents by the deadline posted by Student Financial Services. Financial need is a significant consideration for selection. Students are able to apply for fourth-year scholarships through Student Services.
Tuition and Fees
The tuition and fees listed below are set annually by the Board of Visitors and are effective only for the 2023-2024 academic year.
Cost
Virginian
Non-Virginian
Tuition
$26,966
$64,204
Fees
$3,570
$4,252
Subtotal
$30,536
$68,456
Additional Categories
$19,772
$19,772—$21,052
Total
$50,308
$88,228—$89,508
Fees category for the Commerce School includes the Comprehensive Fee, the $50 University Fee, and the $86 School Fee.
The information provided is intended to be a reference only. For the most accurate information, please refer to the
Student Financial Services
site.
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More