URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/admissions/prospective-transfer-students
TITLE: Process for Transfer Students - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
B.S. in Commerce
Admissions Process for Transfer Students
Transfer students are an integral part of the McIntire community, bringing a wealth of professional and personal experience to the classroom.
All transfer students apply into McIntire as incoming second-year students regardless of amount of credits accrued. We welcome applications from current first-year and second-year students from other institutions, but keep in mind that the McIntire program will require three years of study to complete. Transfer students apply via Common Application, with an application deadline of March 1. Because of our curriculum schedule, we admit students only for a fall semester start.
Application Dates
The UVA Office of Undergraduate Admission manages all facets of the transfer admission application process. Prospective students should follow all dates and deadlines outlined by that office for admission to the McIntire School.
It is important to note that transferring to McIntire is a direct-admit process, which means that admission to UVA is contingent upon being offered admission to McIntire.
Request Updates
Admissions Statistics
Our admission statistics are the outcome of our holistic admission review process. Admitted transfer students have completed or are in the process of completing the necessary courses and demonstrated competitive academic performance and active co-curricular engagement.
See Admissions Stats
Application Process
Students who are not currently enrolled at UVA apply to McIntire using the University's Common Application. You will indicate that you are applying as a transfer student and that McIntire is your intended school of enrollment. Visit UVA's Undergraduate Admission site for more information.
Application Information
Funding Your Degree
We are committed to helping students with demonstrated need navigate the increasing costs of higher education. There are numerous financial resources available to students, including University financial aid and scholarships.
Learn More
Transfer Credits
You may use the
College of Arts & Sciences' Transfer Credit Equivalencies
to identify comparable courses at your current institution.
Standardized tests are not required for applicants; however,
it is recommended that non-native English speakers take the TOEFL or IELTS to be competitive for admission.
Eligibility and Prerequisites
Students are eligible to apply and enroll into McIntire as entering second-year students (24-48 credit hours required).
Required Prerequisite Courses
First Writing Requirement* (3-6 credits, 1-2 courses)
Principles of Economics (3 credits, 1 course): Microeconomics
Introduction to Business (3 credits, 1 course): Introduction to Business
Further recommendations: Take a full-time broad liberal arts course curriculum, and begin or finish Foreign Language coursework.
*First Writing Requirement, Humanities, and World Language as defined in this Record, College of Arts & Sciences section, Area Requirements section.
A Holistic Admissions Process
McIntire students are driven to be the best at what they do. They are high achievers and dynamic team players committed to achieving success and shaping the future together. They are forward thinking, with the dedication to continuous development of the hard and soft skills necessary to excel in myriad fields. They are ethically minded; their actions and decisions are governed by a deep sense of honor and responsibility, and they are unafraid to challenge each other and the status quo.
Our holistic admissions process allows us to create a class that will carry this legacy forward year after year. When reviewing application materials, we look at traditional empirical measures of academic achievement, but we also look for things that indicate emotional intelligence, community engagement, and intellectual curiosity.
A Commitment to Virginia's Community Colleges
We are committed to admitting qualified students from Virginia's community colleges. In a typical year, more than half of our incoming transfer students are from the Virginia Community College System (VCCS). If you are currently enrolled in VCCS schools, you are welcome to apply after one year of study or two years of study, and you will enter as an incoming second-year student regardless of the amount of credits you have earned. Please be aware there is no VCCS Guaranteed Transfer Agreement for the McIntire School of Commerce.
There are only three prerequisites required for transferring: ENG 111/112, ECO 202, and BUS 100 (though you are welcome to pursue other courses listed as well).
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More