URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/academics/concentrations/accounting
TITLE: Accounting Concentration - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
Accounting Concentration
Building on the liberal arts background acquired during your first two undergraduate years, the Accounting concentration offers a sound general business foundation and the analytical and conceptual skills essential for understanding accounting practices. You’ll learn to analyze and provide quantitative information that is used to drive decision making and creative problem solving in the business world. The program's highly sought-after graduates enter careers such as business consultants, financial managers, independent auditors, and tax advisers.
Coursework
McIntire’s undergraduate curriculum provides many of the accounting courses typically required by state licensing boards, and serves as an outstanding preparation for students who wish to take the CPA exam.
Typical coursework includes classes such as:
Intermediate Accounting I & II
Introductory Auditing
Federal Taxation
Financial Statement Analysis
Advanced Financial Accounting
Strategic Cost Management
Taxes and Business Strategy
Global Commerce Immersion: Topics in Accounting
Government and Non-Profit Accounting
Course offerings are subject to change each semester.
Most states now require 150 credit hours of college-level courses to sit for the CPA exam. Many of our undergraduate students who wish to become CPAs can meet these additional credit hour requirements with AP credit, pre-matriculation college credit, or additional classes. Many other undergraduate students who wish to become CPAs stay on for our graduate program in accounting.
Why Choose Accounting?
The demand for accountants and auditors is strong. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, employment of accountants and auditors is projected to grow 6% from 2018 to 2028. The intersection of accounting and technology is making accounting services more dynamic than ever before. Globalization is driving change and creating international opportunities for accounting professionals. People who enter the accounting profession will experience and influence significant changes in accounting rules, regulations, and applications.
Careers in Accounting
If you enjoy working with financial data and creative problem solving, consider a concentration in Accounting. Our Accounting concentrators go on to work in a wide array of roles, including in:
Public Accounting:
Students going into public accounting usually specialize in either assurance services (including auditing) or tax. These students typically take the coursework required to sit for the CPA exam. Analytics skills are becoming increasingly important in these roles, so preparation might also include developing those skills and acumen.
Advisory and Consulting:
Accounting concentrators often take advisory positions, working for accounting firms in deals, transaction services, and other financial reporting and accounting system consulting roles. Other students take positions in litigation consulting, risk management consulting, and management consulting. Meeting the requirements to sit for the CPA exam may be important for some of these roles, depending on the employer and desired position.
Finance:
Many investment banking, financial services, and private equity careers benefit from an extensive knowledge of accounting, so many Accounting concentrators combine their Accounting studies with a concentration in Finance. Accounting concentrators also take corporate finance positions in public and private companies in a variety of roles such as corporate reporting, analysis, and treasury functions.
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More
*As a member of the State Authorizations Reciprocity Agreement, the University of Virginia (UVA) is authorized to provide curriculum in a distance learning environment to students located in all states in the United States except for California. (34 CFR 668.43(a)(6)& 34 CFR 668.72(n)).  Upon completion of the BS in Commerce – Accounting concentration, graduates may be eligible for initial professional licensure in another U.S. state by applying to the licensing board or agency in that state. Please visit the University’s
state authorization web pages
to make an informed decision regarding which states’ educational requirements for initial licensure are met by this program. (668.43(a)(5) (v)(A) - (C)). Enrolled students who change their current (or mailing) address to a state other than Virginia should update this information immediately in the Student Information System as it may impact their ability to complete internship, practicum, or clinical hours, use Title IV funds, or meet licensure or certification requirements in the new state. (34 CFR 668.402).