URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/academics/tracks
TITLE: Tracks - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Tracks
In the spring of your third year, you can choose a track—an area of specialty that spans across several disciplines or delves more deeply into a discipline—to ready you for the workplace.
These optional tracks allow further specialization in area that augment
Integrated Core
and
concentration
curriculum. Students most often select tracks during the spring semester of their third year or at the start of their fourth year. Each track is composed of 12 credit hours and offers its own distinct coursework and real-world exposure designed to prepare you for the complex issues businesses face. Students may complete up to two tracks if course scheduling allows.
Analytics & AI Track
The Analytics & AI Track will provide you with broad, interdisciplinary knowledge and skills that will help you as managers to leverage analytics and AI to improve organizational performance and decision-making. You'll acquire practical expertise in data management and analysis, utilizing a spectrum of tools—from visualization and statistics to machine learning and AI. This will prepare you not only to generate meaningful data-driven insights for diverse audiences, but also to oversee products that leverage data to deliver outcomes across organizations.
Learn More
Entrepreneurship
The Entrepreneurship Track will prepare you for crucial roles in the new venture community—whether as founders, investors, policy makers, technologists, general executives, or otherwise. Coursework explores the professional processes, concepts, communities, and tools that facilitate new venture success, including pitches and prototyping.
Learn More
Global Commerce and Society
A course of study spanning multiple concentration areas, the Global Commerce and Society Track provides a broad and interdisciplinary understanding of the global business environment and an appreciation of the challenges and opportunities facing commercial enterprises and society.
Learn More
Quantitative Finance
This track will allow you to develop analytical skills and prepare you for quantitatively focused careers in finance. The track is appropriate for students pursuing careers in areas such as asset/investment management, sales/trading, risk management/compliance, and financial information technology.
Learn More
Real Estate
This track focuses on understanding value, as valuation is central to real estate decision making regarding investment opportunities. We draw on proprietary case studies and presentations by industry leaders on subjects like development challenges, investment approaches, and career choices.
Learn More
Strategic Brand Consulting & Communications
This track presents advanced topics in brand strategy and consulting; market research; communications strategies in traditional, digital, and social channels; and integrated marketing campaigns. The track is composed of nine credits often referred to as
Promotions
, plus three elective credits. Promotions students participate in the American Advertising Federation’s
National Student Advertising Competition
, applying their knowledge in an experiential learning environment for a real client. Because Promotions is by application only,
this track requires an application
.
Learn More
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More