URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/academics/tracks/global-commerce
TITLE: Global Commerce and Society Track - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
Global Commerce and Society Track
We’ve designed the Global Commerce and Society Track, a course of study spanning multiple concentration areas, to provide students with a broad and interdisciplinary understanding of the global business environment  and an appreciation of the challenges and opportunities facing commercial enterprises and society.
Eligibility
This track is open to all Commerce students whose academic requirements allow them the flexibility to take the required 12 credit hours. Courses used to satisfy concentration requirements may also be counted toward track requirements. We strongly encourage students to complete a global study experience while enrolled at the University of Virginia.
Coursework
Required Course
COMM 4741: Foundations of Global Commerce (fall, 3 credits)
Electives Requirements
Students must complete 9 credit hours of elective groups below, including a minimum of 1.5 credits from the Society Electives group.
Other related UVA courses taken in third or fourth year may satisfy this requirement as approved by the Global Commerce and Society Track Director.
Global Commerce Electives
Select up to 7.5 credits from the courses listed below:
Any Global Commerce Immersion (GCI) course offered by the McIntire School of Commerce (students may count up to two McIntire GCI courses toward the Global Commerce Track)
COMM 3528: Study Abroad: Global Commerce in Context (1-6 credits)
COMM 4310: Global Marketing (fall/spring, 3 credits)
COMM 4690: Global Management (fall/spring, 3 credits)
COMM 4733: Advanced Investments: Asset Management in the Global Economy (spring, 3 credits)
COMM 4839: Global Commerce Scholar Thesis Development (fall/spring, 1 credit)
COMM 4840: Global Commerce Scholar Thesis Proposal (fall, 2 credits)
COMM 4841: Global Commerce Scholar Thesis (spring, 2 credits)
Society Electives
Students must complete at least 1.5 credits from the courses listed below:
COMM 3570: Topics in Finance
Approved Topic: Sustainable Ventures in Working Landscapes (3 credits)
COMM 4210: Managerial View of AI (3 credits)
COMM 4211: The Ethics of Artificial Intelligence (3 credits)
COMM 4252: Open Source Innovation (3 credits)
COMM 4821: Foundations of Sustainable Commerce (3 credits)
COMM 4822: Invest in Sustainable Future (3 credits)
COMM 5161: Environmental, Social & Governance Accounting (3 credits)
COMM 5559: New Course in Commerce*
Approved Topic: Race in Commerce (1.5 credits)
Approved Topic: Value, Ambition, and Gender in the Work Arena (1.5 credits)
Approved Topic: Reimagining Global Capitalism (1.5 credits)
Global Commerce Scholar Thesis Courses (COMM 4839, COMM 4840, COMM 4841) may count as Society Electives depending on the topic of study.
Global Commerce Scholars
The Global Commerce Scholar (GCS) program provides selected fourth-year McIntire students with the opportunity to carry out independent research under the guidance of one or more faculty advisers. Apply for the program during the spring of your third year.  We encourage students with more general interests to consider the global implications of their research topic.
Global Commerce Scholars
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More