URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/admissions/first-years
TITLE: First-Year Student Admissions Process - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
B.S. IN COMMERCE
First-Year Student Admissions Process and Requirements
McIntire’s highly ranked B.S. in Commerce not only imparts essential business skills, but also fosters a vibrant and collaborative community, providing an enriching student experience for aspiring leaders.
Students who are in their first year can apply to the program in the spring semester of their first year of classes. If accepted, they will start the program in August of their second year.
Apply
Continue Application
Admissions Timeline
B.S. in Commerce application will open on Wednesday, Jan. 28, 2026.
Application will close on Thursday, April 30, 2026, at noon ET.
Decisions will be released on Friday, June 12, 2026.
Students will have until noon ET on Friday, June 19, 2026, to accept or decline the offer.
Requirements for Admission
The admissions requirements for first-year students include prerequisite courses that must be completed within either semester of their first year. In addition, students should continue to make progress on UVA's General Education Requirements.
Prerequisites and General Education Requirements
Students must complete the following prerequisite courses, including the First Writing Requirement, to apply to McIntire:
COMM 1800: Foundations of Commerce (3 credits)
The primary objective of this course is to provide a foundational overview of business, including the themes of the history of business, business and society, and innovation. The course will enable students to gauge interest in business and prepare students for business-related education, jobs, and careers.
ECON 2010: Principles of Microeconomics (3 credits)
The course studies demand and supply, consumer behavior, the theory of business enterprise, the operation of competitive and monopolistic markets, and the forces determining income distribution.
First Writing Requirement
Learn more about the various ways to complete this requirement.
Recommended Courses to Consider
While not strictly required for admission to McIntire, we strongly suggest students consider completing additional courses in these areas before being admitted to McIntire.
Make progress towards completing area requirements in the General Education Requirements (
Engagements Pathway
).
Complete World Language through the 1020 level (or 2020 if able).
Complete one Quantification, Computation, and Data Analytics
(QCDA) requirement
.
Echols Scholars, please refer to course guidelines in the FAQs below.
How to Be a Successful Applicant
Creating an academic plan that is both rigorous and aligned with your interests will best allow you to demonstrate readiness for success at McIntire and the unique perspective you bring the classroom.
Consider these keys to success as you navigate your academic journey and prepare your application:
Take full course loads (15 credits)​.
Challenge yourself with rigorous courses across many disciplines/areas, building your oral and written communication​ skills, ethics and moral reasoning​, global perspective​, quantitative skill set​, and creative and critical-thinking abilities​.
Create a balanced schedule: Avoid taking more than two quantitative courses in the same semester.
Develop a plan and start to get involved outside of the classroom.
What We’re Looking For
McIntire's vision of developing global citizens who can transform commerce and society guides the selection of attributes for use in the admissions process. The School believes that future business leaders must develop both a rigorous, real-world skill set and a human-centered mindset, one characterized by empathy, work ethic, agency, accountability, and impact. Thus, McIntire applicants are evaluated based on qualities that speak to their potential in these areas.
It is not expected that every candidate will possess all of these qualities. However, this list reflects qualities that facilitate the enrollment of cohorts that align with the overall mission and learning objectives of McIntire’s programs. As you begin working on your essay responses in your application, keep these qualities in mind with personal experiences you can detail to showcase them:
Academic excellence
Intellectual curiosity
Strong work ethic
Ability to collaborate
Awareness and ability to engage across differences in background, perspective, or life experience(s)
Initiative
Resilience and perseverance
Unique perspective
Frequently Asked Questions
If I am considering applying to the B.S. in Commerce Program, what should I do for fall course enrollment?
If you are considering applying to the B.S. in Commerce Program for entry starting in the fall of your second year, here is what you need to know about course enrollment for fall 2026.
During the April Enrollment Period
All students who plan to apply to the B.S. in Commerce Program should:
Follow academic advising guidance from your Pre-Major Adviser and Academic Advising Dean in your current school of enrollment.
Enroll in 15 credits to make progress toward fulfilling General Education requirements and other academic goals (e.g., other majors or minors) you may have. NOTE: It is particularly important that you start your path down the World Language requirement if you have not already done so.
If you are accepted to the B.S. in Commerce Program, you will drop 6 of these credits over the summer and add 6 credits of required COMM courses. All required second-year Commerce courses will be offered on a Tuesday/Thursday meeting pattern. You may wish to consider this as you plan your schedule.
You may enroll in other COMM classes open to second-year students (including minor courses or Comm Law). Keep in mind that if you are accepted to the B.S. in Commerce Program, you will need to drop General Business Minor (CGBM) courses, as this minor is open only to non-Commerce students. In addition, COMM courses (aside from Comm Law) taken before the third-year Integrated Core curriculum will not count towards concentrations or tracks.
Admissions and June Enrollment Period
Admission announcements will be made on June 12, and admitted students’ decisions will be due on June 19.
Starting June 24, students with priority enrollment can begin updating their course schedules. All other accepted students can do so starting June 25. Each student must ensure they enroll in 6 credits of second-year Commerce courses by June 29.
During the June enrollment period, students must enroll in 6 credits of Commerce coursework:
COMM 2001: Foundations of Financial Accounting (All entering Commerce students
must
take COMM 2001 in the fall.)
Either
COMM 2002: Foundations of Finance
or
COMM 2003: Foundations of Information Systems (Students have a choice to take either of these courses in the fall and will take the other course in the spring semester. Each course has multiple sections, but the section sizes and numbers are fixed. Both courses will be offered again in the spring.)
What prerequisite courses are needed to apply to McIntire?
COMM 1800
ECON 2010
First-Year Writing Requirement
How will I know the application is open?
Students will be contacted by email when the application is open. Those who are interested in being notified when applications open should contact the McIntire
Office of Undergraduate Admissions
.
What do you look for in a successful applicant?
The School believes that future business leaders must develop both a rigorous, real-world skill set and a human-centered mindset, one characterized by empathy, work ethic, agency, accountability, and impact. Thus, McIntire applicants are evaluated based on qualities that speak to their potential in these areas. It is not expected that every candidate will possess all of these qualities. However, this list reflects qualities that facilitate the enrollment of cohorts that align with the overall mission and learning objectives of McIntire’s programs.
Academic excellence
Intellectual curiosity
Strong work ethic
Ability to collaborate
Awareness and ability to engage across differences in background, perspective, or life experience(s)
Initiative
Resilience and perseverance
Unique perspective
Can I apply to McIntire as a high school student?
High school students who have enough credits and have completed college-level prerequisite courses still need to complete a minimum of one academic year at UVA before enrollment at McIntire. We recommend students make progress toward the General Education Requirements in their first year to be a competitive applicant.
How many credits do I need to graduate from McIntire?
Students will need a minimum of 120 credits to graduate from UVA. The breakdown of credits for the B.S. in Commerce Program is the following:
48 graded Commerce credits
3 prerequisite credits (COMM 1800, ECON 2010, and First Writing Requirement)
15 second-year Integrated Core credits
18 third-year Integrated Core and COMM Law credits
9-12 concentration credits
0-3 Commerce elective credits
+57 non-Commerce credits (General Education Requirements/Engagements Pathway)
+15 graded Commerce or non-Commerce credits
120 total credits (60 credits must be taken at UVA)
Do I need to take the prerequisite coursework if I'm an Echols Scholar?
Yes, Echols Scholars applying to the Commerce major will take all three prerequisite requirements. Many Echols students prefer to take ENWR 2520 to satisfy the writing requirement. If Echols Scholars join the Commerce major, they will then follow the Disciplines Plus pathway of graduation requirements, so it is recommended students pursue a few of those courses throughout their first-year semester.
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More