URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/comm-cohort
TITLE: Commerce Cohort - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
B.S. in Commerce
Commerce Cohort
Funded by alumni and corporate support and managed by McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission, the McIntire School's Commerce Cohort program engages and supports high-achieving, high-need UVA first-years with academic mentorship, career preparation, and personal development through sessions on practical study and employment skills, critical analysis, self-reflection, and communication—all conducted through a business lens.
The Cohort supports students by providing:
Academic and career exploration opportunities
Increased knowledge of the McIntire experience
Personal and professional goal-setting activities
Connection to other first-years and the McIntire community
Program Features
Community Building
Foster community with other first-year prospective McIntire students
Receive mentorship and advising from the McIntire Office of Undergraduate Admission staff
Engage with McIntire faculty, staff, students, corporate sponsors, and employers
Join Commerce-related student organizations
Personal Development
Students participate in Cohort-exclusive workshops and presentations that facilitate personal exploration and development to better leverage skills, build their personal brand, enhance their resume, and deepen their understanding of the business industry.
Commerce Cohort Seminar (COMM 2000)
Simulating upper-level Commerce classes and providing context for the diverse and global business environment, this pass/fail 1-credit course delivered by Commerce faculty and staff welcomes guest professors, student leaders, and corporate representatives into the classroom. The course is required of students in the Cohort program and is offered in the fall and spring semesters. It features weekly interactive and instructional sessions in which students are encouraged to develop a sense of community, explore their personal and professional strengths, and set goals to shape their path to Commerce.
Near Peer Mentors
Students have opportunities to build on their success in the Cohort via the Near Peer Mentors program. Each new first-year Cohort student is paired with a third- or fourth-year Commerce student, who helps them identify resources.
I really hope that students were empowered by my mentorship and felt that McIntire wasn’t just a far-fetched goal. On the contrary, I wanted my mentees to feel as if McIntire was a truly realistic goal and a place where each of them belonged. I can’t wait to hear about all the success stories from this Cohort and all the cohorts that follow in their footsteps!
George Villacis (McIntire ’20)
The Cohort offered a platform to engage with, to understand our available pathways at the University, and to learn how to best take advantage of the opportunities provided to us. It’s tough to teach someone how to talk with faculty, deans, and recruiters. The Cohort intertwined these skills in an understandable way that shaped us as first-year undergrads.
Magin Sanchez (UVA ’22)
Frequently Asked Questions
Below are some frequently asked questions about the Commerce Cohort program. If you have additional questions or would like more information, please
email
the Office of Undergraduate Admission.
How can I be considered for the Commerce Cohort program?
All matriculated first-year students indicating an academic interest in Commerce on the Common Application for first-year admission will be considered for the Commerce Cohort program. No additional application is required.
What are the Commerce Cohort program selection criteria?
Much like the
criteria for admission to McIntire
, the Admission Committee will review students' Common Application for first-year admission to UVA and consider academic performance; co-curricular experiences; and personal characteristics such as leadership, communication, and teamwork.
When and how will I be notified of my selection?
Fall selection, for incoming first-year students, takes place after May 1, and the committee notifies the newly selected Commerce Cohort by late June. Spring selection takes place in October, with notification occurring by mid-November.
When does the program begin?
The program starts on the first day of each COMM 2000 class at the beginning of every semester.
What does participating in the program require?
Participants will successfully complete the Commerce Cohort program by fulfilling the requirements of COMM 2000, a 1-credit, pass/fail course. The majority of the program's content will be delivered during scheduled class periods, and syllabi will be provided. Additional workshops, presentations, and social events exclusive to the Cohort will be also provided outside of the class periods.
Does completing the Commerce Cohort program guarantee admission to McIntire?
No. McIntire has a competitive admission process for current UVA students. It is our goal that the curriculum and supplemental programming of the Commerce Cohort program will positively contribute to students' admission considerations for the B.S. in Commerce Program.
Does selection to the Commerce Cohort program include additional financial support?
No. Students may be offered financial support through other
University resources
and
need-based financial aid
.
What if my academic interests change?
We hope that by participating in the Commerce Cohort program you will find a home here at McIntire. But if your passions and interests guide you elsewhere, that is fine too. We look forward to supporting you in finding the best academic fit that will contribute to your success at UVA.
If I am not selected for the program, how can I learn more about McIntire?
The McIntire Office of Undergraduate Admission is dedicated to supporting all prospective McIntire students on their path to Commerce.
Engage with us
through walk-in advising, attending an information session, taking a tour, following our “Keeping Up with Commerce” blog, and subscribing to our “Keeping Up with Commerce”  newsletter.
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More