URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce
TITLE: B.S. in Commerce

Skip to Program Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
B.S. in Commerce
McIntire's hands-on business education blends analytical rigor with real-world application for major companies. Through immersive team-based learning, students develop skills that translate directly to professional success.
Program Duration
3 years
Eligible Applicants
Current UVA and transfer students
Prerequisites
COMM 1800:
Foundations of Commerce
ECON 2010:
Principles of Microeconomics
First Writing Requirement
Program Highlights
Our program gives students an exceptional opportunity to collaborate with corporate leaders and faculty on complex, real-world business issues.
Here, it’s about applied learning, solving real-world business problems, and finding fresh perspectives. We empower our students to leverage their liberal arts backgrounds and learn by doing.
COMMence for Second-Years
COMMence, McIntire’s co-curricular experience, is designed to help second-year students transition into the School and meet their academic, personal, and professional goals through an extensive program of resources, assessments, workshops, and conference sessions.
Corporate in the Classroom
From close guidance on yearlong Integrated Core projects and insightful guest speakers to on-site visits, McIntire’s tight-knit network of global corporations and startup small businesses provides students with unmatched learning opportunities and real-world insights from C-suite leaders across industries.
Global Learning Experiences
Commerce students have a world of learning opportunities available to explore through study-abroad semesters, faculty-led January-term courses, and more.
Career Success
As an undergraduate student at McIntire, you'll have many opportunities to explore and develop the career that's right for you.
Commerce Career Services
offers a wide range of support, tools, and events to help you define your professional goals, from securing an internship and finding your first job to learning about different career possibilities.
95%
received a job offer
Class of 2025
$94,747
average starting base salary
Class of 2025
$9,746
average signing bonus
Class of 2025
Admissions Process
Students apply to the McIntire School of Commerce
in their
first year
at UVA after meeting the required prerequisites (applications open in January), and once admitted, start at McIntire as a second-year.
Our admissions process takes a holistic approach. We’re looking for students who have explored and learned about the world through a liberal arts education and who will bring this perspective into their understanding of business.
Student Perspectives
I love how both UVA and McIntire have allowed me to pursue my many interests so far! My favorite part of McIntire has been the engaging classroom dynamics and the supportive faculty.
Gabriella Schmidt
B.S. in Commerce '21
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More