URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/admissions/eligibility-high-school
TITLE: Eligibility for High School Students - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
B.S. in Commerce
Eligibility
A rigorous and varied liberal arts education is critical to your success at McIntire. We want students to complete a minimum of two academic years before enrolling.
Prerequisites
Before entering the McIntire School of Commerce, you must complete a
minimum of 54 credits
and complete all prerequisites by the fall of your third year.
This includes any test credits, transfer credits, and courses taken at UVA.
Commerce Classes
Suggested Year of Completion
COMM 1800: Foundations of Commerce
First
COMM 2010: Introduction to Financial Accounting
Second
COMM 2020: Introduction to Management Accounting
Second
Non-Commerce Classes
Suggested Year of Completion
First Writing Requirement*
First
Humanities/Engagements Credits*
6 credits of Humanities for students in the Traditional or Forums Curriculum
OR
Complete the 8 credits of Engagements for students in the New College Curriculum or Engagements Pathway
First or Second
Statistics** : STAT 2120: Introduction to Statistical Analysis
First or Second
Calculus: MATH 1190, 1210, 1310
or
higher level
First or Second
ECON 2010: Principles of Economics: Microeconomics
First or Second
ECON 2020: Principles of Economics: Macroeconomics
First or Second
Foreign/World Language***: Completion through the 2020 level
First or Second
*   First Writing, Humanities/Engagements requirements as defined by the
College of Arts & Sciences
.
**  For the Class of 2023 and beyond, AP or transfer credit for STAT 1120 will no longer satisfy this requirement.
*** Foreign/World language requirements as defined by the
College of Arts & Sciences.
After admission, foreign language prerequisite courses may, with prior approval, be completed by transfer during the summer before enrollment, but must be completed before entering the School.
Application Considerations
As part of our review process, we consider:
Course load per semester
Course rigor
Trend in performance
Cumulative GPA
Quantitative GPA as calculated from grades in prerequisite courses, including COMM 2010 and 2020, ECON 2010 and 2020, math, statistics, or UVA equivalents of any of these courses.
Advising Recommendations
Our advisers can talk to you about your interests, and whether McIntire is the place for you. Some general guidelines include:
Take a full course load.
Challenge yourself with rigorous courses.
Hone your oral and written communication, ethics and moral reasoning, global perspective, qualitative skill set, and creative and critical thinking
Stay on track to complete assignments.
Explore majors and electives.
Create a balanced schedule.
Participate in extracurriculars.
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More