URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/academics/concentrations
TITLE: Concentrations - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
B.S. in Commerce
Concentrations
By the spring of third year, McIntire students choose one or more concentrations to fine-tune their skill set and hone their professional goals. While your major remains Commerce, McIntire students can delve deep into specialized areas of study within the context of their business degree.
Accounting
While developing financial expertise, you will learn to analyze and provide quantitative information essential to decision making and creative problem solving.
Learn More
Finance
You will develop a comprehensive, integrated understanding of critical functional and analytical methods of finance and the operation of global finance systems.
Learn More
Information Technology
You will learn to apply skills in project management, financial systems, database management, business analytics, and e-commerce. You will gain a deep understanding of leading-edge technologies to solve business problems across industries.
Learn More
Management
Your coursework will bring to life challenges and opportunities faced in the real world, preparing you to address those business situations with enhanced interpersonal, organizational, and managerial skills.
Learn More
Marketing
We’ll introduce you to the role of marketing, both in a business context and in society through case analyses, discussion groups, experiential exercises, research reports, seminars, field projects, lectures, and outside speakers.
Learn More
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More