URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/bs-commerce/admissions/leadership-faqs
TITLE: Leadership Minor FAQs - B.S. in Commerce | UVA

Skip to Interior Page Content
B.S. in Commerce
Academics
Admissions
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Student Life
Career
Connect
Tours
Ambassador Walk-In Advising
Info Sessions
Commerce Cohort
Leadership Minor FAQs
Who should be interested in this program?
If you are passionate about being a leader, this minor should be of interest to you, regardless of your major. The minor provides students with a foundational understanding of leadership from a business context using McIntire’s immersive classroom experience. It provides the flexibility to integrate additional classes from various disciplines as part of the completion of the minor. Thus, the program is designed to promote a multidisciplinary perspective on leadership, while focusing on key knowledge and practices essential to effective leadership.
Can I combine the minor with the B.S. in Commerce?
Yes. Students who choose this path need to have a deep interest in the topic of leadership and the academic flexibility to take additional classes in their third and fourth years.
What is the difference between the Management concentration and the Leadership Minor?
The Leadership Minor is a part of the Management concentration, so there is some overlap between requirements for these programs. If students are interested in the Management concentration and the Leadership Minor, they should discuss the options for completing both with their academic adviser and the Director of the Leadership Minor.
I’ve been admitted to the Leadership Minor. How do I go about planning my curriculum to ensure that I meet all of the minor requirements in addition to my School’s major and graduation requirements?
Carefully review the minor’s required and pre-approved elective courses, as well as your major and graduation requirements in your school of enrollment. Consult your major adviser/Dean with specific questions related to your School’s requirements and policies. (For students in the College of Arts & Sciences, note the
policy
for non-College courses.)
You will receive priority enrollment in COMM 4620: Strategic Leadership and COMM 4881: Leadership Practicum, and should plan to take these in the spring of your third and fourth years, respectively. In your final four semesters, enroll in both Commerce and non-Commerce electives that go toward the minor, and remember that you may request that a course be accepted towards the minor if it directly covers the topic of leadership or relates to the development of key leadership knowledge, skills, or abilities while not significantly overlapping with a required minor course.
Can I apply as a third-year?
Third-year students can apply to the McIntire Leadership Minor and complete the minor with careful academic planning. Given the time constraints on completing the minor requirements before the end of your fourth year, before you apply, you should take time to map out how you’ll complete your UVA and major requirements in addition to the remaining 12 minor credits.
Remember, you must take COMM 2600, which is offered only in the spring semester, to apply to the minor. Next, review whether you have taken any courses on the pre-approved minor list. Additionally, you can request that a course be accepted towards the minor if it directly covers the topic of leadership or relates to the development of key leadership knowledge, skills, or abilities while not significantly overlapping with another required minor course. This will help alleviate the number of courses you will take in your fourth year to complete the minor.
Connect With Us
McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admission collaborates with prospective B.S. in Commerce students, helping in a variety of ways.
We encourage prospective students to contact us early in the admissions process to take advantage of all of our advising opportunities, including academic advising, information sessions, and other events, or to connect with a student ambassador.
Learn More