URL: https://admission.virginia.edu/faqs
TITLE: FAQs | The Office of Undergraduate Admission

Connect
Visit
Apply
FAQs
When will I get an admission decision?
Early Decision applicants can expect decisions on or around December 15th. Early Action applicants can expect decisions by February 15. Regular Decision applicants can expect decisions by April 1. Keep an eye on the admission blog and our social media accounts for updates!
Is there a policy about Large Language Models or Generative AI?
We are interested in who you are, and we value what you have to say. While AI tools can be helpful in generating ideas and centering your thoughts, essays and personal statements that rely more on AI than your original thoughts miss the mark in one incredibly important way: they lack your voice, your ideas, and your very personal reflection on how your experiences have shaped you.
The essays and written supplements are your opportunity to express what is important to you in your own words. Generative AI may play a minor role in your final product by helping you brainstorm essay topics or check for grammar mistakes, but we ask that you do not cut and paste any part of your essay or personal statements from an AI tool. All final submitted materials should be your original work.
As an applicant to UVA, we ask you to sign an honor statement before submitting the Common Application because the UVA community is anchored by trust and integrity. Our students pledge not to lie, cheat, or steal, and we ask the same of our applicants. By agreeing to this honor statement, you are pledging that the application materials you submit to us are your original work, not primarily a product of AI. Thank you for trusting us with your words and your stories.
Does UVA offer application fee waivers?
Yes. You are eligible to receive an application fee waiver if:
You are enrolled in or eligible to participate in the federal free or reduced price lunch program.
You have received or are eligible to receive and SAT or ACT fee waiver.
Your annual family income falls within the income eligibility guidelines set by the USDA Food and Nutrition Service.
Your family receives public assistance.
You are enrolled in a federal, state, or local program that aids students from low-income families (e.g., GEAR UP, TRIO such as Upward Bound or others).
You live in a federally subsidized public housing, a foster home or are homeless.
You are a ward of the state or an orphan.
You have received or are eligible to receive a Pell Grant.
You can provide a supporting statement from a school official, college access counselor, financial aid officer, or community leader.
Students who do not meet any of these criteria but would like to request a fee waiver based on extenuating circumstances should contact the Office of Admission.
Does UVA ever rescind an admission offer to a student?
Upon learning of any relevant significant changes to a student’s record that would merit review, the Associate Vice Provost of Admission will convene a committee to review the case. The committee will consist of the Associate Vice Provost of Admission and a senior member of the admissions staff. Depending on the nature of the allegations forming the basis for review, the committee could include a representative from the Office of the Dean of Students (ODOS), Office of Equal Opportunity and Civil Rights (EOCR), and respective school units, among others. The student shall have an opportunity to provide a written statement to the committee for consideration. The committee can also gather and consider additional relevant information from various sources to include the high school counselor, a teacher, Principal and other relevant individuals. The committee may also request an in-person or virtual meeting between the committee and the student to gather more information.
How does financial aid work with the QuestBridge College Match?
Students admitted via the QuestBridge College Match are guaranteed full financial support with grant-based aid for all four years at UVA.
UVA’s financial aid
guarantees to meet 100% of demonstrated need for all domestic students, even those who do not receive the Match.
For more on the QuestBridge process at UVA check out the
UVA page on the QuestBridge site
.
How does the admission process work for the QuestBridge College Match?
If you are selected as a
QuestBridge
Finalist (by QuestBridge) and wish to rank UVA as one of your college choices, your QuestBridge application will be forwarded to UVA’s Office of Undergraduate Admission. In addition to the QuestBridge application, however, there are a few other things we’ll need (like the UVA Supplement available through our online portal and your official high school transcript).
For more detail about application requirements (and more QuestBridge-related FAQs), check out the
UVA page on the QuestBridge site
.
Does UVA super-score the SAT or ACT?
For applicants submitting test scores, it has been the Office of Admission’s long-standing policy to consider the best test scores submitted by applicants. We use the top score from each SAT section across all administrations of the same exam. We hope you will submit all of your scores knowing that we will recombine the sections to get the best possible set of scores. If reporting an ACT score, report the composite and sub-scores as they appear on your official score report
without any recalculation
.
What if I chose test optional but received my scores after the deadline?
You're allowed to change your mind! You may change your test optional decision by 5 PM Eastern on November 22nd for Early Decision and Early Action or 5 PM Eastern on January 15th for Regular Decision by emailing
[email protected]
.
How do I choose to be Test Optional?
Students will choose whether or not to be test optional when they submit their Common Application.
You may change your test optional decision by 5 PM Eastern on November 22nd for Early Decision and Early Action or 5 PM Eastern on January 15th for Regular Decision by emailing
[email protected]
.
What is the Test Optional Policy?
If you're applying for admission for Fall 2026, you'll have the choice of sharing or not sharing results from the SAT and ACT. Whichever path you choose, we'll consider your application with care and respect, and you won't be disadvantaged because of the choice you've made.
Can I study abroad during my first year at UVA?
Students offered admission to the College of Arts and Sciences may apply for UVA London First. For more information on eligibility to study abroad,
see the UVA Education Abroad website
.
How do I accept my offer of admission?
You can accept your offer of admission by paying the non-refundable admission deposit in your applicant portal.
What are my chances of being admitted if I'm on the waiting list?
We will send you detailed information about the waiting list process, including statistics about past years.
How can I switch schools after being admitted?
The deadline for changing schools was November 22nd for Early Action/Early Decision and January 15th for Regular Decision. We are often able to accommodate switches later, though! Please email your request to
[email protected]
.
If not admitted to the school/program on my application, can I designate a second choice?
We do not allow applications to multiple schools or programs. Select the school/program that most interests you at this time, knowing that you are able to change schools as a student at UVA.
What decisions might I receive if I apply through Early Decision or Early Action?
The admission committee may admit, deny, or defer early applications. Deferral means that the application will be reviewed again during the Regular Decision phase of the admission process. If deferred, we ask that the student or counselor send updated midyear grades at soon as they are available.
Will you fill the majority of the class through Early Decision?
We will not fill our class during the Early Decision process. We hope that you will submit your application when you feel it is in a strong position. Remember that Regular Decision applicants will have grades from the first semester of senior year in their files before we finalize our decisions.
How are home-school applicants reviewed?
The application prompts applicants to provide the information we need to make a decision.
Can I change the school to which I applied or my decision plan?
You're allowed to change your mind! You can change your school/program of entry by 5 PM Eastern on November 22nd for Early Decision and Early Action or 5 PM Eastern on January 15th for Regular Decision
by emailing us
.
Early Decision and Early Action applicants can change their decision plan by 5 PM on November 6th.
Can I submit my resume?
We do not accept resumes, research abstracts, or writing portfolios. The application provides space to tell us about your most important honors and activities.
Can I submit a recommendation from someone who knows me outside of school?
We require one recommendation from a teacher of an academic subject so that we can learn more about your school performance. While you are welcome to submit an extra recommendation, we prefer letters that provide insight into your classroom style.
Members of the UVA community may submit recommendations using
this form
.
How do I submit documents for my application?
We are a paperless office, so you should submit your part of the application online and use your applicant portal to submit updates after the deadline. Counselors and teachers may choose to submit documents online or by mail.
Do you recognize dual enrollment credit?
Yes! You can use the
transfer credit analyzer
to see how credit from different colleges is treated when transferred to UVA.
What AP/IB/A level scores do I need to get credit?
We generally give credit for scores of 4 or 5 on AP exams and 5, 6, or 7 on Higher Level IB exams. There are some exceptions to this and practices can vary from one school to another.
The Undergraduate Record
has specific information about AP and IB credit.
Does UVA prefer AP, IB, Cambridge or dual enrolled curricula?
We do not have a preference for one type of course. We suggest that students take advantage of advanced course options at their high school, regardless of the type of curriculum available.
How do I set up an interview?
While prospective students are welcome to visit for an information session and tour, we do not offer interviews.
How do you determine Virginia residency?
The laws governing domiciliary status - that is, whether a person is considered a legal resident of Virginia - are set by the state legislature. If students wish to be considered legal residents for the purposes of admission and tuition, they must answer the residency questions on our application. For more information, please see the
Office of Virginia Status website.
Do you prefer applicants submit the SAT or ACT?
We are test optional for the Fall 2026 cycle and have no preference between the SAT and ACT.
Is a student's level of interest used in the selection process?
No. When we read your application, we will not use previous contact as a factor in our review.
What percentage of applicants are admitted?
We have pledged to maintain a 2/3 majority of Virginia residents in our student population, but 2/3 of our applicants tend to come from out-of-state. As a result, our offer rate for Virginia residents tends to be much higher than the rate for out-of-state students. Last year, we admitted 25.5% of the Virginia residents and 13% of the non-Virginians. You can see data from previous years
on the Office of Institutional Assessment website
.
Do you have quotas or targets for certain schools or areas?
No. While we maintain a 2/3 majority of Virginia residents in our student population, there are no restrictions on how many students we may admit from a particular school, town, county, or region.
What minimum GPA and test scores do I need to be admitted?
We don't have a minimum GPA. We don't have a minimum SAT score.
As strange as these answers sound, they're both true. A cumulative GPA only reveals so much; it says little about the difficulty of a student's course load, or whether a student's grades have improved over time, or the level of grade inflation (or deflation) in a student's school. If we established a firm minimum GPA, a point below which no applicant would have any chance of being admitted, we'd miss a fair number of students who might make UVA a better, stronger place.
The same is true for SAT scores. Most people who work in admission at highly selective universities believe that standardized testing is a useful but imprecise instrument. Setting an absolute minimum would be asking these tests to do something they weren't designed to do.
Of course, our applicant pool is broad and deep, so most admitted students have excelled in school and scored well on the SAT or ACT. But remember that we don't have set minimums for either and we try hard to take into account all of the information we see in each application.