URL: https://admission.virginia.edu/i-am/international
TITLE: International | The Office of Undergraduate Admission

Welcome! At UVA, we believe the importance of the global community cannot be overstated, and this belief is reflected in our commitment to international students. Approximately 5%  of our entering classes are foreign nationals; these students’ voices, visions for the future, and dedication to improving their countries and their world benefit and inspire all students and faculty, and their contribution can be felt everywhere on Grounds—through class discussion, research projects, dorm and social activities, friendships, and more.
In short, international students change and shape the way learning happens at UVA, and we believe that their impact not only widens and enriches individual students’ university experience—it also allows our students to enter the wider world better prepared to greet opportunities and meet challenges.
Application
There is no separate or different application for international students.
Please follow the application instructions
. If admitted, the Financial Guarantee for Foreign National Applicants is required for those who wish to accept the offer of admission.
International Transfer Students
International students who want to transfer to UVA as a second- or third-year student should refer to the
transfer admission information
.
Proficiency in English and English Language Assessments
We strongly encourage all applicants whose first language is not English to participate in an English language assessment, regardless of their secondary school education. Results from the following exams may be submitted and will be considered as part of the application review process:
The Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL)
The International English Language Testing System (IELTS)
Cambridge C1 Advanced or C2 Proficiency
The Duolingo English Test (DET)
Applicants may also submit the InitialView or Vericant evaluation. This is an opportunity to display your communication skills, reasoning abilities, and your enthusiasm for becoming a successful student at the University of Virginia. No other interviews are offered. Please contact
InitialView
or
Vericant
to schedule your evaluation.
InitialView/Vericant Deadlines:
Early Decision: November 1
Early Action: November 1
Regular Decision: January 5
Expenses and Financial Aid
For international students who are foreign nationals, the University of Virginia does not have funds available for scholarships or loans. Unless you attend a United World College school, (see below), we do not recommend that you proceed with an application if you are unable to finance your education at our institution.
United World College Students
Students who attend a United World College school, and gain admission to the University of Virginia qualify for need-based scholarship support. If you have any questions about the Davis Foundation Scholarship please contact the Office of Undergraduate Admission.
Verify that you attend a United World College here
.
Visas and Studying in the U.S.
If you have questions about obtaining a visa or an I-20 please contact
[email protected]
.
Statement on Agents
The University of Virginia does not support the use of a paid agent in the application process. All students are expected to submit their application materials without the help of such services. Please note that we do not work with any agency, so if one is claiming to have a connection to us, that is not the case.
As indicated on our application, all applicants are expected to adhere to our Honor Code. The use of paid agents and other credential services to produce fraudulent documents violates our University policies. Thus, doing so may lead to the rejection of application materials, the rescinding of an offer of admission, and/or involuntary withdrawal from the University.