URL: https://admission.virginia.edu/transfer/transfer-faq
TITLE: Transfer FAQ | The Office of Undergraduate Admission

Admission
What are my chances of being admitted for the fall versus spring?
We tend to admit 35-40% of the transfer applicants who apply to start at UVA in the fall.
Admission for the spring semester is more competitive. You may apply for the spring semester if you are interested in the College of Arts & Sciences. Typically, we receive over 300 applications for 35 spots in the College of Arts and Sciences.
Will you look at my high school grades and courses or just college work?
We look equally at your high school record and your college work if you are applying as a second year student. If you are applying as a third year student, we look primarily at your college work.
Is the SAT or ACT required for admission?
Submitting SAT or ACT scores is optional for transfer students.
If I'm an international student, do I need to take the TOEFL?
The TOEFL or IELTs are recommended if English is your second language and you did not go to high school in an English speaking school.
What is the average GPA for an admitted transfer student?
The average college GPA for an admitted transfer student is 3.5. Students aren't admitted just based on a GPA, though. Having the proper courses on your transcript is important.
Do I need to submit a portfolio for the School of Architecture?
Only if you are applying for the Architecture major in the School of Architecture. Those interested in Architectural History or Urban and Environmental Planning are not required to submit a portfolio. The Common Application will allow you to submit a portfolio through Slideroom.
How many students from Virginia Community College do you take?
Nearly half of the 600 transfer students who enroll in the fall started their higher education in the Virginia Community College System.
Transfer of Credit
What courses should I take?
Students should take courses that satisfy the area and proficiency requirements for the school at UVA to which they are applying. The area and proficiency requirements can be found
on the Transfer Course Requirements page.
How can I find out what credits will transfer?
Use the
Transfer Credit Evaluator
to review courses from your school that have transferred to UVA in the past. If you are a prospective engineering transfer, use
this
document.
Does AP credit count towards the required 24 credits?
No, you must have 24 credits of college coursework.
Do dual enrollment/dual credit courses count towards the required 24 credits?
No, only college course work taken after graduating from high school counts towards the 24 credits.
What does the intermediate level of foreign language mean?
The intermediate level is typically equal to four semesters or the 202 level
I am interested in business and/or Public Policy and Leadership. Where do I apply?
If you have an interest in business or public policy and leadership and you are currently in your first year of college, you would apply to the College of Arts and Sciences as Pre-Commerce or Pre-Batten. If you are currently in your second year of college, you would apply to the McIntire School of Commerce or the Batten School of Leadership and Public Policy.
Do I have to have all of the Commerce requirements completed to apply?
The most competitive applicants have completed all of the Commerce required courses prior to enrolling in August. A few students are admitted and then take the final course or two over the summer prior to the start of classes in August.
As a VCCS student, what course should I take to satisfy the non-western perspective requirement?
Courses that satisfy the non-western perspective requirement are listed on the
Transfer Credit Analyzer
with "NW" positioned beside the course.
Guaranteed Admission
If I do not have all of the requirements for the guaranteed admission agreement with the Virginia community college, can I still be admitted?
Yes, most of the VCCS students enrolling at UVA each year are missing something in the agreement and are therefore not coming in under the guarantee plan.
Can I use the guaranteed agreement to enter UVA in the spring?
No, the agreements can only guarantee admission for the fall semester.
Do I have to have all of my courses finished by the spring in order to be admitted under the agreement?
Yes, if you are hoping to come in under one of the three agreements, all of your courses must be completed by the spring semester prior to fall matriculation.
If I am a VCCS GAA Engineering applicant, which computer science course should I plan to take?
CSC 201, EGR 125 and EGR 126 most closely align with our curriculum.  If you are thinking of pursuing Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Systems Engineering, we recommend CSC 201.
Do I have to finish my associates degree in two years when applying under the guaranteed admission agreement?
The agreement states that in order to be eligible, you must apply to UVA within two years of earning your degree. You only have two years of eligibility after earning it.
Can I apply for the Commerce school or the Batten School and use the VCCS Guaranteed Admission Agreement as a back-up in case I am not admitted?
No.  In applying to transfer, you must select one school. You cannot apply to these schools and use the GAA for other schools simultaneously.
Housing
Are there any specific housing options for transfer students?
While there are no housing areas specifically reserved for transfer students, the University of Virginia is pleased to offer housing options that are designed to provide students who live on Grounds with a supportive and engaging residential experience. Resident Advisors (RAs) and Transfer Student Peer Advisors (TSPAs) collaborate to offer a breadth of residential programming designed to assist transfer students with academic planning, University community involvement, meeting peers, and taking advantage of all of the academic and extracurricular opportunities that the University has to offer.