URL: https://admission.virginia.edu/transfer/about-transfer
TITLE: About Transfer | The Office of Undergraduate Admission

Welcome! Thank you for your interest in transferring to the University of Virginia! Please read the following page in its entirety for an overview of the transfer process. The University of Virginia welcomes applicants who have begun their undergraduate education at another college or university after completing their secondary education.
The Office of Undergraduate Admission offers transfer opportunities for those seeking to earn a Bachelor's Degree in Charlottesville as traditional, fulltime students with in-person courses in one of the schools listed below. The UVA
School of Continuing and Professional Studies
offers a separate admission process and opportunity for those individuals looking to complete their undergraduate degree online with part-time flexibility through the
Bachelor of Interdisciplinary Studies (BIS)
degree or the
Bachelor of Professional Studies in Health Sciences Management (BPHM)
degree.
Students who enroll in one of the schools below will be expected to complete at minimum four semesters of full-time coursework in residence to earn a degree from UVA. Transfer candidates must be in good standing, both academically and socially, at all institutions they have attended. The following schools welcome transfer candidates applying through the Office of Undergraduate Admission:
The College of Arts and Sciences
The School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
The School of Architecture
The School of Nursing
The School of Education and Human Development
The McIntire School of Commerce
The Batten School of Leadership and Public Policy
Please click through the sections below to learn more about eligibility, admission criteria and the application process, and resources.
Minimum Eligibility
Prospective transfer applicants must have completed or have in progress a minimum of 24 transferable semester hours of coursework,
and
be one full year removed from high school graduation or the receipt of a high school equivalency by the time they will enter the University to be eligible for consideration.
High school or home-schooled students are not eligible for transfer and MUST apply as first-year applicants even if they are dual-enrolled and will have their associate's degree by the time they earn their high school diploma.
Maximum Eligibility
Students who already hold bachelor's degrees are not eligible to apply for a second undergraduate degree for any program outside of the School of Engineering. The School of Engineering prioritizes candidates who have not already earned bachelor's degrees, but will rarely admit individuals who already hold bachelor's degrees that are not in engineering or physics. If you already have your first bachelor's degree or equivalent, wherever that degree was conferred, you will only be eligible for Federal Direct Loans, and you will not be eligible for Pell Grants, State grants, or University funds.
Admission Criteria
Successful applicants ordinarily will have earned a cumulative grade point average of B or better at their previous colleges; they also will have completed, or come close to completing, the specific transfer course requirements for the school and program they wish to enter. Please refer to the
Transfer Course Requirements
page for more detailed information for the required courses and expectations for each school of enrollment.
We employ a holistic admission process; while a student's successful performance across the transfer course requirements is an essential component of our transfer review, we are also looking to enroll students that demonstrate the potential to live lives of purpose, impact, and service to others, and who demonstrate a determination to succeed. For more information, please refer to the
Characteristics and Qualities of Competitive Applicants
.
Application Process, Deadlines, and Materials
Admission is granted to individual schools within the University; the College of Arts and Sciences and School of Engineering and Applied Sciences do not admit directly to major. Please
review coursework
that should be completed prior to matriculation to each school.
Transfer candidates are ordinarily admitted only to begin each fall semester. A very limited number of transfer students are admitted to
only
the College of Arts and Sciences for the spring semester, and students interested in spring admission must have a minimum of 24 credits hours earned and completed by the end of the fall semester preceding the desired spring semester. Students in their first semester of college are not eligible for Spring Admission.
Deadlines:
Fall Admission: March 1
Spring Admission (College of Arts and Sciences
only
): October 1
Required Documents:
ALL
previous college and high school transcripts (see mailing address below)
Completed Common Application Transfer Application and UVA supplement
Optional Documents:
SAT/ACT Scores
AP/IB/AICE examinations (strongly encouraged for students who wish to receive credit for these scores, please view the
advanced examination credit section
to see how external examinations will transfer)
English Proficiency testing (strongly encouraged for international applicants whose first language is not English, more information can be found on the
International Student page
)
Letter of Recommendation
Mid-Semester grade report
Resources
The
Transfer Credit Analyzer
contains data on how courses have transferred historically to the College of Arts and Sciences. Courses that no student has attempted to transfer to UVA in the past will have to be evaluated for credit upon matriculation. The School of Engineering maintains a
credit equivalency page
as well.
Please refer to the
Transfer Events
page for upcoming transfer specific events.
The
Transfer Blog
is updated throughout the year with information about our current admission cycle.