URL: https://admission.virginia.edu/visit
TITLE: The Office of Undergraduate Admission

Opportunities to Explore UVA Grounds
Dean's Welcome and Tour
Designed for prospective students, this two-part event introduces you to the UVA experience. It includes a 30-minute welcome session, led by an admission dean, followed by a 90-minute student-led tour of Grounds. These sessions will provide an overview of our academic opportunities, student life, and the application process.
As you plan your visit, please keep in mind that registration is required for this event. If a date is full, we are unfortunately unable to offer a waitlist.
We ask that all underage students be accompanied by an adult. The University of Virginia expects parents or guardians to provide supervision over minors on University property during this event. Parents or guardians should not leave minors unsupervised on University property.
The Office of Undergraduate Admission is committed to accessibility. If you have any questions about accessibility or would like to inquire about accommodations, please contact us at
[email protected]
at least 14 working days in advance of your visit.
Group Tours
Group tours
are reserved for groups of 10 or more visitors, such as school groups, community-based organizations, and more.
Families and guests of prospective students should register for a Dean's Welcome and Tour.
Virtual Information Sessions
Virtual Information Sessions are scheduled throughout the year and include events for first year, transfer, and international students. In advance of your session, you may want to
join our contact list
or
view and explore our residence halls through virtual tours
.
Register for Your UVA Experience
Self-Guided Tour
For visitors who wish to explore Grounds independently or are unable to attend a Dean's Welcome and Tour, UVA welcomes you to explore Grounds at any time using our
Self-Guided Tour
.
Visitor Information
We encourage you to make the most of your visit to Grounds and Charlottesville. In order to do so, we have
compiled information
to guide you in your planning.
Individual School Tours and Information Sessions
Throughout the academic year, individual schools at the University host opportunities to learn more about their programs through information sessions, tours, and more. To learn more about the opportunities available for a specific school, select it below. Please note that some of these opportunities may require registration.
School of Engineering and Applied Science
School of Architecture
School of Nursing
McIntire School of Commerce
School of Education and Human Development
School of Data Science
Batten School of Leadership and Public Policy
Take a Virtual Tour of UVA Grounds