URL: https://www.commerce.virginia.edu/visit-us
TITLE: Visit Us

Visit Us
Come experience the Commerce School on Grounds in Charlottesville or at our Northern Virginia location near our nation's capital.
Charlottesville, VA
The McIntire School of Commerce is situated on the Breeden Commerce Grounds, just steps from UVA’s historic Lawn.
Rouss & Robertson Halls
140 Hospital Drive, Charlottesville, VA 22903
Cobb & Shumway Halls
111 Breeden Way, Charlottesville, VA 22903
Map & Directions
Map of UVA Grounds
Student Success Center Offices
Visitors to McIntire's Student Success Center should enter Shumway Hall's main entrance off the Breeden Commerce Grounds Plaza, which brings you directly to the third floor. The Student Success Center is located in Suite 331.
Student Success Center: +1 434-924-7986
Undergraduate Admissions and Graduate Marketing & Admissions Offices
Visitors to McIntire’s Office of Undergraduate Admissions or Office of Graduate Marketing and Admissions should enter Rouss Hall from the Lawn entrance, which brings you directly to the fourth floor. Once inside, you’ll find both offices in RRH 407.
Undergraduate Admissions: +1 434-924-3865
Graduate Admissions: +1 434-982-6800
Parking
Visitors can park in the
Central Grounds Parking Garage
, a 10-minute walk to the McIntire School. The garage is located under the University Bookstore at 400 Emmet St. Overflow parking can be found at the
Culbreth Road Parking Garage
, a 15-minute walk to the School's Lawn entrance at Rouss Hall. Hourly parking may be paid at both locations with the
ParkMobile
app.
Uber Drop-Off/Pick-Up
The best pick-up point for the McIntire School is on McCormick Road, at Garrett Alley, a three-minute walk from the School's entrance at Rouss Hall. Alternatively, Hospital Drive terminates in a cul-de-sac and connects to the east entrance of Robertson Hall (second floor stairwell entrance).
Map
Hotel Information
Charlottesville has many lodging options, including
The Forum Hotel
, the
Colonnade Club
, and the
Boar's Head Resort
. Visit the
Charlottesville Visitors Bureau
for a full list of available accommodations.
Walking Directions from the Central Grounds Parking Garage
Exit the garage at the top level, by the UVA Bookstore.
Walk across the open patio, towards the stairs on the right.
Ascend the stairs and stay to the right, walking between Monroe Hall (on your left) and the fountain (on your right).
Cross McCormick Avenue at the crosswalk and walk down the stairs towards the Amphitheater.
Keeping the Amphitheater on your right, stay straight on the sidewalk, and cross the Lawn.
The McIntire School is on the far side of the Lawn. Enter
Rouss Hall
from the Lawn level, and you will be on the fourth floor.
Shumway Hall
and
Cobb Hall
are accessible from the Lawn by descending the exterior stairs on either side of Rouss & Robertson Halls, or by taking the elevators inside RRH to the first floor of Robertson Hall and exiting through the east entrance.
Rosslyn, VA
M.S. in Business Analytics classes and M.S. in MIT classes are held at UVA Darden DC Metro, located in the
Rosslyn
district of Arlington, VA. The Grounds occupy the top two floors of a state-of-the-art building that rises 31 stories above the Potomac River, offering sweeping views of the nation’s capital.
UVA Darden Sands Family Grounds
1100 Wilson Boulevard
Floors 30-31
Arlington, VA 22209
+1 434-982-6800
msba@virginia.edu
Maps and Directions
Explore Sands Family Grounds