URL: https://business.tcnj.edu/academic-resources-policies/societal-impact
TITLE: Societal Impact – School of Business

Societal Impact
At the TCNJ School of Business, driving change is not just a concept—it is the guiding principle for our entire community. We are committed to leveraging the power of business education to create profound, positive influence, both locally and globally. Our societal impact extends through every facet of the School.
From empowering future leaders through scholarships for underserved populations and robust peer and alumni mentoring programs, to actively engaging the community through sponsoring initiatives like the Youth Entrepreneurship Academy and the annual NJ Sustainability Symposium. Our dedication to a better world is also demonstrated by faculty research that enhances awareness of critical societal issues, selected course offerings that address some of today’s biggest issues, student participation in non-profit and volunteer internships, and global consciousness cultivated through study abroad programs/scholarships. We are proud to foster an environment where business is consistently used as a powerful, ethical force for good.
Empowering Future Leaders
Our commitment is to cultivate the next generation of business leaders who lead with purpose. We are dedicated to removing barriers and providing the critical resources, mentorship, and support—from scholarships to professional readiness programs—that enable every student to reach their full potential, ensuring they graduate prepared to be an ethical, responsible, and impactful voice in the business world.
Investing in Access & Opportunity
The
HBM Student Invest
ment
Fund
provides our students the opportunity to participate in the student investment fund—an actively managed portfolio valued at $850,000. As part of the fund management, the fund distributes 3% to 4% of the value of the fund as scholarships to students from underserved populations from Ewing, New Jersey to attend TCNJ.
We have provided approximately 120 scholarships to date.
Building Diverse & Inclusive Communities
We actively sponsor and partner with
student groups
that promote diversity, inclusion, and belonging, ensuring that all perspectives are heard and valued.
These organizations provide vital community, leadership opportunities, and platforms for dialogue that enrich the educational experience for all.
Association of Latino Professionals for America
National Association of Black Accountants
The School of Business Inclusion Council
Women in Business
Mentorship for Success
Our structured
CEO Peer Mentoring
and
Alumni Mentoring
programs connect current students with experienced alumni and upperclassmen for professional guidance, networking opportunities, and career pathway advice, fostering lifelong professional relationships. These mentorships are invaluable for navigating academic challenges, exploring career paths, and building confidence.
2025-2026 Ceo Peer Mentoring Program Mentee Satisfaction rating 81%
2025-2026 Ceo Peer Mentoring Program Mentor Skill Development 86%
2025-2026 Ceo Peer Mentoring Program Mentor Satisfaction 95%
Professional Readiness
Through our partnership with the TCNJ Career Center for the Career Clothing Closet, we help address socioeconomic barriers by providing students with access to professional attire necessary for interviews, networking events, and the start of their careers. This partnership ensures that all students can present themselves professionally, regardless of financial circumstances, boosting their confidence and prospects.
Global & Community Engagement
The TCNJ School of Business is dedicated to applying our academic knowledge and student energy to real-world challenges, creating immediate, tangible impact within our local community and fostering global citizenship through outreach.
We partner with the community to host high-impact programs like the Youth Entrepreneurship Academy, inspiring the next generation of innovators, and sponsor events such as the Trenton Thunder Sports Management Night. This dual focus provides local students with hands-on business skills and unparalleled access to diverse career pathways and industry leaders.
Inside the Game
In summer 2025, the Trenton Thunder brought the business of sports to life by hosting a
Sports Management Networking Night
at the ballpark, in partnership with The College of New Jersey (TCNJ) School of Business. The event welcomed local high school and college students, as well as recent graduates, offering them a behind-the-scenes look at careers in the sports industry. The School of Business is co-sponsoring this event with Foundation Academies in summer 2026.
TCNJ to Host NJ’s YEA
The College of New Jersey School of Business has partnered with the Princeton Mercer Regional Chamber of Commerce to bring the first
Young Entrepreneurs Academy
in the state to the college’s campus in Ewing.
The national program, known as YEA! will give 30 students the opportunity to become real-life entrepreneurs through a 30-week experiential learning program.
The Business of Cannabis
TCNJ’s School of Business hosted “
The Business of Cannabis: Past, Present, and Future
”.
This free event was open to both the TCNJ and the local communities. The panel shared insights on the current and future state of the cannabis industry. The attendees had the opportunity to ask questions and gain more insight into this complex industry.
Investing in NJ’s Future
The TCNJ School of Business recently partnered with the School of Humanities and Social Sciences (HSS) to host a dynamic, student-led event, “
Investing in New Jersey’s Future.
” The forum brought together legislative leaders, faculty, and students to discuss critical issues facing the state, highlighting TCNJ’s commitment to civic engagement and interdisciplinary dialogue.
Cultivating Global Citizenship
Our study abroad programs, like Lions in London and Ghana, provide high-impact educational experiences that broaden students’ perspectives and prepare them for a globalized world. Several alumni-sponsored scholarships help remove financial barriers, making these life-changing opportunities accessible to a wider, more diverse student population. This combination of experiential learning and financial support fosters personal growth,intercultural competence, and enhanced career prospects for all students.
Service & Skill Application
Our students dedicate their skills to supporting non-profit organizations and crucial public service programs through community and non-profits service and The Community Bridge Internship Program. Through structured, stipend-supported service-learning placements, the Community Bridge Internship Programs achieves its dual mission: to cultivate exceptional, experience-based professional development for our students, while simultaneously enhancing the capacity, reach, and measurable community impact of our valued partners. Students also complete other non-profit internships and volunteer for VITA.
The Community Bridge Internship Program – Pilot – Spring 2026
7
New Community Partners
26
Student Applicants
11
Positions Filled (100%)
1
Full-Time Career Placement
Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA)
For the 2024 Tax Season
Federal Refunds
$2,314,977
Up
11%
from 2023
Mercer County Filings
+17%
20%
prepared by TCNJ Accounting students
Volunteer Hours
2,000
Volunteer hours by TCNJ Accounting students
While our team put in 2,000 hours,
one
standout TCNJ accounting student personally prepared
159 tax returns
. That’s 159 families helped by a single volunteer.
TCNJ Students Turn Tax Season into Hands-On Learning
For the 2025 Tax Season
Working through the
Mercer County United Way
, TCNJ accounting students demonstrated that their classroom learning has profound real-world applications. This year, the group collectively prepared at least
352 tax returns
, accounting for approximately
15% of the county’s overall total
. The coordinator of the Mercer County program praised the students’ performance, noting:
“The TCNJ students put up BIG numbers… We had a record year and without the continued student support, there is no way we get to that total.”
Research Enhancing Societal Awareness
Our faculty and students are actively engaged in research that explores ethics, corporate social responsibility, financial inclusion, and the impact of business on environmental and social systems. This work directly informs policy, drives corporate change, and enhances public understanding of critical issues.
“Between Lichen & Heaven”
Susanna Monseau, Professor of Marketing & Interdisciplinary Business, and ASF Fellow takes part in a documentary “Between Lichen & Heaven.” The film explores the fragile balance of livelihoods where culture, ecology, and economy are inseparably connected. The documentary stems from her research on the intersection of globalization, law, and sustainability in the textile and fashion industries.
Professor Linghui Tang and senior Economics major Kate Siedelhofer presented their co-authored research paper, “
From Target to Implementation: A Systematic Evaluation of Green Policies and Renewable Energy in Electricity Generation
” at the EURAM Conference in Florence, Italy.
Professor Trevor O’Grady, Economics, presented his research on “
Environmental Economics in Practice
,” at the
TCNJ Fall Faculty SH4RE.
The presentation overviewed his research on measuring the costs and benefits of protecting the environment in credible and policy-relevant ways.
Dr. Waheeda Lillevik, Associate Professor of Management, presented “Minimizing Microaggressions in Higher Education” at the
37th Annual NAPAHE Conference
in Washington, D.C.
The session focused on how our day-to-day interactions can incorporate small but impactful aspects of implicit bias.
Knowledge for Impact
As part of our commitment to shaping informed and ethical leaders, the TCNJ School of Business hosts signature annual events that move beyond the classroom. These forums provide essential opportunities for students and professionals to engage directly with influential leaders, challenge current paradigms, and advance critical conversations on sustainability, equity, and the future of business leadership.
Our annual Symposium on Sustainability and Inclusive Growth in New Jersey brings together students, faculty, alumni, corporate executives, and non-profit leaders to discuss the latest trends and solutions in sustainable business practices. We hosted our 6th annual symposium in fall 2025.
The Annual
Women’s Leadership
Summit
empowers and inspires students and professionals.
By bringing together successful leaders, the Summit fosters a strong network and provides actionable strategies and insights for professional advancement in our ever-evolving community of empowered women leaders.
Integrating Impact & Innovation
The Mayo Business Plan Competition is designed to increase student appreciation for the challenge of developing a viable business. Through an iterative process the MBPC recognizes those students best able to articulate a plan that addresses these challenges. In recognition of both the time involved and difficulty of the task, the competition provides a substantial reward for the successful teams. All undergraduate TCNJ students are invited to participate. Students with ideas that translate into viable business products or services can come from virtually any School and major.
With $60,000 in total prizes awarded to the top three teams, the competition acts as a powerful catalyst, providing the essential seed funding and mentorship needed to launch these impactful student ventures into the world.
Previous finalist teams have developed: a thrift store; a low-cost intuitive lighting system; naturally biodegradable single use cup alternative; locker system for patrons to place their keys at a bar; an affordable app to help youth understand their mental health’ and a sustainable way to dispose of waste fishing line.
Driving Change Forward
The TCNJ School of Business is defined by its unwavering commitment to generating positive societal influence. The extensive initiatives detailed on this page—from supporting students through scholarships and mentorship to driving global conversation at our leadership forums and funding innovative solutions through the Mayo Competition—are not just programs; they are expressions of our core mission.
We believe that business is the most powerful engine for change when guided by ethical principles and a sense of profound social responsibility. We invite you to explore further, engage with our work, and join us in driving change to build a more equitable, sustainable, and prosperous future for all.
Attend an Upcoming Event
Support Our Mission
Connect with us!