URL: https://business.tcnj.edu/scholarship-and-awards
TITLE: Scholarship and Awards – School of Business

Scholarship and Awards
TCNJ School of Business Foundation Scholarships & Awards
Accountancy Academic Merit Awards
Dr. Daniel R. Hall Award
Alyssa Ruggieri ’09 Scholar Award
Ross A. Henzel ’86 Scholarship
Appraisal Economics Excellence in Valuation Award
Lowell F. Johnson ’34 Scholarship
Edward J. Bambach ’50 School of Business Scholarship
The Beverly Kaye Award
The Cohn Reznick LLP Accounting Scholarship
Sailor Montelbano Scholarship
Dean Thomas P. Breslin Memorial Fund
Dr. Hossein Nouri Accounting Award
Delta Sigma Pi Scholarship Key
Tom Sabroe ’86 Scholarship
Maureen Downie School of Business Scholarship
Susanne Svizeny ’79 Scholarship
Dr. Neil Gaston Student Achievement Award
Eric & Gretchen Szabo Study Abroad Scholarship
Horvath & Glacin Scholarship
Waters Family Scholarship
Evan & Jennifer Graf ’96 International Travel Fund
Gloria E. Weissbart ’78 Scholarship Fund
Descriptions of these awards and scholarships are available
.
Currently Accepting Applications
Dr. Neil Gaston Student Achievement Award
Until his retirement on January 1, 2001, Dr. Neil Gaston spent almost all of his adult life (about 44 years) at The College of New Jersey. When he first arrived as a freshman in 1956, the College was known as Trenton State Teachers’ College. He graduated in 1960, earning his Masters’ Degree in 1962 from what had become Trenton State College. After graduation he accepted a teaching position at Sparta NJ High School, but in his third year there he was invited to return to the College as a faculty member – an invitation which he, at first, refused.
During the next 38 years Dr. Gaston served as a faculty member at the College. In 1971, while a faculty member, Dr. Gaston received his doctorate in business education from New York University. Also, during this time, he rose from an instructor to a full professor. In 1992 he was appointed Associate Dean for Student Affairs in the School of Business – a position he would not accept if it took him completely out of the classroom. Over the years he taught a variety of courses, including Business Education courses, Business Law, Personal Finance, Risk and Insurance. Additionally, he served as editor of a state professional magazine, wrote and published a number of articles on the teaching of business education, and did some extensive writing for West Publishing Company and the New York Stock Exchange.
Dr. Gaston came to love the College, and especially its students. He took great pleasure in chairing the Student Achievement Award Committee, overseeing the award that now bears his name and consists of a cash award (determined by investment earnings).
To be eligible for the award, a recipient must be a graduating senior in the School of Business with a minimum cumulative grade point average of 3.2, both overall and in business courses. The winning student must also have a significant record of involvement in college and/or community activities, demonstrate strong leadership skills and character, and show great promise for future success.
For full instructions, see the link below.
All applications must be completed and submitted, per the instructions, by 4 pm on February 25, 2026.
APPLY FOR AWARD
Previous TCNJ Foundation Scholarships and Awards
Daniel R. Hall Social Justice Award
– No longer given.
Private Scholarships
Private Scholarship General Information
Search for Scholarships – FastWeb
Sallie Mae Graduate School Scholarship Search
School of Business Dean’s List
The current Dean’s List
. As indicated in the College’s Undergraduate Bulletin:
“All degree candidates who complete 3 or more course units [=12 credits] (other than additive credits) in a semester with assigned letter grades and who have earned a 3.5 GPA that semester are eligible to be included in that semester’s Dean’s List. Pass (P) is not an assigned letter grade and may not be used toward meeting the requirements for the Dean’s List.”
Honor Society Induction Ceremonies
The induction ceremonies for Beta Alpha Psi, Beta Gamma Sigma, and Omicron Delta Epsilon were held at the School of Business Annual Honor Society Luncheon in the Spring. Each May, the top 1% of graduating seniors are inducted into the New Jersey Collegiate Business Administration Association Honor Society at the NJ State House. Visit the list of
new members
inducted into each organization.
Academic Awards
Each year during the Senior Awards Ceremony, the faculty of the School of Business recognize the academic and co-curricular achievements of our graduating seniors.
Descriptions of Academic Awards
can be viewed online.
View the list of the 2025 Award recipients here.