URL: https://business.tcnj.edu/undergraduate/admissions
TITLE: School of Business | TCNJ

Influencing the Future
in the School of Business
Business Skills to Improve Tomorrow
Get equipped for success in a community of innovators that prioritizes discovery, agility, analysis, and imagination. Here, students learn to apply business competencies and data to drive breakthrough ideas and solutions that amplify an organization’s value and societal impact. Prepare for a world of opportunity with a rigorous curriculum led by accomplished teacher-scholars and supported by a network of highly engaged alumni.
Apply
Request Info
Contact
Your support can make a world of difference.
Give Today
Experiential Learning
Develop your business acumen as you practice the art of learning through
doing—participating in national competitions, leadership conferences, study
abroad programs, or student-led organizations.
Featured:
Jacob Boyle and Ryan Chiu combined technology with
a solid business plan to tackle a compelling social need and won the $30K top
prize in TCNJ’s Mayo Business Plan Competition.
STUDY BUSINESS OVERSEAS
EXPLORE THE MAYO BUSINESS PLAN COMPETITION
Student-Faculty Collaboration
Gain firsthand knowledge and invaluable experience through research
assistantships with experienced faculty mentors. Students may also work with
faculty to publish and present work at national conferences.
SEE WHAT’S PUBLISHED
Community Engagement
Participate in community engagement experiences, applying acquired skills to
make a positive impact. Prioritizing meaningful community service that
addresses societal issues is key to developing business acumen.
READ OUR PHILOSOPHY
Programs and Departments
Accounting and Information Systems
Learn about accounting and information systems to evaluate and resolve complex problems.
Economics
Study the policies and activities that govern the way resources are allocated in society.
Finance
Examine how strategic resource allocation can increase value for an individual or organization.
Management
Study the art of motivating workplace performance and leading organizations to greater prosperity.
Marketing and Interdisciplinary Business
Specialize in creating consumer relationships or connecting business acumen to other passions.
A Hybrid MBA for Today
Flexible cohort learning for the working professional, offering an immediate return on investment.
Learn More
Accreditation by AACSB International—the Association to Advance Collegiate
Schools of Business—represents the highest standard of achievement for
business schools worldwide.
Poets&Quants
Top 100
Business Schools
Intentional Alliances
Our dedicated alumni are an integral part of our business program, readily
lending their wisdom, mentorship, and contacts to the next generation of
business leaders. You’ll interact often—in panel discussions, presentations,
and networking.
Featured:
Reagen Heidelberg ’01, an executive at Tru
Fragrance & Beauty, encourages students to stay true to themselves as they
evolve personally and professionally.
ALUMNI TIES
Connections That Drive Success
Networking Opportunities
Our grads forge unique and fulfilling career paths—from music exec, to art liaison to media planner.
Internships and co-ops
More than half of our students get a job before graduation. One reason? More than 80% complete internships.
Impactful Careers
In 2022, 93% of graduates pursuing employment secured jobs. A TCNJ degree prepares you for a breadth of career options.
Expanded Expertise
Enhance your marketable skills with our two-year cohort MBA program—designed
to hone applicable, real-world knowledge from day one. Collaborate with peers,
learn from accomplished faculty and industry leaders, and make lasting
professional connections.
EXPLORE OUR MBA PROGRAM
News
Visit our
News Archive
TCNJ Accounting Students Drive Record-Breaking Success for Mercer County VITA Program
Kenvue Guest Speakers Inspire TCNJ Supply Chain Students with Career Insights
TCNJ Business Students Take the Stage at MOBTC to Explore Empathy in the AI Era
A Message from the Interim Dean
It’s an honor to serve as Interim Dean at such an exciting time for the School of Business. With over 1,600 students and 100+ dedicated full-time and part-time faculty, we offer student-centered programs that prepare the next generation of ethical, globally minded leaders. From our undergraduate programs, growing MBA to new master’s degrees, we focus on real-world relevance, practical skills, academic rigor, and your success—whether you’re starting out, moving up, or exploring what’s next. I invite you to discover what makes our community exceptional.
Sunita Ahlawat
Interim Dean