URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/academics/undergraduate-programs
TITLE: Undergraduate Programs - Ivy College of Business

Undergraduate Programs
Majors, minors, and certificates
At the Ivy College of Business, the boundaries of what’s possible are yours to push, shape, and redefine. The undergraduate programs at Ivy offer a wide selection of majors, minors, and certificates to explore. Adventures continue here.
Choose your major
Choose your business major at Ivy
Accounting
Actuarial Science
Business Analytics
Business Economics
Entrepreneurship
Finance
Healthcare Management
Human Resource Management
Management
Management Information Systems
Marketing
Supply Chain Management
Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA)
Minors and certificates
Strengthen your academic experience by adding a minor or a certificate to your business and non-business degree.
Minors and certificates
Concurrent degree programs
Concurrent students are students who are earning their undergraduate and graduate degrees at the same time. Depending on your undergraduate major, you can jump into one of our one-year specialty masters in tandem with your bachelor’s degree — meaning you can finish both programs in five years.
Program options:
Bachelor of Accounting + Master of Accounting (ACCT-MACC)
Bachelor of Business Analytics + Master of Business Analytics (BUAN-MBAN)
Bachelor of Business Analytics + Master of Science in Information Systems (BUAN-MSIS)
Bachelor of Finance + Master of Finance (FIN-MFIN)
Bachelor of Mathematics + Master of Finance (MATH-MFIN)
Bachelor of Management Information Systems + Master of Business Analytics (MIS-MBAN)
Bachelor of Management Information Systems + Master of Science in Information Systems (MIS-MSIS)
Bachelor of Software Engineering + Master of Science in Information Systems (SE-MSIS)
Concurrent MBA program for a variety of technical majors
Accelerated degree programs
Accelerated business degree programs* (PDF)
*Nearly all of the Ivy bachelor degrees/majors can be completed on an accelerated schedule within three years. This pathway is an option for students who might wish to compress their studies, but other degree enhancements and options should be considered for the best overall route to degree completion, based on individual student’s goals and aspirations.
Request information
Visit Ivy
Apply
Connect with us
Undergraduate Student Services
1200 Gerdin Business Building
2167 Union Drive
Ames, Iowa 50011
undergrad@iastate.edu
515-294-8300
Questions?
Send us an email:
undergrad@iastate.edu
.
Call at
515-294-8300
any time between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Monday-Friday.
Schedule a video chat with a member of our recruitment staff. We can do this on your favorite platform, just let us know which one you prefer: Google Hangouts, Zoom, Skype, FaceTime, or suggest another.
Email our recruitment staff:
choosebusiness@iastate.edu
.