URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/academics/undergraduate-programs/human-resource-management
TITLE: Human Resource Management - Ivy College of Business

Human Resource Management
Make an impact
Our 2025 graduates
$54,666
average HRM starting salary
$18.38
average HRM internship wages
The field of human resource management (HRM) is a core contributor to an efficient and effective organization. HRM is focused on ensuring that organizations have employees with the right knowledge, skills, and abilities to achieve their objectives. HR professionals deliver the effective and necessary recruitment, training, development, and performance management processes that are crucial to sustained organizational success.
Our HRM major prepares graduates for success by integrating relevant HR content knowledge and professional skills with a contemporary data-driven perspective that organizations value.
In HRM, you can have a positive impact on the company and all of its employees. No longer seen merely as a support function, HRM is now broadly recognized as a core contributor to an organization’s competitiveness. This has led to exciting new career opportunities for our graduates.
To prepare you to be successful in this field, the HRM degree integrates knowledge in the core functional areas of HR with professional skills and contemporary data-driven perspectives —all aspects that an organization values.
Explore the Department of Management and Entrepreneurship
The Human Resource Management major is excellent for setting up students for post-graduation. Instructors are there to prepare you and give you real-world knowledge for a human resources job that is a backbone for any organization.
Abilene Sosa Baez, human resource management, Ivy College of Business
Gain real-world experience
You have many opportunities for involvement in consulting projects and clubs, including an active student Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM) chapter, with connections to the local SHRM organization for internship and job opportunities.
The capstone Talent Management course includes an experience-based component for seniors who will put knowledge into practice by working in teams on HRM-related consulting projects with actual companies (including exciting start-ups in the ISU Research Park).
Learn how HRM students are making an impact
Area of high growth potential
The job outlook for Human Resource Management is very promising, with jobs expected to grow by 7 percent over the next eight years.
— Bureau of Labor Statistics, bls.gov
Undergraduate Business Career Services
Human resource management at Ivy
What sets us apart
HRM is one of Ivy’s newest programs and started in fall 2021. This is the first four-year HRM degree program offered at one of the three Iowa Regent institutions.
This program prepares you for the Society of Human Resource Management Certified Professional (SHRM-CP) exam and designation.
At Ivy, you’ll learn from a combination of world-recognized scholars and accomplished professionals with real-world experience.
How we prepare you
The HRM program provides you with the knowledge and technical expertise in the functional areas of HRM, including recruiting, selection, training and development, performance management, compensation and benefits, and employment law.
You’ll learn relationship management skills, professionalism and business partnering skills, teamwork and collaboration skills, listening skills, and leadership skills.
You’ll learn critical and analytical thinking, analytical skills, data interpretation, and communication skills.
How we support you
In the Ivy human resource management program, you will:
Learn side-by-side with internationally known faculty who support you.
Meet and learn from leaders in the industry.
Work directly with career coordinators who support you in finding internships and full-time employment.
Have the opportunity to work with experts in the Ivy Writing and Speaking Center.
Have access to a devoted academic advisor who supports you.
Have access to scholarships — learn more about the
scholarships
we offer to our business students.
Requirements
Human resource management major requirements and classes
(for students entering Iowa State fall 2026 through summer 2027)
Sample four-year plan
Prior catalog year requirements
(for current students)
Curriculum Guide 2026
General Education Requirements 2026
Undergraduate Student Services
Customize your degree
Minors and certificates
Accelerated business degree program* (PDF)
*Nearly all of the Ivy bachelor degrees/majors can be completed on an accelerated schedule within three years. This pathway is an option for students who might wish to compress their studies, but other degree enhancements and options should be considered for the best overall route to degree completion, based on individual student’s goals and aspirations.
Academic Advising
Academic services
At the Ivy College of Business, we are here to support you from day one. We have academic advisors ready to help you select your classes and choose your major.
Connect with an Ivy expert
Professional career coaching
At Ivy, you can take advantage of professional career coaching. A career coordinator can assist you on how to approach the job market and to develop job-seeking strategies as well as networking opportunities. We are here to help you succeed!
Undergraduate Business Career Services
Take the next step
A human resource management degree from Ivy equips you to contribute effectively to organizations, ensuring employees have the knowledge and tools for success.
Request information
Visit Ivy
Apply
Connect with us
Undergraduate Student Services
1200 Gerdin Business Building
2167 Union Drive
Ames, Iowa 50011
undergrad@iastate.edu
515-294-8300
Questions?
Send us an email:
undergrad@iastate.edu
.
Call at
515-294-8300
any time between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Monday-Friday.
Schedule a video chat with a member of our recruitment staff. We can do this on your favorite platform, just let us know which one you prefer: Google Hangouts, Zoom, Skype, FaceTime, or suggest another.
Email our recruitment staff:
choosebusiness@iastate.edu
.