URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/academics/undergraduate-programs/bachelor-of-business-administration
TITLE: Bachelor of Business Administration - Ivy College of Business

Bachelor of Business Administration
Make an impact
Our 2025 graduates
$58,510
average BBA starting salary
Your degree completion is within reach!
The bachelor of business administration (BBA) degree-completer program is a general business degree that is offered online, and is only available to students who have earned at least 45 college credits. This exciting program pairs a rigorous foundation in business with courses that specifically strengthen your managerial skills. It’s an excellent fit if you are a working professional who has risen through the ranks and would like to advance your career in positions that typically require a four-year college degree.
There is added value. Your business degree will be from Iowa State University, an accredited public institution. The Ivy College of Business is accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB). Only about 5 percent of business schools in the world receive this accreditation.
Learn more today!
undergrad@iastate.edu
My family has inspired me to complete my degree because we know it will propel my career in the right direction in the United States Marine Corps.
Kevin Amaya, Des Moines, Iowa
Complete your business degree online
The BBA program meets the needs of students wanting the flexibility of online courses and a broader focus on general business. By enrolling in the BBA program, students can balance full-time employment or other personal commitments and the completion of a four-year degree in business.
This aspect of the program especially resonated with BBA graduate Angela Dong, who stated, “The online program gave me the flexibility, convenience, and accessibility to complete my degree while attending to other obligations. I was able to work at my own pace, choose when and where to study, and gain access to course materials and resources conveniently. I was able to complete my degree in a timely manner while equipping myself with the necessary skill sets to be successful in my career.”
Read more
.
Learn more about earning your BBA degree online
Bachelor of Business Administration at Ivy
What sets us apart
Your instructors are the same internationally-known, award-winning scholars who teach in our undergraduate and graduate programs on campus. Many are former industry executives who bring real-world experience to the classroom. You will also enjoy tailored virtual advising, IT support, career coaching, and access to the Ivy Writing and Speaking Center.
How we prepare you
The major-specific coursework targets the following skills:
Managing projects.
Negotiating and resolving conflicts.
Managing human resources.
Managing the supply chain (analyzing and improving process and/or transportation).
Managing finances (managerial accounting, analyzing financial markets and institutions, understanding real estate).
Managing a global and diverse workforce.
Managing sales and understanding consumer behavior.
At Ivy, you can also take advantage of professional career coaching. A career coordinator can assist you on how to approach the job market and to develop job-seeking strategies as well as networking opportunities. We are here to help you succeed!
How we support you
In the Ivy BBA program, you will:
Learn from internationally known faculty who support you.
Have access to leaders in the industry.
Work directly with career coordinators who support you in finding internships and full-time employment.
Have the opportunity to work with experts in the Ivy Writing and Speaking Center.
Have access to a devoted academic advisor who supports you.
Have access to scholarships — learn more about the
scholarships
we offer to our business students.
BBA program information
As a student enrolled in this program, you will learn the foundations of all areas of business by taking 27 credits of business core courses. You will then select 21 credits of required and elective upper-level coursework in the business administration major. These courses build out specialized knowledge in specific business areas to align with your personal and professional interests and emphasize critical management and leadership skills.
You must meet university general education requirements in addition to the required foundation, core, and major courses. Pace to completion of the program is contingent upon the transfer of degree-applicable credits. While all Ivy College of Business courses required for the program can be completed online, some general education and supplemental courses required for the degree may have limited online availability. Once enrolled, you will work with an academic advisor to determine how best to complete these classes at Iowa State or a community college.
The bachelor of business administration is open to all university students who have earned 45+ credits and want an online degree option.
Students in the BBA program are eligible for online minors but not second majors.
BBA courses are 16-week full-semester classes in the fall and spring semesters; some accelerated courses are available during the summer and winter sessions.
Tuition information for
full-time students
. Tuition information by
credit-hour
for students who may wish to attend part-time.
BBA transfer plans
Requirements
Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) requirements and classes
(for students entering Iowa State fall 2026 through summer 2027)
Prior catalog year requirements
(for current students)
BBA Curriculum Guide 2026
General Education Requirements 2026
Undergraduate Student Services
Academic services
At the Ivy College of Business, we are here to support you from day one. We have academic advisors ready to help you select your classes and choose your major.
Connect with an Ivy expert
Professional career coaching
At Ivy, you can take advantage of professional career coaching. A career coordinator can assist you on how to approach the job market and to develop job-seeking strategies as well as networking opportunities. We are here to help you succeed!
Undergraduate Business Career Services
Take the next step
The BBA degree-completer program is an excellent fit if you have some prior college experience, and are a working professional who has risen through the ranks and would like to advance your career in positions that typically require a four-year college degree.
Request information
Visit Ivy
Apply
Connect with us
Undergraduate Student Services
1200 Gerdin Business Building
2167 Union Drive
Ames, Iowa 50011
undergrad@iastate.edu
515-294-8300
Questions?
Send us an email:
undergrad@iastate.edu
.
Call at
515-294-8300
any time between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Monday-Friday.
Schedule a video chat with a member of our recruitment staff. We can do this on your favorite platform, just let us know which one you prefer: Google Hangouts, Zoom, Skype, FaceTime, or suggest another.
Email our recruitment staff:
choosebusiness@iastate.edu
.