URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/academics/undergraduate-programs/business-economics
TITLE: Business Economics - Ivy College of Business

Business Economics
Make an impact
Our 2024 graduates
$19.33
average business economics internship wage
Become a change agent with this major, and get the best of both worlds in business and economics. Business economics provides a high-quality education with a balanced emphasis in both business and economics. Gain a unique mix of analytical and applied business skills suited for employment in upper-level management and public service.
Traditional business programs focus on the organization and functions that deliver goods and services to customers. The focus in economics is production, distribution, and consumption, and how to best utilize available resources. This hybrid major offers a balanced focus in both areas.
As a graduate, you’ll possess a unique mix of analytical and applied business skills well-suited for employment in upper-level management and public service positions. You will also have solid preparation for graduate studies, including a master of business administration (MBA). The Department of Finance offer this major in partnership. Business economics majors benefit from receiving additional faculty and advising support from the Department of Economics.
Explore the Department of Finance at Ivy
I wanted to have a good understanding of the business side and the analytical side of what goes on in the economy and be a more well-rounded businessman in the future.
Lucas Rincker, (21 business economics)
Gain real-world experience
As a business student, you can participate in an internship as early as your first or second summer in college. Internships often provide an opportunity to confirm that your major is perfect for you. You will gain real-world experience where you can apply your classroom learning and skills in the workplace. After an internship, you’ll be better prepared for the global world of business. You will make connections with employers, network, and build relationships that may lead to full-time employment after graduation. Ivy students report high average salaries from their internships.
Learn more about internships at Ivy
Business economics at Ivy
What sets us apart
This major is open to all students at Iowa State University.
Combines practical business skills with a strong theoretical understanding of economics.
A high-quality education with a balanced emphasis in both disciplines.
The Ivy College of Business is is highly ranked among AACSB undergraduate accredited programs. See our
rankings
page for details.
How we prepare you
As a business student, you can participate in an internship as early as your first or second summer in college. Internships often provide an opportunity to confirm that your major is perfect for you. You will gain real-world experience where you can apply your classroom learning and skills in the workplace. After an internship, you’ll be better prepared for the global world of business. You will make connections with employers, network, and build relationships that may lead to full-time employment after graduation. Ivy students report high average salaries from their internships. Check out more on our
Employment Outcomes
page.
How we support you
In the Ivy business economics program, you will:
Learn side-by-side with internationally known faculty who support you.
Meet and learn from leaders in the industry.
Work directly with career coordinators who support you in finding internships and full-time employment.
Have the opportunity to work with experts in the Ivy Writing and Speaking Center.
Have access to a devoted academic advisor in Ivy and the Department of Economics who supports you.
Have access to scholarships — learn more about the
scholarships
we offer to our business students.
Requirements
Business economics major requirements and classes
(for students entering Iowa State fall 2026 through summer 2027)
Sample four-year plan
Prior catalog year requirements
(for current students)
Curriculum Guide 2026
General Education Requirements 2026
Undergraduate Student Services
Customize your degree
Minors and certificates
Accelerated business degree program* (PDF)
*Nearly all of the Ivy bachelor degrees/majors can be completed on an accelerated schedule within three years. This pathway is an option for students who might wish to compress their studies, but other degree enhancements and options should be considered for the best overall route to degree completion, based on individual student’s goals and aspirations.
Academic Advising
Academic services
At the Ivy College of Business, we are here to support you from day one. We have academic advisors ready to help you select your classes and choose your major.
Connect with an Ivy expert
Professional career coaching
At Ivy, you can take advantage of professional career coaching. A career coordinator can assist you on how to approach the job market and to develop job-seeking strategies as well as networking opportunities. We are here to help you succeed!
Undergraduate Business Career Services
Take the next step
Become a change agent with this major. Business economics provides a unique mix of analytical and applied business skills suited for employment in upper level management and public service.
Request information
Visit Ivy
Apply
Connect with us
Undergraduate Student Services
1200 Gerdin Business Building
2167 Union Drive
Ames, Iowa 50011
undergrad@iastate.edu
515-294-8300
Questions?
Send us an email:
undergrad@iastate.edu
.
Call at
515-294-8300
any time between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Monday-Friday.
Schedule a video chat with a member of our recruitment staff. We can do this on your favorite platform, just let us know which one you prefer: Google Hangouts, Zoom, Skype, FaceTime, or suggest another.
Email our recruitment staff:
choosebusiness@iastate.edu
.