URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/academics/undergraduate-programs/marketing
TITLE: Marketing - Ivy College of Business

Marketing
Make an impact
Our 2025 graduates
$53,804
average marketing starting salary
$17.12
average marketing internship wage
Inspire brands and grow customer relationships. Marketing affects every aspect of a company. As an Ivy marketing major, you’ll get real-world experience and have multiple opportunities to work with business professionals. You’ll become skilled at learning how to manage the entire marketing process.
Ivy professors will teach you how to increase demand for a product, increase recognition, and keep it relevant. With years of industry experience, they bring real-world examples into your courses. What you learn in the classroom will help you shine outside it, help you with internship opportunities, and prepare you for a bright future, no matter which area of marketing you specialize in.
You’ll put theory into practice through case studies, computer simulations, and fieldwork with real companies, owners, and managers. Working with your team, you’ll resolve challenges and seize opportunities. You’ll develop your marketing skills while learning how to manage the entire marketing process – from research and market segmentation to product design, pricing, promotion, personal selling, and distribution. Marketing decisions are made in every company area and can include and can include product design, pricing, promotion, personal selling, and facility location.
A marketing degree will prepare you for careers in product management, public relations, advertising and sales promotion, marketing research, and sales.
Explore the Department of Marketing
My favorite thing about having my own business is the creative freedom I get when it comes to my channels and seeing my vision come to life.
Irma Guzman, marketing, Ivy College of Business
Gain real-world experience
Named a “Top University for Professional Sales Education”
—
2023
Sales Education Foundation
You’ll get hands-on experience in the Houston Professional Sales Suite in the Gerdin Business Building. Imagine yourself walking into a state-of-the-art learning space, dressed in your professional best. You greet the person at the front desk, just like an actual client meeting. You meet with an industry representative and make your sales pitch. This is the perfect practice for any sales call. You’ll be recorded so your experience can be reviewed and improved later. The new sales suite has a computer room where judges can observe and score sales pitch competitions if you choose to participate. No need to feel intimated. You have peer and faculty support all the way!
Learn more about the Ivy Sales Program
Marketing at Ivy
What sets us apart
At Ivy, you’ll have an edge.
You’ll have access to the Houston Profession Sales Suite – home of the
Ivy Sales Program
. Since sales is at the heart of most business enterprises, leaders at the Ivy College of Business invested in this program as a result of market demand and dedicated an entire suite in the new Gerdin Business Building expansion to this area. The suite allows space for sales education and real-life practice that puts our students in front of the competition.
The
Ivy Sales Forum
is a collaboration between academia and industry. Here, you’ll build a network and develop professional relationships through corporate participation in the sales program.
Consider the
professional sales certificate
– designed for all undergraduate majors who wish to enhance their degree and employment possibilities. The certificate program will equip you with knowledge and skills related to developing and managing mutually beneficial relationships with customers.
Consider adding the
business and technology consulting minor
– available to all undergraduate students at Iowa State University. To prepare you for this exciting and challenging career, our business and technology consulting minor will guide you through a set of core courses, the majority of which contain significant experiential learning components. This training ensures you are ready to become an adaptable consultant equipped with robust problem-solving, communication, and leadership skills.
How we prepare you
We provide a variety of options where you can connect with faculty and staff and get involved in competitions and clubs.
The Marketing Club
,
Iowa State’s chapter of the American Marketing Association (AMA), promotes awareness in the marketing field through professional development, career exploration, and networking. Monthly meetings help you learn about different areas of marketing from professionals at companies like Pella Corporation, Corteva Agriscience, Target, Workiva, and Vermeer.
Learn and network with leading professionals in the sales industry through the Sales Club (ISUSC). ISUSC is dedicated to the professional development of students interested in pursuing a career in sales. By allowing students to learn and network with leading professionals in the sales industry, ISUSC strives to transform leaders of today into sales professionals of tomorrow.
Get involved by joining one or more of the
student organizations
at Ivy.
How we support you
In the Ivy marketing program, you will:
Learn side-by-side with internationally known faculty who support you.
Meet and learn from leaders in the industry.
Work directly with career coordinators who support you in finding internships and full-time employment.
Have the opportunity to work with experts in the Ivy Writing and Speaking Center.
Have access to a devoted academic advisor who supports you.
Have access to scholarships — learn more about the
scholarships
we offer to our business students.
Requirements
Marketing major requirements and classes
(for students entering Iowa State fall 2026 through summer 2027)
Sample four-year plan
Prior catalog year requirements
(for current students)
Curriculum Guide 2026
General Education Requirements 2026
Marketing minor
Business and technology consulting minor
Professional sales certificate
Undergraduate Student Services
Customize your degree
Minors and certificates
Accelerated business degree program* (PDF)
*Nearly all of the Ivy bachelor degrees/majors can be completed on an accelerated schedule within three years. This pathway is an option for students who might wish to compress their studies, but other degree enhancements and options should be considered for the best overall route to degree completion, based on individual student’s goals and aspirations.
Academic Advising
Academic services
At the Ivy College of Business, we are here to support you from day one. We have academic advisors ready to help you select your classes and choose your major.
Connect with an Ivy expert
Professional career coaching
At Ivy, you can take advantage of professional career coaching. A career coordinator can assist you on how to approach the job market and to develop job-seeking strategies as well as networking opportunities. We are here to help you succeed!
Undergraduate Business Career Services
Take the next step
Inspire brands and grow customer relationships. As a marketing major at Ivy, you’ll get real-world experience and learn how to manage the entire marketing process.
Request information
Visit Ivy
Apply
Connect with us
Undergraduate Student Services
1200 Gerdin Business Building
2167 Union Drive
Ames, Iowa 50011
undergrad@iastate.edu
515-294-8300
Questions?
Send us an email:
undergrad@iastate.edu
.
Call at
515-294-8300
any time between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Monday-Friday.
Schedule a video chat with a member of our recruitment staff. We can do this on your favorite platform, just let us know which one you prefer: Google Hangouts, Zoom, Skype, FaceTime, or suggest another.
Email our recruitment staff:
choosebusiness@iastate.edu
.