URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/academics/undergraduate-programs/business-analytics
TITLE: Business Analytics - Ivy College of Business

Business Analytics
Make an impact
Our 2025 graduates
$71,062
average business analytics starting salary
$21.42
average business analytics internship wage
Would you like to make a difference? A degree in business analytics has that potential. Think about it. We live in a world overwhelmed with data. Today’s businesses are data-rich yet information-poor. They need the talent to help them drive data insights, leading to smarter decisions.
Not only will you be prepared to help companies and organizations make better decisions, but you can also make the world a better place. Analytics have been used to help provide safe drinking water, fight malaria, solve sudden infant death syndrome, fight corruption and fraud, improve child welfare, and promote small business development. With business analytics, your work can improve lives.
With a career in business analytics, you can rule the world of big data.
What is big data? It’s a term used to refer to the volume of data available on a daily basis. Today’s businesses collect more data than they have time to analyze. They need the talent to help them drive insights from data, which is key for making solid decisions. Choosing a career in business analytics provides you with a unique opportunity. You’ll be in demand and you will have the opportunity to make a significant impact in a company or organization. Businesses will need you. Companies committed to making data-driven decisions use business analytics, a process combining technology, statistics, and business. In this major, you will learn the skills, technologies, and best practices for analytical problem-solving, skills that help.
Explore the Department of Information Systems and Business Analytics
Getting job experience is probably the most important thing to help you to develop your skills, and the more experience and connections that you have, the more opportunities that will open for you.
Derek Kinney  (’23 business analytics and finance)
Gain real-world experience
As a business student, you can participate in an internship as early as your first or second summer in college. Internships often provide an opportunity to confirm that your major is perfect for you. You will gain real-world experience where you can apply your classroom learning and skills in the workplace. After an internship, you’ll be better prepared for the global world of business. You will make connections with employers, network, and build relationships that may lead to full-time employment after graduation. Ivy students report high average salaries from their internships.
Learn more about internships at Ivy
Business analytics at Ivy
What sets us apart
You’ll learn from internationally known faculty who are here to support you throughout your college journey.
The Ivy College of Business is is highly ranked among AACSB undergraduate accredited programs. See our
rankings
page for details.
How we prepare you
Beyond the classroom, the Information Systems and Business Analytics Club focuses on careers, networking with professionals in the field, as well as using and developing the latest technologies. Companies like Kingland Systems, Ernst & Young, John Deere, Workiva, and more visit Ivy each week to connect with students and offer career opportunities. MIS club members also visit well-known IT companies in the Midwest. Tour the facilities, learn about the company, explore career opportunities, and network with alumni.
Learn more about getting involved with
student organizations
at Iowa State.
How we support you
In the Ivy business analytics program, you will:
Learn side-by-side with internationally known faculty who support you.
Meet and learn from leaders in the industry.
Work directly with career coordinators who support you in finding internships and full-time employment.
Have the opportunity to work with experts in the Ivy Writing and Speaking Center.
Have access to a devoted academic advisor who supports you.
Have access to scholarships — learn more about the
scholarships
we offer to our business students.
Requirements
Business analytics major requirements and classes
(for students entering Iowa State fall 2026 through summer 2027)
Sample four-year plan
Prior catalog year requirements
(for current students)
Curriculum Guide 2026
General Education Requirements 2026
Business analytics minor
Undergraduate Student Services
Customize your degree
Minors and certificates
Concurrent master of business analytics
Concurrent master of science in information systems
Accelerated business degree program* (PDF)
*Nearly all of the Ivy bachelor degrees/majors can be completed on an accelerated schedule within three years. This pathway is an option for students who might wish to compress their studies, but other degree enhancements and options should be considered for the best overall route to degree completion, based on individual student’s goals and aspirations.
Academic Advising
Academic services
At the Ivy College of Business, we are here to support you from day one. We have academic advisors ready to help you select your classes and choose your major.
Connect with an Ivy expert
Professional career coaching
At Ivy, you can take advantage of professional career coaching. A career coordinator can assist you on how to approach the job market and to develop job-seeking strategies as well as networking opportunities. We are here to help you succeed!
Undergraduate Business Career Services
Take the next step
You can make a difference in the world. A degree in business analytics has that potential. Think about it. We live in a world overwhelmed with data. Today’s businesses are data-rich, yet information-poor. They need the talent to help them drive insights from data, which leads to smarter decisions.
Request information
Visit Ivy
Apply
Connect with us
Undergraduate Student Services
1200 Gerdin Business Building
2167 Union Drive
Ames, Iowa 50011
undergrad@iastate.edu
515-294-8300
Questions?
Send us an email:
undergrad@iastate.edu
.
Call at
515-294-8300
any time between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Monday-Friday.
Schedule a video chat with a member of our recruitment staff. We can do this on your favorite platform, just let us know which one you prefer: Google Hangouts, Zoom, Skype, FaceTime, or suggest another.
Email our recruitment staff:
choosebusiness@iastate.edu
.