URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/academics/undergraduate-programs/actuarial-science
TITLE: Actuarial Science - Ivy College of Business

Actuarial Science
Make an impact
Our 2025 graduates
$82,280
average actuarial science starting salary
$23.68
average actuarial science internship wage
Be a risk management guru
Actuarial science is the discipline that applies financial, mathematical, and statistical methods to assess risk in insurance, finance, and other industries and professions. Risks are undesirable events that an organization would like to avoid. Combine that with solid business skills, and you’ll have what you need to stand out in your career. Actuaries help businesses manage their risk and help leaders make strategic decisions. Join one of the fastest-growing careers in Iowa.
Majoring in actuarial science is challenging and rewarding at the same time. It requires that you have strong skills and interests in business, finance, statistics, and mathematics. Many actuaries are employed by insurance companies, where they help calculate the premiums for their products. Given that insurance is a business, it is essential that actuaries have strong business skills. Actuaries are also employed by pension funds, Social Security, banks, investment companies, consulting companies, and education. The opportunities are endless!
Explore the Department of Finance
Joining my professional business fraternity has significantly boosted my professional development skills. Surrounding myself with highly motivated, ambitious future business leaders has helped me tremendously.
Jack Turcotte, actuarial science, Ivy College of Business
Gain real-world experience
As a business student, you can participate in an internship as early as your first or second summer in college. Internships often provide an opportunity to confirm that your major is perfect for you. You will gain real-world experience where you can apply your classroom learning and skills in the workplace. After an internship, you’ll be better prepared for the global business world. You will make connections with employers, network, and build relationships that may lead to full-time employment after graduation. Ivy students report high average salaries from their internships.
Ryan Crawford, an actuarial science and statistics major from Sioux City, Iowa, successfully completed his actuarial internship with Great West Casualty Company.
Read more
.
Learn more about internships at Ivy
Actuarial Science at Ivy
What sets us apart
Since the program is housed in the Ivy College of Business, you receive a strong foundation in business and a thorough understanding of a business enterprise. This gives you an advantage compared to programs housed in statistics or mathematics departments. It helps actuaries establish a strong background in other business areas like finance, analytics, or accounting. You can also double major in another area of business.
Also:
The Ivy College of Business is is highly ranked among AACSB undergraduate accredited programs. See our
rankings
page for details.
Des Moines, the third-largest insurance capital of the world, is only 30 miles away.
We have 100 percent placement of actuarial science graduates.
How we prepare you
To be an actuary, you need a bachelor’s degree and must pass a series of exams given by the Society of Actuaries and Casualty and Actuarial Society. The Ivy program is designed to prepare you with the knowledge base and skills in finance, mathematics, and statistics needed to pass up to five actuarial exams, so you’ll be career-ready when you graduate. Beyond the classroom, you can represent Ivy in a case competition and join in the Global Insurance Symposium (GIS), the premier insurance symposium in Iowa and the country that brings together over 500 insurance and financial services company executives, national and international regulators, state and federal government representatives, entrepreneurs, and startup tech firms.
How we support you
In the Ivy actuarial science program, you will:
Learn side-by-side with internationally known faculty who support you.
Meet and learn from leaders in the industry.
Work directly with career coordinators who support you in finding internships and full-time employment.
Have the opportunity to work with experts in the Ivy Writing and Speaking Center.
Have access to a devoted academic advisor who supports you.
Have access to scholarships — learn more about the
scholarships
we offer to our business students.
Requirements
Actuarial science major requirements and classes
(for students entering Iowa State fall 2026 through summer 2027)
Sample four-year plan
Prior catalog year requirements
(for current students)
Certificate in actuarial science
(College of Liberal Arts and Sciences)
ACSCI Curriculum Guide 2026
General Education Requirements 2026
Undergraduate Student Services
Academic services
At the Ivy College of Business, we are here to support you from day one. We have academic advisors ready to help you select your classes and choose your major.
Connect with an Ivy expert
Professional career coaching
At Ivy, you can take advantage of professional career coaching. A career coordinator can assist you on how to approach the job market and to develop job-seeking strategies as well as networking opportunities. We are here to help you succeed!
Undergraduate Business Career Services
Take the next step
Become a risk management guru with your degree in actuarial science and join one of the fastest growing careers in Iowa.
Request information
Visit Ivy
Apply
Connect with us
Undergraduate Student Services
1200 Gerdin Business Building
2167 Union Drive
Ames, Iowa 50011
undergrad@iastate.edu
515-294-8300
Questions?
Send us an email:
undergrad@iastate.edu
.
Call at
515-294-8300
any time between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Monday-Friday.
Schedule a video chat with a member of our recruitment staff. We can do this on your favorite platform, just let us know which one you prefer: Google Hangouts, Zoom, Skype, FaceTime, or suggest another.
Email our recruitment staff:
choosebusiness@iastate.edu
.