URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/academics/undergraduate-programs/healthcare-management
TITLE: Healthcare Management - Ivy College of Business

Healthcare Management
Make an impact
Our 2025 graduates
$18.38
average healthcare management internship wage
Combine your interest in healthcare and business at Ivy
Healthcare management is a great fit for students who want to combine their interests in both healthcare and business. As an Ivy student, you can look forward to an exciting career and a bright future in the healthcare industry. Your business degree will help those in the healthcare industry make important business decisions every day, while positively impacting lives in your community.
With a healthcare management degree, you will be immediately prepared for employment in entry-level managerial positions in healthcare settings and well-positioned to advance into a leadership position.
Explore the Department of Management and Entrepreneurship
I wanted to be a part of an industry where I can make a difference and help people without being at the bedside. Healthcare Management allows me to do just that.
Maci Wittrock (’23 healthcare management)
Gain real-world experience
As a business student, you can participate in an internship as early as your first or second summer in college. Internships often provide an opportunity to confirm that your major is perfect for you. You will gain real-world experience where you can apply your classroom learning and skills in the workplace. After an internship, you’ll be better prepared for the global world of business. You will make connections with employers, network, and build relationships that may lead to full-time employment after graduation. Ivy students report high average salaries from their internships.
Business students like Chloe Jaeger who want real-world experience in healthcare management can do that in Ames, thanks to a new partnership between the Debbie and Jerry Ivy College of Business and Mary Greeley Medical Center.
Learn more about our healthcare partnerships
Healthcare management at Ivy
What sets us apart
Our curriculum is designed to meet the healthcare management workforce needs and targets three categories of learning objectives:
Foundational knowledge of the healthcare management field.
Comprehensive business skills.
Experiential learning.
We provide an interdisciplinary learning environment. The Ivy healthcare management program utilizes expertise across the disciplines within the college of business, including healthcare management, finance, information systems, and business analytics. The degree also allows you to take electives from other healthcare disciplines on campus. This collaborative nature provides a holistic approach to healthcare management issues and allows for a diverse educational experience.
We foster valuable partnerships with nationally recognized healthcare organizations to provide experiential learning opportunities for our healthcare management students.
Learn more about our healthcare partnerships
Healthcare Programs Executive Advisory Council
How we prepare you
The degree requires that each student completes experiential learning. You can fulfill the requirement in one of the following ways:
Internship in healthcare management.
Cooperative education.
Independent study.
Ivy faculty and career coordinators work directly with you to ensure your experiential learning aligns with your interests and career goals.
As a healthcare management student, you will take specialized healthcare courses, including:
U.S. Healthcare System.
Financial Management for Healthcare Organizations.
Healthcare Quality Management.
Health Economics.
Healthcare Law.
Healthcare Information Systems.
This program will teach you how to apply managerial principles to the unique, complex, and growing healthcare industry. You can also choose one of the following electives:
Introduction to Human Resources Management.
Conflict and Negotiation.
Management of Diversity.
Social Entrepreneurship.
Services Marketing.
Environments for the Aging.
Public Health and Community.
Global Health Disparities.
Health Psychology.
How we support you
In the Ivy healthcare management program, you will:
Learn side-by-side with internationally known faculty who support you.
Meet and learn from leaders in the healthcare industry.
Have the opportunity to participate in an internship or co-ops during your studies.
Work directly with career coordinators who support you in finding internships and full-time employment.
Have the opportunity to work with experts in the Ivy Writing and Speaking Center.
Have access to a devoted academic advisor who supports you.
Have access to scholarships — learn more about the
scholarships
we offer to our business students.
Student internship and employment outcomes
Student internships:
Post-graduate employers:
Employment roles:
Mary Greeley Medical Center
Ames, Iowa
Mary Greeley Medical Center
Ames, Iowa
Financial Counselor,
Performance Improvement Specialist
Boone County Hospital
Boone, Iowa
Broadlawns Medical Center
Des Moines, Iowa
Human Resources Coordinator
McFarland Clinic
Ames, Iowa
Story County Medical Center
Nevada, Iowa
Credentialing Specialist
UnityPoint Health
Des Moines, Iowa
UP Southwestern Medical Center
Dallas, Texas
Medical Residency and Fellowship Program Coordinator
Trinity Health
Minot, North Dakota
Trinity Health
Dubuque, Iowa
Coordinator of Wellness Program
Iowa Medical Society
Des Moines, Iowa
The Clare – Luxury Senior Living, LCS
Chicago, Illinois
Associate Administrator
Green Hills Retirement Community
Ames, Iowa
Mayo Clinic
Rochester, Minnesota
Stonehill Communities
Dubuque, Iowa
Graduate school:
Optum (virtual)
PhD, Human Development and Family Studies
College of Health and Human Sciences
Iowa State University
Wellmark Blue Cross Blue Shield
Des Moines, Iowa
Master of Public Affairs, Health Policy
La Follette School of Public Affairs
University of Wisconsin-Madison
Delta Dental
Johnston, Iowa
Juris Doctor Program
College of Law
Jacksonville University
Olathe Medical Center
Olathe, Kansas
Thielen Student Health Center
Ames, Iowa
Mercalis (virtual)
Northwestern Medicine
Chicago, Illinois
Order of St. Francis Healthcare
Rockford, Illinois
Franklin General Hospital
Hampton, Iowa
Requirements
Healthcare management major requirements and classes
(for students entering Iowa State fall 2026 through summer 2027)
Sample four-year plan
Prior catalog year requirements
(for current students)
Curriculum Guide 2026
General Education Requirements 2026
Healthcare management certificate
Undergraduate Student Services
Customize your degree
Minors and certificates
Accelerated business degree program* (PDF)
*Nearly all of the Ivy bachelor degrees/majors can be completed on an accelerated schedule within three years. This pathway is an option for students who might wish to compress their studies, but other degree enhancements and options should be considered for the best overall route to degree completion, based on individual student’s goals and aspirations.
Academic Advising
Academic services
At the Ivy College of Business, we are here to support you from day one. We have academic advisors ready to help you select your classes and choose your major.
Connect with an Ivy expert
Professional career coaching
At Ivy, you can take advantage of professional career coaching. A career coordinator can assist you on how to approach the job market and to develop job-seeking strategies as well as networking opportunities. We are here to help you succeed!
Undergraduate Business Career Services
Take the next step
As a healthcare management major you will meet and learn from leaders in the healthcare industry and utilize the expertise across the college of business disciplines, including healthcare management, finance, information systems, and business analytics.
Request information
Visit Ivy
Apply
Connect with us
Undergraduate Student Services
1200 Gerdin Business Building
2167 Union Drive
Ames, Iowa 50011
undergrad@iastate.edu
515-294-8300
Natallia Gray
Executive Director for Healthcare Initiatives
3282 Gerdin Business Building
2167 Union Drive
Ames, Iowa 50011
nagray@iastate.edu
515-294-2799
HCM Newsletter
December 2025
Your gift matters
Make a positive impact on Ivy’s healthcare management students.
Give to Healthcare Management Program at Ivy