URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/academics/undergraduate-programs/minors-and-certificates
TITLE: Minors and Certificates - Ivy College of Business

Minors and Certificates
Strengthen your academic experience
As a student in the Ivy College of Business, you have the opportunity to strengthen your academic experience by adding a minor or a certificate to your business and non-business degree. The best way to get this started is to work with an
academic advisor
to map out the best plan for you.
The following minors and certificate are open to students with a major in the Ivy College of Business, unless noted otherwise:
Minors and certificates
Accounting minor
Business analytics minor
Business and technology consulting minor
Open to all Iowa State University students.
Entrepreneurship minor
Open to all Iowa State University students.
Finance minor
General business minor
Only available to non-business majors.
Courses available online and in-person.
Healthcare management certificate
Open to all Iowa State University students.
International business minor
Management minor
Management information systems minor
Marketing minor
Professional sales certificate
Open to all Iowa State University students
.
Real estate certificate
Open to all Iowa State University students.
Risk management and insurance certificate
Open to all Iowa State University students.
Supply chain management minor
Undergraduate majors
Academic services
At the Ivy College of Business, we are here to support you from day one. We have academic advisors ready to help you select your classes and choose your major.
Connect with an Ivy expert
Professional career coaching
At Ivy, you can take advantage of professional career coaching. A career coordinator can assist you on how to approach the job market and to develop job-seeking strategies as well as networking opportunities. We are here to help you succeed!
Undergraduate Business Career Services
Connect with us
Undergraduate Student Services
1200 Gerdin Business Building
2167 Union Drive
Ames, Iowa 50011
undergrad@iastate.edu
515-294-8300
Questions?
Send us an email:
undergrad@iastate.edu
.
Call at
515-294-8300
any time between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Monday-Friday.