URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/academics/undergraduate-programs/management-information-systems
TITLE: Management Information Systems - Ivy College of Business

Management Information Systems
Make an Impact
Our 2025 graduates
$64,682
average MIS starting salary
$20.27
average MIS internship wage
Become a data powerhouse
Management information systems (MIS) is ideal if you have an interest in business and technology and want to explore the exciting possibilities where these subjects overlap. As an MIS student, you’ll learn to critically analyze business processes, identify inefficiencies, assess information requirements, and create powerful business solutions using technology.
This degree leads to many career options. In the world of management information systems, you can enhance the volunteer database of a service organization or provide consultation to a state agency. Our hands-on approach means you’ll be gaining the practical experience needed for success after graduation. You’ll receive comprehensive training in the application, use, and management of information systems preparing you to provide effective information services and support.
The MIS program is different than computer science or computer engineering. This program emphasizes business first, teaching skills such as accounting, finance, management, and others, with the support of technical skills. MIS uses those technical skills to provide problem-solving ability in making business decisions.
Explore the Department of Information Systems and Business Analytics
Management information systems professionals are the future. They are able to connect with the world through technology and interpersonal communication.
Arianna Burkes, management information systems, Ivy College of Business
Gain real world experience
In this program, you’ll get hands-on experience using cutting-edge information technology tools like Power BI, Tableau, and JMP to enhance technical expertise.
You’ll create opportunities and solve business problems by designing, implementing, and using innovative information technology solutions.
You’ll develop information systems knowledge and skills sought after by firms, large or small, as they look to keep their business competitive in today’s digital economy.
Zach Mayle, (‘23 management information systems) found his internship serving on Principal’s cyber risk management team to be a perfect fit.
Read more
.
Learn more about internships at Ivy
Management information systems at Ivy
What sets us apart
The Ivy MIS program is different from computer science or computer engineering. This program emphasizes business first, teaching skills such as accounting, finance, management, and others, with the support of technical skills. MIS uses those technical skills to provide problem-solving ability in making business decisions.
Ours is a business-oriented curriculum using information technology as a means to improve profitability, work productivity, innovation, and better customer engagement.
How we prepare you
Study with faculty on the leading edge of research and current trends in management information systems (MIS), including cyber security and e-commerce.
As a management information systems (MIS) professional, you’ll be on the leading edge of technology. We set you up to be innovative and know how to solve business problems using technology.
You’ll have access to the Information Systems and Business Analytics Club, which focuses on careers, networking with professionals in the field, as well as using and developing the latest technologies.  Each week, companies like Kingland Systems, Ernst & Young, John Deere, Workiva, and more visit Ivy to make connections and offer career opportunities. MIS club members also visit well-known IT companies in the Midwest. You’ll tour the facilities, learn about the company, explore career opportunities, and network with alumni.
How we support you
In the Ivy management information systems program, you will:
Learn side-by-side with internationally known faculty who support you.
Meet and learn from leaders in the industry.
Work directly with career coordinators who support you in finding internships and full-time employment.
Have the opportunity to work with experts in the Ivy Writing and Speaking Center.
Have access to a devoted academic advisor who supports you.
Have access to scholarships — we offer more than $2M in scholarships to our business students.
Requirements
Management information systems major requirements and classes
(for students entering Iowa State fall 2026 through summer 2027)
Sample 4-year plan
Prior catalog year requirements
(for current students)
Curriculum Guide 2026
General Education Requirements 2026
Management information systems minor
Undergraduate Student Services
Customize your degree
Minors and certificates
Concurrent master of business analytics
Concurrent master of science in information systems
Accelerated business degree program* (PDF)
*Nearly all of the Ivy bachelor degrees/majors can be completed on an accelerated schedule within three years. This pathway is an option for students who might wish to compress their studies, but other degree enhancements and options should be considered for the best overall route to degree completion, based on individual student’s goals and aspirations.
Academic Advising
Academic services
At the Ivy College of Business, we are here to support you from day one. We have academic advisors ready to help you select your classes and choose your major.
Connect with an Ivy expert
Professional career coaching
At Ivy, you can take advantage of professional career coaching. A career coordinator can assist you on how to approach the job market and to develop job-seeking strategies as well as networking opportunities. We are here to help you succeed!
Undergraduate Business Career Services
Take the next step
Be a data powerhouse. Management information systems professionals are on the leading edge of technology. They are innovative and know how to solve business problems using technology. Find out more.
Request information
Visit Ivy
Apply
Connect with us
Undergraduate Student Services
1200 Gerdin Business Building
2167 Union Drive
Ames, Iowa 50011
undergrad@iastate.edu
515-294-8300
Questions?
Send us an email:
undergrad@iastate.edu
.
Call at
515-294-8300
any time between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Monday-Friday.
Schedule a video chat with a member of our recruitment staff. We can do this on your favorite platform, just let us know which one you prefer: Google Hangouts, Zoom, Skype, FaceTime, or suggest another.
Email our recruitment staff:
choosebusiness@iastate.edu
.