URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/academics/undergraduate-programs/supply-chain-management
TITLE: Supply Chain Management - Ivy College of Business

Supply Chain Management
Make an impact
Our 2025 graduates
$62,610
average SCM starting salary
$20.32
average SCM internship wage
Iowa State University is the only university in Iowa with a nationally ranked supply chain management (SCM) program. Taught by our internationally known faculty, many of whom have industry experience, you’ll learn about the logistics and operations of an organization and the business processes that make them run most effectively. Our program covers every aspect of supply chain management, so you’ll be prepared no matter which field you enter after graduation.
In this exciting field, you will see the full picture because you will be working in the heart and soul of a company or organization.  Supply chains are embedded into everything we buy, use, consume, and engage in – including higher education and healthcare.
Supply chain management is an integrated program of study concerned with the efficient flow of materials, products, and information within and among organizations. It involves the integration of business processes across organizations, from material sources and suppliers through manufacturing, and processing to the final customer. The program provides you with the core knowledge related to a wide variety of supply chain activities, including demand planning, purchasing, transportation management, warehouse management, inventory control, material handling, product and service support, information technology, and strategic supply chain management
The study of supply chain management prepares you for professional careers with manufacturers, retail distributors, logistics services providers, consulting firms, and others.
Explore the Department of Supply Chain Management
The supply chain management program has provided me with opportunities to grow professionally and gain real-life experience. The connections I’ve built with students and faculty have been truly impactful.
Isabel Holzschuh, supply chain management and international business
Gain real-world experience
As a business student, you can participate in an internship as early as your first or second summer in college. Internships often provide an opportunity to confirm that your major is perfect for you. You will gain real-world experience where you can apply your classroom learning and skills in the workplace. After an internship, you’ll be better prepared for the global world of business. You will make connections with employers, network, and build relationships that may lead to full-time employment after graduation. Ivy students report high average salaries from their internships.
Regan Saxton (center), an Ivy supply chain management student spent her summer internship with Casey’s General Stores, Inc. in Ankeny, Iowa.
Read more
.
Learn more about internships at Ivy
Supply chain management at Ivy
What sets us apart
At Ivy, you’ll be part of the only supply chain management program in Iowa that is nationally ranked, so you are learning from the best faculty.
Our department consistently ranks among the top 10 in the world for publishing in leading supply chain management journals. Equally important, our internationally known faculty members have extensive industry experience in various areas of supply chain management.
You will also benefit from our department’s strong engagement with different industries. The Ivy
Supply Chain Forum
member companies generously sponsor about 20 supply chain management scholarships each year. Our industry partners are involved with the program development: curriculum development, class visits, student professional development, interview skill training, and recruitment events. There are abundant internship and job opportunities available for our students.
How we prepare you
Our faculty members don’t just teach textbook content. They help you develop a valuable skillset through practicing with industry supply chain applications, obtaining the Six Sigma Certificate, participating in case competitions, and studying our partnering companies’ global supply chains through international live case studies overseas.
You also have plenty of opportunities to get involved outside the classroom. Through the Supply Chain Management Club and WISE (Women Impacting Supply Chain Excellence) Iowa State Chapter, you will have the chance to learn from and network with leading professionals in the supply chain management field, make visits to top companies, and learn about supply chain operations in different industries.
We are dedicated to preparing you for an exciting supply chain management career in whichever industry you might be interested in.
How we support you
In the Ivy supply chain management program, you will:
Learn side-by-side with internationally known faculty who support you.
Meet and learn from leaders in the industry.
Work directly with career coordinators who support you in finding internships and full-time employment.
Have the opportunity to work with experts in the Ivy Writing and Speaking Center.
Have access to a devoted academic advisor who supports you.
Have access to scholarships — learn more about the
scholarships
we offer to our business students.
Requirements
Supply chain management major requirements and classes
(for students entering Iowa State fall 2026 through summer 2027)
Sample four-year plan
Prior catalog year requirements
(for current students)
Curriculum Guide 2026
General Education Requirements 2026
Supply chain management minor
Undergraduate Student Services
Customize your degree
Minors and certificates
Accelerated business degree program* (PDF)
*Nearly all of the Ivy bachelor degrees/majors can be completed on an accelerated schedule within three years. This pathway is an option for students who might wish to compress their studies, but other degree enhancements and options should be considered for the best overall route to degree completion, based on individual student’s goals and aspirations.
Academic Advising
Academic services
At the Ivy College of Business, we are here to support you from day one. We have academic advisors ready to help you select your classes and choose your major.
Connect with an Ivy expert
Professional career coaching
At Ivy, you can take advantage of professional career coaching. A career coordinator can assist you on how to approach the job market and to develop job-seeking strategies as well as networking opportunities. We are here to help you succeed!
Undergraduate Business Career Services
Take the next step
Supply chain management impacts all of us. It’s the behind-the-scenes network within every organization that coordinates the production and movement of all products from creation to customer.
Request information
Visit Ivy
Apply
Connect with us
Undergraduate Student Services
1200 Gerdin Business Building
2167 Union Drive
Ames, Iowa 50011
undergrad@iastate.edu
515-294-8300
Questions?
Send us an email:
undergrad@iastate.edu
.
Call at
515-294-8300
any time between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Monday-Friday.
Schedule a video chat with a member of our recruitment staff. We can do this on your favorite platform, just let us know which one you prefer: Google Hangouts, Zoom, Skype, FaceTime, or suggest another.
Email our recruitment staff:
choosebusiness@iastate.edu
.