URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/academics/undergraduate-programs/accounting
TITLE: Accounting - Ivy College of Business

Accounting
Make an impact
Our 2025 graduates
$65,716
average accounting starting salary
$23.66
average accounting internship wage
Do you see a story where others only see numbers?
Imagine yourself choosing from a variety of diverse career opportunities. That’s accounting. The Ivy program will prepare you to analyze, synthesize, and report data so you can pursue diverse careers in business. This could include auditing, consulting, public accounting, budgeting, forecasting, and more.
As an accountant, you will be solving real business problems. You can use your accounting education to provide accurate data for your company, data that will be used in daily decision-making. You can ensure the integrity of the financial data for your company and work in partnership with others in your company, using your accounting knowledge and skills to help drive your company’s success.
The field of accounting offers a range of interesting career choices.
You can serve as a tax advisor for companies or individuals, develop a financial strategy for a firm and turn their vision into a reality, or serve families in your community, guiding them through the tax system.
Certified public accountants, or CPAs, often operate their own businesses and provide financial and tax-related services to organizations and individual clients. Another branch of accounting, auditing, focuses on identifying errors and discrepancies in financial records that indicate mismanagement. These occupations play an important role in the country’s overall economic health. For this reason, experts predict strong demand for jobs in accounting in the years to come.
Explore the Department of Accounting
The Ivy College of Business really incentivized me to come to Iowa State as it provides a master of accounting (MACC) 4+1 program that allows students to get their bachelor’s degree in four years while earning a master’s degree with an additional year.
Marquis Wilson, accounting, Ivy College of Business
Gain real-world experience
When you choose accounting, you have the opportunity to volunteer (and earn credit!) by helping others prepare their taxes. Ivy students do this work each spring as part of the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) program.
When you participate, you help the community by providing a valuable service to those who need assistance in preparing their tax returns. Plus, you gain real-world experience, which is a valuable addition to your resume.
In this structured program, you become an IRS-certified volunteer and provide free basic income tax return preparation, including electronic filing. Before preparing tax returns, you will pass multiple exams developed by the IRS and log many hours of training. After passing the IRS exams, you are scheduled for approximately eight weeks of tax return preparation at two hours per week.
Learn more about the VITA program
Accounting at Ivy
What sets us apart
The Ivy accounting program is among the top 2 percent of business schools in the world to be accredited in both business and accounting by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB International), the leading accrediting body for business schools. This designation represents the highest standards of achievement and excellence, as well as a commitment to continuous improvement.
The Ivy College of Business is highly ranked among AACSB undergraduate accredited programs. See our
rankings
page for details.
You’ll learn from a faculty with a strong research reputation –
2023
BYU accounting research rankings
.
How we prepare you
Gain hands-on experience and become an IRS-certified volunteer through the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) program.  When you choose accounting, you have the opportunity to volunteer (and earn credit in ACCT 4870) by helping others prepare their taxes. All sessions are held at the Ivy College of Business in the Gerdin Business Building.
Beta Alpha Psi-Iota Beta chapter is a national honor society and scholastic/professional accounting fraternity. You’ll connect with faculty and professionals in the business community. Meet professionals from companies such as Deloitte, KPMG, John Deere, Ernst & Young, and Principal Financial Group through weekly meetings with firms, our annual Meet the Firm event, social and service opportunities, and many more exciting events.
How we support you
In the Ivy accounting program, you will:
Learn side-by-side with internationally known faculty who support you.
Meet and learn from leaders in the industry.
Work directly with career coordinators who support you in finding internships and full-time employment.
Have the opportunity to work with experts in the Ivy Writing and Speaking Center.
Have access to a devoted academic advisor who supports you.
Have access to scholarships — learn more about the
scholarships
we offer to our business students.
Requirements
Accounting major requirements and classes
(for students entering Iowa State fall 2026 through summer 2027)
Sample four-year plan
Prior catalog year requirements
(for current students)
Curriculum Guide 2026
General Education Requirements 2026
Accounting minor
Undergraduate Student Services
Customize your degree
Minors and certificates
Concurrent master of accounting
Accelerated business degree program* (PDF)
*Nearly all of the Ivy bachelor degrees/majors can be completed on an accelerated schedule within three years. This pathway is an option for students who might wish to compress their studies, but other degree enhancements and options should be considered for the best overall route to degree completion, based on individual student’s goals and aspirations.
Academic Advising
Academic services
At the Ivy College of Business, we are here to support you from day one. We have academic advisors ready to help you select your classes and choose your major.
Connect with an Ivy expert
Professional career coaching
At Ivy, you can take advantage of professional career coaching. A career coordinator can assist you on how to approach the job market and to develop job-seeking strategies as well as networking opportunities. We are here to help you succeed!
Undergraduate Business Career Services
An accountant in the making
Accounting is more than just numbers and math. The Ivy accounting program will prepare you for a career as an accountant, auditor, tax consultant, business development analyst, risk assurance associate or more.
Request information
Visit Ivy
Apply
Connect with us
Undergraduate Student Services
1200 Gerdin Business Building
2167 Union Drive
Ames, Iowa 50011
undergrad@iastate.edu
515-294-8300
Questions?
Send us an email:
undergrad@iastate.edu
.
Call at
515-294-8300
any time between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m., Monday-Friday.
Schedule a video chat with a member of our recruitment staff. We can do this on your favorite platform, just let us know which one you prefer: Google Hangouts, Zoom, Skype, FaceTime, or suggest another.
Email our recruitment staff:
choosebusiness@iastate.edu
.