URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/bergstrom-achievement-scholarships
TITLE: Bergstrom Achievement Scholarships - Ivy College of Business

All Articles
Bergstrom Achievement Scholarships
August 29, 2024
Share This Story
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Bergstrom Achievement Scholarship recipients Paul Vorasith and Jessica Baker stand outside the Kelley and Joan Bergstrom Commons in the Gerdin Business Building.
Helping business students graduate and reach their potential
As seen in the spring 2024
Ivy magazine
.
Before Jessica Baker could begin her first semester at Iowa State University, she was on her way to Kosovo for a peacekeeping mission with the Iowa Army National Guard.
“I went to my first drill, and they told me I was being deployed in September,” Baker said. “I’d already registered for classes and signed a lease for an apartment.”
Although training to become a combat medic specialist and working in an overseas clinic delayed her start at Iowa State, Baker is grateful for the global experience of serving on a NATO base in the Balkans.
“There were 13 countries represented, and we got to train with them, which was fun,” she said.
Now ranked as a sergeant, Baker expects to graduate at the same time she completes her term with the Guard. Arriving on campus later than her peers has helped her stay focused on her studies, and so has receiving one of the first Ivy College of Business
Bergstrom Achievement Scholarships
. That extra financial support means the
marketing
major from Storm Lake, Iowa, no longer needs another part-time job alongside her rigorous Guard duties.
Making college accessible
Established in 2021 by the Bergstrom Foundation, a nonprofit founded by alumnus Kelley Bergstrom (’65 industrial administration) and his wife, Joan, the scholarship makes pursuing a business degree accessible for recipients.
“It’s not just that we’ve reduced the cost of attendance for the student,” said
David Spalding
, Raisbeck Endowed Dean of the Ivy College of Business. “We’ve also opened up more opportunities for them to fully benefit from the college experience.”
Supporting future leaders is a goal of the scholarship program. Financial assistance gives students the time they need to be involved on campus. For example, Spalding explained that there are officer positions among the college’s 24 student organizations where undergraduates can gain valuable experience that supports them throughout their careers.
Support that inspires
Paul Vorasith
, among the first Bergstrom Achievement scholars to graduate this spring, said the support he received – both financial and advisory – was a welcome surprise. He comes from a family of mechanics and wasn’t initially considering college when he was a student at East High School in Des Moines, Iowa. See more on
LinkedIn
.
“Cars were my passion, but I took some automotive mechanic classes and realized it wasn’t what I wanted to do for a living,” Vorasith said.
Exploring career paths led Vorasith to apply to Iowa State, where classes like consumer behavior inspired him to pursue a marketing degree. He enjoys digging into analytics and the behind-the-scenes creative work of helping friends produce a military podcast.
As a first-generation college student, he often turned to
Brady Talley
, director of multicultural student success at Ivy, for guidance.
“When I started, I had a lot of anxiety, and I didn’t know what I wanted to do,” Vorasith said. “I’d stop by Brady’s office. He helped motivate me, mentioning how people on the scholarship selection committee must have seen something in me. It helped me keep going. Now, I’m more confident.”
“
Some students come to college simply to fulfill their graduation requirements – until suddenly a spark inspires and motivates them. I hope the Bergstrom Achievement Scholarships can be that spark that helps them succeed.
”
— Kelley Bergstrom (’65 industrial administration)
August 29, 2024
Categories
News
Tags
2024
Scholarships