URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/best-mba-in-des-moines-six-years-in-a-row
TITLE: Six years running! - Ivy College of Business

This is an archived story. The content, links and information may have changed since the publication date.
All Articles
Six years running!
September 22, 2023
| Updated:
May 3, 2024
Share This Story
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Ivy MBA is voted Best MBA Program in Des Moines — six years in a row!
The votes are in, and the Debbie and Jerry Ivy College of Business professional (part-time) MBA program is number one in Des Moines. Each year, the
Business Record
asks readers to select the “best of” in many categories, including CEO, MBA program, company to work for, and other categories.
The Ivy MBA has been voted the “Best MBA Program in Des Moines” every year since 2018.
“It’s gratifying to receive this vote of confidence for the sixth year in a row,” said
Raisbeck Endowed Dean David Spalding
. “This clearly shows how well our program is respected in Iowa. At the Ivy College of Business, we work tirelessly to provide excellence at every level. Much of that is accomplished by having internationally known faculty lead in the classrooms. We look forward to continuing to provide high-quality education for working professionals across Iowa and the Midwest.”
Now available 100 percent online or as a hybrid, the
professional MBA program
is designed for working professionals who want to take their careers to new heights. Through experiential and team-based learning opportunities, students gain real-world experience they can apply to their careers immediately. Students can specialize in multiple areas, including accounting, business analytics, finance, information systems, marketing, leadership, and supply chain management, to meet their needs and career goals.
“It’s gratifying to receive this vote of confidence for the sixth year in a row. This clearly shows how well our program is respected in Iowa. At the Ivy College of Business, we work tirelessly to provide excellence at every level.”
— David P. Spalding, Raisbeck Endowed Dean, Ivy College of Business
For Jamie McKinney (’23 MBA), the convenient downtown location at Capital Square and hybrid delivery was a major factor in her decision to choose the program. Students meet in person at Capital Square for core classes and can take in-person or online classes for their electives.
“The professional MBA program is a great fit for my current lifestyle,” McKinney said. “I enjoy the hybrid class structure and the opportunity to work with a team from various backgrounds. It has been an exciting challenge to explore different business topics and share experiences with my peers. As a new resident of Iowa, the program has allowed me to meet people and build my network both in and out of the classroom.”
The Ivy College of Business strives to deliver personalized service and education to students, which McKinney noticed. She worked with
Kimberly Putz
, assistant director of graduate recruitment, and found her to be helpful and encouraging throughout the application and admission process.
“The faculty have been professional, knowledgeable, and dedicated to our success while respecting our status as students and full-time employees.”
About the Ivy MBA in Des Moines:
Since 1999, the Ivy professional (part-time) MBA program has given Iowa’s best and brightest the tools they need to make their mark. The team-based program provides an opportunity to learn foundational business principles while building a network and learning from other students’ experiences. It is also available in both a hybrid and an online format to fit the needs of working professionals.
The professional MBA program consists of 10 core courses (30 credits) and four elective courses (12 credits). Students can begin the program in the spring, summer, or fall semesters. To learn more about the Ivy MBA, contact
busgrad@iastate.edu
.
September 22, 2023
Categories
News
Tags
2023
Ivy MBA
Online
PMBA