URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/ivy-college-of-business-announces-a-full-ride-mba-scholarship
TITLE: Ivy College of Business announces a full-ride MBA scholarship - Ivy College of Business

All Articles
Ivy College of Business announces a full-ride MBA scholarship
November 4, 2025
Share This Story
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Emerging Leader MBA Scholarship
For the first time in the college’s history, the Debbie and Jerry Ivy College of Business is providing one full-ride MBA scholarship.
The Emerging Leader MBA Scholarship is a selective, full-ride opportunity for one newly enrolled student who is ready to begin the online MBA program in fall 2026.
“Designed to recognize and support a rising professional, this scholarship is our way of reinvesting in Iowa’s business community by preparing the next generation of leaders to be the best in business,” said Raisbeck Endowed Dean
Raj Agnihotri
. “It’s a full ride to help someone reach their full potential.”
How it works
• Qualified candidates will complete the online MBA application process along with a 30-minute interview.
• Applications must be submitted by May 15, 2026.
• If selected, interviews will be conducted, and one student will be selected by June 30, 2026.
• The awardee must complete their degree within three years to have their tuition fully covered.
• The scholarship includes tuition and fees.
• To remain eligible for the scholarship, the selected student must maintain a 3.0 cumulative GPA during the program.
About the online MBA
It’s a flexible program designed for busy working professionals, taught by the same faculty who teach the #1 full-time MBA on the Iowa State University campus. The program offers specializations in accounting, business analytics, finance, information systems, marketing, leadership, supply chain management, real estate development, accounting analytics, entrepreneurship, and healthcare analytics and operations. Additional opportunities include networking, professional career coaching, and study abroad options.
It’s a full ride with full potential
Learn more about the Emerging Leader MBA Scholarship and application process.
Emerging Leader MBA Scholarship
November 4, 2025
Categories
News
Tags
2025
Graduate Funding Opportunities
Ivy MBA
Online MBA
Scholarships