URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/learn-by-doing/international-programs
TITLE: International Programs - Ivy College of Business

International Programs
Business is global
The Ivy College of Business International Programs Office is here to help you explore the world while taking courses that count toward the completion of your business degree.
Learn more
Picture yourself here
Our partner institutions around the world offer business classes taught in English that will transfer back to Iowa State University to keep you on track for graduation. You may also take an international study course during a semester break, traveling with and learning from an Ivy professor.
“My senior year began, and I had one more chance to go abroad. I had been waiting for this moment for so long that one or two weeks abroad would not be enough. With lots of help and support from my advisors, I found the perfect program in Rome. I was also ready to skip winter in Ames so an entire semester in Italy seemed like the best idea. Studying abroad is the experience of a lifetime! In what feels like the shortest semester ever, I have developed new skills and become comfortable with the unknown. In the classroom, I have learned as much as I do every day walking through the streets of Rome. I have grown so much, from moving to a new place and now calling it my ‘home away from home.’ The people, food, and amazing Italian views will forever live in my heart and be an exceptional part of my Cyclone adventure.”
—Barbara Salas (’22 finance, entrepreneurship, and international business)
Search for study abroad programs
Schedule your appointment
Taylor Shire or Jenny Macken, the international programs professionals for the Ivy College of Business, will help you choose a study abroad program that fits your schedule, budget, and sense of adventure.
To schedule your in-person or virtual appointment:
Select the button below and follow the prompts.
Ensure that you are using the Study Abroad and National Student Exchange Unit and that you are choosing the Ivy College of Business International Programs Office.
Schedule an appointment with Taylor
Schedule an appointment with Jenny
Looking for an international internship?
If you are interested in working while you explore a new country, an
international internship
is the way to go. Start by
making an appointment
with your career coordinator to talk about your options.
Career Services
Study abroad over break!
International study courses
allow y
ou to earn Iowa State credit while learning abroad with your classmates and an Ivy College of Business faculty member.
These courses have an on-campus component with travel over a semester break or are taught entirely abroad in a four to
six-week
summer session.
Learn more
Study abroad resources
Scholarships for study abroad
There are lots of ways to fund your international adventure! Ivy students in good standing who participate in an Ivy faculty-led program automatically receive a scholarship.
Your financial aid award stays with you while you study abroad, and additional study abroad scholarships are available, including the Ivy College of Business Study Abroad Scholarship. Start your search for scholarships using the resource links below and make an appointment with the Ivy College of Business
international programs coordinator
for more information.
Financial aid award
Ivy College of Business study abroad scholarships
Iowa State University study abroad scholarships
Additional resources
FAQs about study abroad
International business minor
Study Abroad Center
After you’ve picked your program, the Study Abroad Center at Iowa State University is ready to help you prepare for your adventure abroad. Learn about applying for your program, health and safety, visas, and so much more.
Explore more
Previous slide
Next slide
Connect with us
International Programs Office
2139 Gerdin Business Building
2167 Union Drive
Ames, Iowa 50011
Taylor Shire
International Programs coordinator
2139 Gerdin Business Building
ivyintl@iastate.edu
515-294-2652
Jenny Macken
Study Abroad advisor
2137 Gerdin Business Building
ivyintl@iastate.edu
515-294-3088