URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/life-at-ivy/academic-services/graduate-student-services/graduate-funding-opportunities/emerging-leader-mba-scholarship
TITLE: Emerging Leader MBA Scholarship - Ivy College of Business

Emerging Leader MBA Scholarship
It’s a full ride with full potential
Online MBA
Taught by the same faculty who teach the #1 full-time MBA in Iowa
—
2025
U.S. News & World Report
The Ivy College of Business is proud to announce the Emerging Leader MBA Scholarship, a competitive full-ride opportunity.
This new scholarship will be awarded to one newly enrolled student in the Ivy
online MBA
program who will be ready to start in fall 2026.
Designed to recognize and support a rising professional, this scholarship is an opportunity to reinvest in Iowa’s business community by preparing the next generation of leaders. This scholarship recognizes an emerging leader who demonstrates leadership, innovation, and a commitment to making an impact within their organization and community.
Qualified candidates will complete the online MBA application process along with a 30-minute interview. Applications must be submitted by May 15, 2026, with the interview process concluding by June 30, 2026. The awardee must complete their degree within three years to have their tuition fully covered.
It’s a full ride with full potential. The Ivy online MBA.
Important details
Only for the online MBA.
Apply by May 15, 2026.
If selected, interviews will be scheduled throughout May and June 2026.
The scholarship recipient will be notified by June 30, 2026.
Must be an Iowa resident.
Students must complete an
application
for the online MBA and fill out the
Part B form
. The Part B form will ask what scholarship you’re interested in, please select the Emerging Leader MBA Scholarship and fill out all required questions.
To remain eligible for the scholarship, if selected, you must maintain a 3.0 cumulative GPA during your time in the program.
Reach new heights with Ivy
Ivy College of Business offers a variety of scholarships to support high-achieving candidates in our master’s programs. We’re committed to empowering the next generation of leaders and innovators.
Graduate funding opportunities
Connect with us
Graduate Student Services
1420 Gerdin Business Building
2167 Union Drive
Ames, Iowa 50011
busgrad@iastate.edu
515-294-8118
Questions?
Visit the
Graduate Student Services
web page.
Email:
busgrad@iastate.edu
Call:
515-294-8118
.
Apply online