URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/scholarships-make-a-difference
TITLE: Scholarships make a difference - Ivy College of Business

All Articles
Scholarships make a difference
January 7, 2025
Share This Story
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Paying it forward
As seen in the fall 2024
Ivy magazine
.
For Vy Huynh, “pay it forward” is not merely a saying. It has become one of the values by which she intends to live her life. And it’s because of the opportunities she had at Iowa State University, thanks to donor support.
Her journey began as it has for many students. “I was attracted to Iowa State first because my sister went here, and she loved it. Through her, I had the opportunity to visit many times, which helped me become familiar with and appreciate the campus,” Huynh said. She also wanted to stay in-state and be close to her family in Des Moines, Iowa.
Yet, it was Iowa State’s campus and the friends she’s made here that made her feel at home. That, and “Iowa State provided me with an endless number of resources for anything I could need help with as a first-generation student,” she said.
Vy Huynh (center) with other members of Pay It Forward during the service organization’s spring 2023 trip to New Orleans, Louisiana.
A senior in
management information systems
, Huynh is a member of the Information Systems and Business Analytics Club and the Multicultural Business Network. There, she networks with others and learns about different career opportunities. She has worked at two internships: as a data analytics intern at Collins Aerospace, and previously as a supply chain IT intern with Land O’Lakes, Inc.
“Iowa State provided me with an endless number of resources for anything I could need help with as a first-generation student.”
— Vy Huynh
She participates in
Pay It Forward
, a student service organization on campus established to build leadership skills through service, relationships, and action.
“Thanks to Pay It Forward, I get to travel, meet new friends, and help out my community,” she said.
These activities are possible thanks to the
Wahrer-Gifford Scholarship
she received. The scholarship is named for the families of Ivy College of Business alumna Elaine Gifford (’85 accounting) and her husband, Brian Gifford. Elaine and Brian believe that education is transformational in one’s life trajectory. They established two scholarship funds at Iowa State to support students as they pursue their education and career goals.
“The Wahrer-Gifford Scholarship allowed me to invest more time in my studies, find internships, and make fun memories with friends. These opportunities have greatly enriched my college experience, and I am incredibly grateful for the donors’ generosity, as it has been crucial in making my time at Iowa State both productive and fun,” Huynh said.
Interested in supporting future Cyclones?
Call
515-294-4721
to learn how your gift will help shape the Ivy College of Business for generations to come.
Give to Ivy
January 7, 2025
Categories
News
Tags
2024
Management Information Systems
Scholarships
Student Resources