URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/scholarships-make-a-difference-to-ally-torkelson
TITLE: Scholarships make a difference - Ivy College of Business

All Articles
Scholarships make a difference
January 27, 2026
Share This Story
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
As seen in the fall 2025
Ivy magazine
.
In just one year at Iowa State University, Ally Torkelson found a new home, lifelong friends, and has taken the first steps toward her future career. A first-year student and
healthcare management
major during the 2024–2025 academic year, Torkelson was the recipient of the
Christi Shaw Family Scholarship
.
“What attracted me to Iowa State was the beautiful campus and the at-home feel,” Torkelson said. “My favorite thing about Iowa State has been the amazing people I have met. I have made so many good friends and met people who I believe to be my lifelong best friends. ”
Part of finding her home at Iowa State included joining Delta Delta Delta sorority, and ways to give back, both on campus and in the Ames community.
“I am an AAU (Amateur Athletic Union) club volleyball coach for a middle school near Iowa State’s campus. I also work through a work-study at Iowa State, tutoring students at Ogden Middle School,” she said.
Torkelson is also a member of Iowa State’s
Letters of Love
club, which helps provide support to children in local hospitals through cards with handwritten messages of kindness from students. As a sophomore, she plans to apply for a position on the club’s leadership team.
“With this scholarship, I was able to have time to focus on my studies and only work a few days a week. I was less worried about my finances, and focused on my amazing time at Iowa State. Being debt-free has been a huge relief, and I honestly think it has made such a positive impact on my studies.”
— Ally Torkelson
Part of Torkelson’s success at Iowa State comes from the support she’s received. As the 2024-2025 recipient of the Christi Shaw Family Scholarship, some of her financial burden was lifted, allowing Torkelson to focus on school.
“With this scholarship, I was able to have time to focus on my studies and only work a few days a week. I was less worried about my finances, and focused on my amazing time at Iowa State. Being debt-free has been a huge relief, and I honestly think it has made such a positive impact on my studies,” she said.
Christi Shaw (’88 marketing) established the scholarship to help students like Torkelson. Shaw’s
successful career
in the pharmaceutical industry inspired her to help students in the Debbie and Jerry Ivy College of Business studying healthcare management, a major she would’ve chosen if it had been available when she attended Iowa State. After awarding the scholarship to Torkelson, the pair discovered a personal connection — both grew up in the same part of rural Iowa. As it turned out, Torkelson’s grandfather knew Shaw’s father, and Torkelson’s mother was friends with Shaw’s late sister.
“I would like to thank Christi Shaw for her generous scholarship,” Torkelson said. “Attending Iowa State has always been such a dream of mine, and with this scholarship I was able to achieve that goal. This scholarship has helped to make my time here at Iowa State so amazing. I would like to thank Christi for how truly generous and selfless she is as a person. She has worked so hard in her life, and I admire her. I truly hope I have made her proud with my time as a first-year student at Iowa State.
Support future Cyclones
Call the Iowa State University Foundation to learn how your gift will help shape the Ivy College of Business for generations to come.
Call 515-294-4721
January 27, 2026
Categories
News
Tags
2025
2026
Fall 2025 Edition
Ivy Magazine
Scholarships