URL: https://www.ivybusiness.iastate.edu/the-ivy-online-mba-ranks-among-the-top-50
TITLE: The Ivy Online MBA ranks among the top 50 - Ivy College of Business

This is an archived story. The content, links and information may have changed since the publication date.
All Articles
The Ivy Online MBA ranks among the top 50
February 26, 2024
| Updated:
May 1, 2024
Share This Story
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
The Ivy College of Business MBA has been named one of the “50 Best No-GMAT Online MBA Programs for 2024,” ranking 48. This comes from
College Consensus
, which has been an online resource since 2015, growing to nearly four million visitors in 2023, and featured in
Business Insider, Time, PC Mag
, and
Entrepreneur
.
“It’s exciting to see our professional MBA program receiving the national recognition it deserves,” said Ivy College of Business Raisbeck Endowed Dean
David Spalding
. “This program is taught by the same internationally-known faculty who teach our full-time program on campus.”
Whether students are looking to get ahead or want to make a change in their career, the Ivy MBA will get them there. At Ivy, students gain an advanced tool kit and an expansive alumni network to help them take their careers to the next level.
The professional MBA program helps students hone real-world business skills like strategic thinking and problem-solving. This part-time program gives students the full Ivy experience.
There are two pathways available for completing this degree:
Online program:
Designed for working professionals who prefer to take courses online. This program will give you the skills to advance your career and the flexibility to take courses from anywhere.
In Des Moines:
This hybrid option is designed for working professionals who prefer in-person collaboration with faculty and classmates once a week at our Capital Square location in Des Moines, Iowa.
The professional MBA has been voted Best MBA Program in Des Moines by the
Des Moines Business Record
readers for the past six years running.
Learn more about the
Ivy MBA
.
February 26, 2024
Categories
News
Tags
2024
Ivy MBA
Rankings