URL: https://www.isenberg.umass.edu/programs/undergraduate/on-campus/student-experience/fellows-rap
TITLE: Isenberg Fellows RAP : Isenberg School of Management : UMass Amherst

The Isenberg Fellows RAP is a freshman residential academic program at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. Students in the Fellows RAP will explore self and group leadership topics with a small g
The Isenberg Fellows RAP is a freshman residential academic program at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. Students in the Fellows RAP will explore self and group leadership topics with a small group of their peers who live in the same residence hall while connecting with faculty and staff at the Isenberg School of Management. The Fellows RAP consists of 60 students who live together in one of two residence halls on campus.
All Isenberg Fellows will receive the following benefits:
Faculty/Instructor Contact
As an Isenberg Fellow you will have the opportunity to develop a close relationship with an Isenberg professor/instructor. You will participate in two (1) credit seminars (fall & spring semesters) taught by an Isenberg faculty or instructor, and have the opportunity to connect with the Isenberg Undergraduate Advising Office.
Focused Activities
In addition to teaching a seminar, each Faculty Mentor will facilitate activities that give you a chance to take your learning outside the classroom and apply it to opportunities in your field. These activities will connect you with Isenberg, UMass Amherst, and the surrounding area.
Student Mentors
Through the Isenberg Fellows RAP, you will work closely with several Undergraduate students who were in the program during their freshman year. These Undergraduate Mentors will be working closely with the Isenberg Faculty and with the Fellows RAP students throughout the academic year.
Shared Courses
Through the program, you will take several courses with other Isenberg Fellows RAP students. Some of these courses will be held in your residential area. These shared courses create the environment and support of a small school while you continue to benefit from the range of resources and options that only a large university can offer.
Immediate Connection to the Isenberg School of Management
As a member of this close-knit group of students, you will receive personalized and dedicated attention.
Contact the Undergraduate Programs Office
Here
.