URL: https://www.isenberg.umass.edu/programs/undergraduate/on-campus/student-success
TITLE: Student Success : Isenberg School of Management : UMass Amherst

/programs/undergraduate/on-campus/admissions/admitted-students
Admitted Student Resources
/visit-us
Visit Us
https://www.isenberg.umass.edu/admissions
Apply Now
/programs/undergraduate/on-campus/contact-us
Contact Us
The Path to Success
The Path to Success
Academic Advisors
Isenberg Academic Advisors are a team of professional staff who support our on campus undergraduate students through academic planning, registration, major declaration and more that help chart the pathway to graduation. Our advising team is working on-campus and virtually to meet the needs of all our undergraduate students.
Advising
Learn more
Career Services
Isenberg students get lots of support in discovering and building well-thought-out career plans that allow them to develop the essential skills and insights they’ll need for their optimal career paths. The Office of Career Success is dedicated to providing students the career and professional development skills that are essential to their future.
Office of Career Success
Learn more
Business Communication
In our increasingly complex and diverse economies, effective communication skills are more important than ever before. Our mission is to help students develop the writing, speaking, and professionalism skills they'll need to succeed in today's dynamic, team-based business environments.
Business Communication Program
Learn more
Previous Slide
Next Slide
20
Full-time Student Support Staff Members
Mentors
Faculty serve as valuable mentors (sometimes life-long mentors) to our undergraduate students.
50+
Teaching Assistants and Student Peer Tutors
Previous Slide
Next Slide
3
Isenberg Scholarships
Recently, more than
$850,000 in scholarship aid
was awarded to Isenberg students through the Isenberg Scholarship Program. The majority of these scholarships are generously funded by alumni, members of the Isenberg School community, and business friends. These scholarships are intended to recognize the hard work and academic success of our students, as well as assist them with the expense of their education.
We encourage all current/matriculated Isenberg students who intend to return to UMass Amherst for the following academic year to apply to the Scholarship Program.
Scholarship guide for undergrads.
Current Student Resources
Current Undergraduate Students