URL: https://www.isenberg.umass.edu/programs/undergraduate/on-campus/admissions/current-umass-students/htm
TITLE: HTM Application for Current UMass Students : Isenberg School of Management : UMass Amherst

Hospitality and Tourism is the world’s largest industry, and the goods and services we provide are in high demand by consumers. This demand has created a period of tremendous growth in the industry, w
Hospitality and Tourism is the world’s largest industry, and the goods and services we provide are in high demand by consumers. This demand has created a period of tremendous growth in the industry, which is exciting, for both the consumer and the industry alike. With all this growth, we are seeing incredible opportunities for the next generation of managers and leaders. The future is bright for the industry and those working in it. Our HTM students and alumni will be ready to take that lead; we encourage you to apply and be a part of this expanding industry!
First-year students may apply during their first semester if they have completed the three predictor courses before enrollment or during their first semester. These courses may be satisfied through AP credits, college credits earned prior to enrollment, and coursework taken in the first semester at UMass Amherst. Students who have not met these requirements may apply in their second semester or once the courses are completed or in-progress. Students transferring to UMass Amherst, should plan to have completed, or be in the process of completing, one semester at UMass Amherst before applying.
Applicants are individually evaluated on a number of criteria, including academic performance in the predictor courses, overall academic performance, personal and professional activities, and other involvement and/or leadership experiences students have gained. The online application will be available in November, April, and July.
To learn more about the application,
please view our narrated presentation here.
Complete
three
predictor courses from the list below; one must be
HT-MGT 100 or HT-MGT 386.
One of the following (required to apply):
HT-MGT 100 Introduction to Hospitality and Tourism Management (section for non-majors)
HT-MGT 386 Customer Experience Management
One of the following:
ECON 103 Introduction to Microeconomics (SB)
RES-ECON 102 Introduction to Resource Economics (SB)
ECON 104 Introduction to Macroeconomics (SB)
One of the following:
MATH 121 Linear Methods & Probability for Business (R2) or higher level math
CE-ENGIN 260: Probability & Statistics in Civil Engineering
COMPSCI 240: Reasoning Under Uncertainty
EC-ENG 214 Probability and Statistics
EDUC 240: Introduction to Educational Statistics
M&I-ENG 273: Probability and Statistic
PUBHLTH 223: Introduction to Biostatistics for Public Health
PUBHLTH 490R: Introduction to Statistical Computing
PSYCH 240: Statistics in Psychology
RES-ECON 212: Intro Stats/Soc Sci
RES-ECON 213: Intermediate Statistics for Business and Economics
SOCIOL 212: Elementary Statistics
SPP 204: Statistical Models for Public Policy
STATISTC 240: Intro to Statistics
STATISTC 297F: Special Topics-Fundamental Concepts of Statistics
STATISTC 515: Statistics
STATISTC 516: Statistics
STATISTC 525: Regression & Analysis of Variance
STATISTC 111 Elementary Statistics
STATISTC 240 Introduction to Statistics (R2)
RES-ECON 212 Introduction to Statistics for Social Sciences (R2)
OIM 240 Business Data Analysis (open to Isenberg BBA students only)
Apply Here!
https://umassamherst.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_0CKPjrbP1gyO84u
Deadlines to Apply
Deadlines to Apply
Spring Admission
Applications for Spring admission open on
Nov. 1st and are due by Dec. 1st at 5pm.
Admission decisions are communicated via UMA email by mid-Jan.
Fall Admission (Spring Deadline)
Applications for Fall admission during the Spring application period open on
Apr. 1st and are due by May 1st at 5pm.
Admission decisions are communicated via UMA email by mid-June.
Fall Admission (Summer Deadline)
Applications for Fall admission during the Summer application period open on
July 1st and are due by July 31st at 5pm.
Admission decisions are communicated via UMA email by mid-August.
Previous Slide
Next Slide
Have a quick question?
Have a quick question?
Expand Section
View FAQs
Will my AP exam credit count as a predictor course?
Yes. Predictor courses completed by AP exam credit will factor into your predictor course GPA as a letter grade of A.
&nbsp;
Will predictor cours
Will my AP exam credit count as a predictor course?
Yes. Predictor courses completed by AP exam credit will factor into your predictor course GPA as a letter grade of A.
Will predictor courses I’ve taken at another school be accepted for my application
Yes. Transfer courses are accepted and the grade earned will be factored into the predictor course GPA  with the grade earned.
May I apply as a first semester freshman if I will have the necessary predictor courses completed?
No.  Freshmen must be in their second academic semester at the time of their application.
When and how will I be notified about the status of my application?
Admissions decisions are made during the winter and summer sessions and you will  receive notification of the outcome via email.
How do I know which classes to enroll in if I don't know whether I will be admitted to Isenberg?
You should plan your subsequent semester based on your current (or secondary) major.
If I am accepted, how will I know which Isenberg classes to take in the following semester?
Upon acceptance, you may contact an academic advisor to help you with any necessary scheduling adjustments.
If I am not accepted, may I apply again?
Yes. You may reapply in the following semester as long as you have the correct number of predictor courses completed based on your class year.
Contact Us
Please contact Jennifer Towler in the Isenberg Undergraduate Programs Office with any questions.
Email:
jtowler@isenberg.umass.edu
Phone: 413-545-5610
Location: Isenberg Business Innovation Hub, N230