URL: https://www.isenberg.umass.edu/programs/undergraduate/online/admissions/military
TITLE: Military Benefits : Isenberg School of Management : UMass Amherst

Isenberg's programs are&nbsp;ideal for active duty military personnel, veterans, or those transitioning into civilian careers who seek to advance their business acumen.&nbsp;Our programs allow&nbsp;th
Isenberg's programs are ideal for active duty military personnel, veterans, or those transitioning into civilian careers who seek to advance their business acumen. Our programs allow the freedom to complete your degree on your own terms, in the learning environment that best suits your individual needs. Many programs can be completed 100% online with no residency requirements.
PROGRAMS AVAILABLE ONLINE:
Undergraduate Online Degree Completion
Master of Business Administration
Master of Science in Accounting
Master of Science in Business & Analytics
Undergraduate and Graduate Certificates
MILITARY BENEFITS FOR GRADUATE STUDENTS (U.S. ACTIVE MILITARY AND VETERANS)
10% discount on all Isenberg online programs. This discount cannot be combined with other discounts.
Application fee waiver (email
grad@isenberg.umass.edu
prior to applying indicating military status).
Matriculation fee waiver.
Program flexibility for military service commitments such as deferred admission.
Dedicated academic advisors serving military professionals.
Note: Military service counts as professional work experience for application requirements and for the purpose of the Online MBA GMAT/GRE waiver.
MILITARY BENEFITS FOR UNDERGRADUATE ONLINE STUDENTS (U.S. active military and veterans)
10% discount on all Isenberg Online BBA/BS courses. This discount cannot be combined with other discounts.
Waiver of the University $135 undergraduate entrance fee.
Waiver of the $75 admissions fee, please indicate on your application that you are a Military professional and that you would like your application fee waived.
Program flexibility for military service commitments, such as a penalty-free option to take time off from the program.​
Dedicated academic advisor for military students, trained to understand your particular needs throughout the application, enrollment and academic process.
ASSISTANCE & SERVICES
UMass Amherst Veteran Services
Office of the Bursar: Veteran Educational Benefits
Please note: The tuition reduction is effective for enrollment in future terms and will not be applied retroactively.