URL: https://www.isenberg.umass.edu/programs/undergraduate/on-campus
TITLE: Undergraduate Program : Isenberg School of Management : UMass Amherst

/programs/undergraduate/on-campus/admissions/admitted-students
Admitted Student Resources
/visit-us
Visit Us
https://www.isenberg.umass.edu/admissions
Apply Now
/programs/undergraduate/on-campus/contact-us
Contact Us
Watch Video in modal: Spirit of Isenberg
Spirit of Isenberg
Our students are collaborative, hard-working, and driven, and we are here to help them succeed during their time at UMass Amherst and beyond. Watch the Spirit of Isenberg to see what being a part of the Isenberg community is all about.
Majors
Majors
Isenberg's academic approach blends innovative coursework with real-world experience, giving students competitive business skills along with essential knowledge. The school offers seven majors and students have the option to combine a business degree with another major at UMass Amherst. Accounting and Political Science? Yes. Marketing and Computer Science? Absolutely.
Major: Accounting
Accounting
Major: Finance
Finance
Major: Hospitality & Tourism Management
Hospitality & Tourism Management
Major: Management
Management
Major: Marketing
Marketing
Major: Operations & Information Management
Operations & Information Management
Major: Sport Management
Sport Management
7
Student Success
Student Success
At Isenberg, our students are driven to succeed and we have the staff, tools, and resources available to prepare them for the business world after graduation. Isenberg students get lots of support in discovering and building well-thought-out academic and career plans that allow them to develop the essential skills and insights they’ll need for a fulfilling future after college.
Student Success
Learn more
#29
Best Undergraduate Public Business School, U.S. News and World Report, 2024
93%
Job acceptance rate for the Class of 2023
$70,934
Average starting salary for the Class of 2023
Previous Slide
Next Slide
3
Business Innovation Hub
Business Innovation Hub
This addition has more than 70,000 square feet of study, learning, and administrative space. Students can meet or study in sunny breakout rooms and comfortable nooks, and they can grab a snack at the Carney Cafe. Computer labs and classrooms have the latest technology, and faculty and advisor offices are nearby for curriculum and career support.
Anchor Tag
Connect with us.
RFI Organic: UGOC
Contact Information
Learn More
Connect with us.