URL: https://www.isenberg.umass.edu/programs/undergraduate/on-campus/tuition-and-aid/scholarships
TITLE: Undergraduate Scholarship Program : Isenberg School of Management : UMass Amherst

All your scholarships.  All in one place.
Recently, more than $1M in scholarship aid was awarded to Isenberg students. The majority of these scholarships are generously funded by alumni, members of the Isenberg School community, and business friends.
The University has implemented an exciting and convenient new system, Academic Works, which automatically matches you with the scholarships and financial awards you’re eligible for. These include scholarships and financial awards offered through Isenberg, Commonwealth Honors College, the Alumni Association, financial aid, and your major department.
How to enroll and apply
Go to the
Academic Works webpage
and sign in with your UMass Net ID and password.
Complete both the General and Isenberg Applications. Once you do this, you’ll see all the scholarships you qualify for.
Click on a scholarship link and upload supplementary documents (resumes, letters from faculty, etc., depending on the award).
Submit your application and see your dashboard, which shows you the status of any pending and submitted applications.
If you have questions related to the Isenberg Undergraduate Scholarship Program, please email Joy Jennings, Associate Director of Engagement & Annual Giving, at
jjennings@uma-foundation.org
.
If you have questions related to the use of Academic Works, please send an email to
acadworks@umass.edu
.
The scholarship application is generally open in early August and closes in mid-September.
Award notifications will be sent to students in November and disbursements will be applied to students’ spring University bills. Use the button below to apply.
Frequently asked questions about scholarships
Expand Section
Am I applying to a specific scholarship?
Students apply to the Isenberg Scholarship Program, not to individual scholarships.  The scholarship committee will review each applicant and determine which student best meets the criteria for each scholarship.
Expand Section
Are thank you notes required?
Yes, a thank you note will be required by each scholarship recipient.  Scholarship disbursements will not be processed until the Isenberg Development Office receives a thank you note from the scholarship recipient.
Expand Section
How do I know if I am eligible to apply for an Isenberg Scholarship?
All active undergraduate Isenberg School students are eligible to apply for an Isenberg scholarship. Scholarships are primarily awarded to sophomore and junior students.
Expand Section
If I am chosen as a recipient, when will I receive the scholarship?
Award notifications will be sent to students in November and disbursements will be applied to the students’ spring University bill.
If a student would like their scholarship applied to a different semester, they can contact Joy Jennings at jjennings@uma-foundation.org.
Expand Section
If I am chosen to receive a scholarship, how can I thank the donor?
Instructions will be provided to each scholarship recipient to ensure the donor is thanked.
Expand Section
In addition to the Isenberg Undergraduate Scholarship Program, are there additional scholarship opportunities at the University?
https://www.umass.edu/honors/