URL: https://www.isenberg.umass.edu/programs/undergraduate/online/admissions/readmits
TITLE: Undergraduate Online Program: On-Campus University Students : Isenberg School of Management : UMass Amherst

Is this Program Right for Me?
Is this Program Right for Me?
The Undergraduate Online Degree Completion Program allows access to our top-ranked and fully accredited curriculum without visiting campus. This option is ideal for those who need the flexibility to complete their degree, advance their profession or make a career change. We offer Bachelor of Business Administration degrees in accounting, finance, marketing, management, or operations and information management.
Our online completion program is designed for individuals that work and have family or other commitments that make it difficult to attend classes full-time on the Amherst campus. This is not an accelerated program; some majors require summer courses, and a full-time schedule is not guaranteed.
Not all majors, concentrations, certificates, minors, or courses are offered online. Nor does Commonwealth honors have an online option.
Isenberg online students are not charged the campus activities fee and not eligible for some on-campus services. Among these services not included are athletic and fine arts events and the use of UMass recreational facilities
Same Degree as On-Campus
The actual degree earned is the same whether completed on-campus or online. Online degree completion students receive a University of Massachusetts Amherst Bachelor of Business Administration in “chosen major” degree. It is the same diploma received by any on-campus University student, and nowhere states “online”. Your “program” in SPIRE will be “UWW (CPE) - Ugrad Degrees+” instead of “Undergraduate (general)”. UWW used to be the name of online education but is transitioning to flexible education.
Expand Section
Former/Current Isenberg On-Campus University Students
Request a preliminary review to determine if you are eligible and to see if our degree completion program meets your needs.
&nbsp;
If you have or will have 87 or more completed credits for your on-c
Request a preliminary review
to determine if you are eligible and to see if our degree completion program meets your needs.
If you have or will have 87 or more completed credits for your on-campus degree, you are not eligible for the online degree completion program.
You are required to take at least 30 credits starting with your semester of acceptance into the online program. If you do not need at least 30 credits to complete your undergraduate requirements you should finish Senior Year in Absentia.
To finish your on-campus degree requirements via UMass Amherst Univ+/online courses and/or courses elsewhere, request SYIA/Senior Year in Absentia status from the registrar. E-mail the registrar
reggrad@registrar.umass.edu
with your full name, SPIRE ID or date of birth, intention to finish your on-campus degree SYIA/Senior Year in Absentia with online classes through UMass Amherst online education/Univ+, planned return/SYIA start semester, and planned final semester.
To register for online/U+ UMass Amherst courses, activate your self-enrollment appointment in winter or summer and use the enrollment request form U+ spring and fall spring and fall and indicate SYIA in the comments.
For courses taken outside of UMass Amherst the SYIA form also needs to be submitted. E-mail
reggrad@registrar.umass.edu
with questions.
Check with financial aid if applicable.
Contact an advisor
in the Isenberg Undergraduate Programs Office to solidify remaining requirements.
Expand Section
Former/Current Non-Isenberg On-Campus University Students
Isenberg is a closed major requiring pre-qualification. In general, a successful transfer to our online degree completion program will have left the University in good standing and completed at least
Isenberg is a closed major requiring pre-qualification. In general, a successful transfer to our online degree completion program will have left the University in good standing and completed at least 27 transferable undergraduate college-level, graded semester credits with a minimum overall 3.0 GPA.
Request a preliminary review
to determine if you are eligible and to see if our degree completion program meets your needs.
Strong candidates will have completed a C or higher in calculus and, B or higher in microeconomics, macroeconomics, financial accounting, and managerial accounting.
Expand Section
Need Help?
If you have questions about the application process or the Isenberg Degree Completion program, contact us: &nbsp;
(413) 577-2760 |&nbsp;ugradonline@isenberg.umass.edu&nbsp;
If you have questions ab
If you have questions about the application process or the Isenberg Degree Completion program,
contact us
:
(413) 577-2760 |
ugradonline@isenberg.umass.edu
If you have questions about the status of your application,
contact Admissions
:
(413) 545-3430 |
UMass University Plus Admissions
umadmissions@umass.edu