URL: https://www.isenberg.umass.edu/programs/undergraduate/on-campus/academics
TITLE: Academics : Isenberg School of Management : UMass Amherst

/programs/undergraduate/on-campus/admissions/admitted-students
Admitted Student Resources
/visit-us
Visit Us
https://www.isenberg.umass.edu/admissions
Apply Now
/programs/undergraduate/on-campus/contact-us
Contact Us
Degree, Major, and Minor Options
Degree, Major, and Minor Options
Bachelor of Business Administration
Our BBA program is AACSB-accredited and offers five majors:
Accounting
Finance
Management
Marketing
Operations & Information Management
Bachelor of Science
Bachelor of Science (BS) candidates begin their concentrated studies freshman year. Students can choose to double major with a BBA and BS degree. Major options include:
Hospitality & Tourism Management
Sport Management
Business Minor
Non-Isenberg students have the opportunity to obtain a business minor to support their academic and professional interests. This interdisciplinary minor will provide students with a foundation in the areas of accounting, finance, management, marketing, and operations & information management.
Business Minor
Learn more about the business minor.
Previous Slide
Next Slide
Business Communication Program
Business Communication Program
In our increasingly complex and diverse economies, effective communication skills are more important than ever before. Our mission is to help students develop the writing, speaking, and professionalism skills they'll need to succeed in today's dynamic, team-based business environments.
Business Communication Program
Learn More
Other Academic Highlights
INDEPENDENT STUDY
An independent study offers students a way to receive academic credit for completing an in-depth examination of a topic related to their course of study. To pursue an independent study, students need to arrange for faculty supervision and submit a proposal for approval that includes the scope of work to complete, the academic value of the project, and the method for performance evaluation.
STUDY ABROAD
The UMass Office of Global Affairs offers support for students who are interested in participating in an international study abroad program. Advisors work closely with each student to help them find the right program for their needs, and guide them through the application process and beyond.
DOMESTIC EXCHANGE
The National Student Exchange (NSE) Program at UMass Amherst helps students to add depth to their academic experience and course of study by exploring a different geographic and cultural environment. Students benefit from the partnership of more than 180 state universities and colleges across the U.S. by experiencing a variety of courses, completing unique internships, and exploring professional and career options.
BUSINESS RESEARCH GUIDE
The Business Research Guide lists the best UMass Amherst library resources for any line of business research. Most of the collection is available online. Guides and tutorials are available to help students develop effective research skills. For help, contact Alison Messier, Business & Entrepreneurship Librarian, at
amessier@umass.edu
. Many resources are available including:
Business Database Guide, Online Business Journals, Data and Statistics, Company Reports, Industry Reports, Market Reports, Country Reports, Reference Material, Theses and Dissertations, New Book Acquisitions, Business Database Tutorials.
Connect to the Business Research Guide