URL: https://www.isenberg.umass.edu/programs/undergraduate/on-campus/admissions/current-umass-students/bba
TITLE: BBA Application for Current UMass Students : Isenberg School of Management : UMass Amherst

Students beginning their academic career at UMass Amherst in Fall 2022 or later are not eligible to apply internally to the Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) degree program at the Isenberg Sch
Students beginning their academic career at UMass Amherst in Fall 2022 or later are not eligible to apply internally to the Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) degree program at the Isenberg School of Management unless they were initially accepted to Hospitality & Tourism Management or Sport Management upon their admission to the university.
First-year students may apply during their first semester if they have completed the three predictor courses (including Calculus) before enrollment or during their first semester. These courses may be satisfied through AP credits, college credits earned prior to enrollment, coursework taken in the first semester at UMass Amherst. Students who have not met these requirements may apply in their second semester once the courses are completed. Students transferring to UMass Amherst, should plan to have completed, or be in the process of completing, one semester at UMass Amherst before applying.
Admission to Isenberg is extremely competitive.
Acceptance varies depending on the demand, credentials of each applicant pool and capacity of each class year. Capacity is extremely limited. Applicants are evaluated on academic performance in the predictor courses, overall academic performance, personal and professional achievements, demonstrated leadership experience and engagement at the university and respective communities throughout their college career. The online application will be available in November and April.
View BBA Application Information Session Video
Applicants will need to have completed or have in progress the following number of predictor courses at the time of their application:
2
nd
semester freshman,
3 predictor courses (one
must
be calculus)
1
st
semester sophomore,
4 predictor courses (one
must
be calculus)
2
nd
semester sophomore,
5 predictor courses
(one
must
be calculus and one
must
be ACCOUNTG 221)
Junior* year,
6 predictor courses
(one
must
be calculus and one
must
be ACCOUNTG 221)
Predictor courses:
MATH 127 Calculus for the Life and Social Sciences (R2) or a higher level calculus (required to apply)
ECON 103 Introduction to Microeconomics (SB) or RES-ECON 102: Introduction to Resource Economics (SB)
ECON 104 Introduction to Macroeconomics (SB)
ACCOUNTG 221 Principles of Financial Accounting
RES-ECON 212 Introduction to Statistics/Social Sciences (R2) or STATISTC 240 Introduction to Statistics (R2)
*
One
of the following may be used for a 6
th
predictor course:
FINANCE 301 Corporate Finance
MANAGMNT 301 Principles of Management
MARKETNG 301 Fundamentals of Marketing
OIM 301 Introduction to Operations Management
Notes regarding double majors:
Upon admittance, the BBA major/program will become the primary major. BBA majors are not offered as a secondary major.
Course substitutions from a second major or other UMass Amherst department for any of the following college core requirements are not allowed:
SCH-MGMT 200, OIM 210, SCH-MGMT 260, MANAGMNT 301, MARKETNG 301, FINANCE 301, OIM 301, ACCOUNTG 221, ACCOUNTG 222, SCH-MGMT 310, and MANAGMNT 494BI
Apply Here!
https://umassamherst.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_0CKPjrbP1gyO84u
Deadlines to Apply
Deadlines to Apply
Spring Admission
Applications for Spring admission open on
Nov. 1st and due by Dec. 1st at 5pm.
Admission decisions are communicated via UMA email by mid-Jan.
Fall Admission
Applications for Fall admission open on
Apr. 1st and due by May 1st at 5pm.
Admission decisions are communicated via UMA email by mid-June.
Previous Slide
Next Slide
Have a quick question?
Have a quick question?
Expand Section
View FAQs
Will my AP exam credit count as a predictor course?
Yes. Predictor courses completed by AP exam credit will factor into your predictor course GPA as a letter grade of A.
&nbsp;
Will predictor cours
Will my AP exam credit count as a predictor course?
Yes. Predictor courses completed by AP exam credit will factor into your predictor course GPA as a letter grade of A.
Will predictor courses I’ve taken at another school be accepted for my application
Yes. Transfer courses are accepted and the grade earned will be factored into the predictor course GPA  with the grade earned.
May I apply as a first semester freshman if I will have the necessary predictor courses completed?
No.  Freshmen must be in their second academic semester at the time of their application.
When and how will I be notified about the status of my application?
Admissions decisions are made during the winter and summer sessions and you will  receive notification of the outcome via email.
How do I know which classes to enroll in if I don't know whether I will be admitted to Isenberg?
You should plan your subsequent semester based on your current (or secondary) major.
If I am accepted, how will I know which Isenberg classes to take in the following semester?
Upon acceptance, you may contact an academic advisor to help you with any necessary scheduling adjustments.
If I am not accepted, may I apply again?
Yes. You may reapply in the following semester as long as you have the correct number of predictor courses completed based on your class year.
Contact Us
Please contact Jennifer Towler in the Isenberg Undergraduate Programs Office with any questions.
Email:
jtowler@isenberg.umass.edu
Phone: 413-545-5610
Location: Isenberg Business Innovation Hub, N230