URL: https://www.isenberg.umass.edu/programs/undergraduate/on-campus/admissions/current-umass-students/sport-mgmt
TITLE: Sport Management Application for Current UMass Students : Isenberg School of Management : UMass Amherst

Admission to Isenberg's Sport Management major is competitive. Acceptance varies depending on the demand, credentials of each applicant pool and capacity of each class year. Capacity this year is extr
Admission to Isenberg's Sport Management major is competitive. Acceptance varies depending on the demand, credentials of each applicant pool and capacity of each class year. Capacity this year is extremely limited. Applicants are evaluated on academic performance in the predictor courses, overall academic performance, personal and professional achievements, demonstrated leadership experience and engagement at the university and respective communities throughout their college career. The online application will be available in November and April.
First-year students may apply during their first semester if they have completed the three predictor courses (including Calculus) before enrollment or during their first semester. These courses may be satisfied through AP credits, college credits earned prior to enrollment, coursework taken in the first semester at UMass Amherst. Students who have not met these requirements may apply in their second semester once the courses are completed. Students transferring to UMass Amherst, should plan to have completed, or be in the process of completing, one semester at UMass Amherst before applying.
View Sport Management Application Information Session Video
Complete
four
predictor courses from the list below; one must be
SPORTMGT 210
and one must be
MATH 121
or higher
. Applicants are evaluated on academic performance in the predictor courses, overall academic performance, personal and professional achievements, demonstrated leadership experience and engagement at the university and respective communities throughout their college career.
Predictor Courses:
SPORTMGT 210 Introduction to Sport Management (required to apply)
One
of the following:
SPORTMGT 200 Sociology of Sport & Physical Activity (SB, U) (fall only)
SPORTMGT 202 History of Sport & Physical Activity (HS) (spring only)
MATH 121 Linear Methods & Probability for Business (R2)
or
higher level math (required to apply)
One
of the following:
ECON 103 Introduction to Microeconomics (SB)
RES-ECON 102 Introduction to Resource Economics (SB)
ECON 104 Introduction to Macroeconomics (SB)
STATISTC 240 Introduction to Statistics (R2)
RES-ECON 212 Introduction to Statistics for the Life/Social Sciences (R2)
OIM 240 Business Data Analysis (open to Isenberg BBA students only)
Apply Here!
https://umassamherst.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_0CKPjrbP1gyO84u
Contact Us
Please contact Jennifer Towler in the Isenberg Undergraduate Programs Office with any questions.
Email:
jtowler@isenberg.umass.edu
Phone: 413-545-5610
Location: Isenberg Business Innovation Hub, N230
Have a quick question?
Have a quick question?
Expand Section
View FAQs
Will my AP exam credit count as a predictor course?
Yes. Predictor courses completed by AP exam credit will factor into your predictor course GPA as a letter grade of A.
&nbsp;
Will predictor cours
Will my AP exam credit count as a predictor course?
Yes. Predictor courses completed by AP exam credit will factor into your predictor course GPA as a letter grade of A.
Will predictor courses I’ve taken at another school be accepted for my application
Yes. Transfer courses are accepted and the grade earned will be factored into the predictor course GPA  with the grade earned.
May I apply as a first semester freshman if I will have the necessary predictor courses completed?
No.  Freshmen must be in their second academic semester at the time of their application.
When and how will I be notified about the status of my application?
Admissions decisions are made during the winter and summer sessions and you will  receive notification of the outcome via email.
How do I know which classes to enroll in if I don't know whether I will be admitted to Isenberg?
You should plan your subsequent semester based on your current (or secondary) major.
If I am accepted, how will I know which Isenberg classes to take in the following semester?
Upon acceptance, you may contact an academic advisor to help you with any necessary scheduling adjustments.
If I am not accepted, may I apply again?
Yes. You may reapply in the following semester as long as you have the correct number of predictor courses completed based on your class year.