URL: https://mendoza.nd.edu/undergraduate/community/equity-in-business-initiative
TITLE: Equity in Business Initiative - Notre Dame Business Mendoza College of Business

Equity in Business Initiative
Equity in Business Initiative
The Equity in Business Initiative (EBI) is an initiative deployed by the Mendoza College of Business that seeks to embrace undergraduate students from all academic disciplines and all backgrounds. The EBI has an unwavering commitment that lies in narrowing the access gap for students, equipping them with a deep understanding of business concepts, career-preparedness, technical skills, and avenues for active involvement on campus. Whether due to imposter phenomenon, unfamiliarity with business, or a lack of prior exposure to business concepts, the EBI aims to guide students step-by-step through the process of understanding the business world.
Irish in Business Scholars Program
One of the many forms of programming the EBI offers is the Irish in Business Scholars program. The program provides tailored support and training to a select cohort of first-year students and is designed for students from backgrounds that have faced challenges in entering business spaces or gaining exposure to the field.
“As a freshman pursuing a major outside of Mendoza, I joined the 2024 IIB cohort because I hoped to find a platform to become more immersed in ND finance and Mendoza’s affiliate clubs. The program is built on learning through hands-on experience, relationship-building with upperclassmen, and, most importantly, instilling confidence in first-year students that they can take on any opportunity that they set their minds to. I’m fortunate to have met both mentors and excellent friends throughout my time working with EBI, and I’m proud to continue to see the initiative grow. Go Irish!”
Jack Davis | Class of 2027
Program Highlights
Guided Financial Analysis Project
Scholar Community Development
An Inclusive Learning Environment
Founder's Mission Statement
Guided Financial Analysis Project
Step-by-step guidance in developing a financial analysis project, in collaboration with seniors involved in the Wall Street Club through the Mendoza College of Business
Weekly workshops (1-2 hours) for first-year students
Focus on navigating businesses, financial services, and crafting professional materials
Scholar Community Development
Engage with a community of like-minded peers
Learn about business and position oneself for early internship opportunities (specifically in investment banking, consulting, and/or investing)
An Inclusive Learning Environment
Embrace diverse backgrounds and perspectives
Encourage open engagement, curiosity, and questions for continuous learning
Develop regardless of prior business knowledge
Founder's Mission Statement
“When I started EBI and the Irish in Business program, I reflected on my own journey, on the resources I wish I had and the barriers I faced. For students battling imposter syndrome, coming from historically underrepresented backgrounds, or entering business and finance without prior exposure due to personal circumstances, the process of breaking in can feel overwhelming.
I created this program to close that access gap. Our mission is to equip students with the confidence, technical skills, and community they need to succeed, not just in their careers, but in seeing themselves as belonging in the spaces they aspire to lead.”
– Mark Metryoos.
The program offers students the chance to connect with like-minded peers and explore internship opportunities through dedicated networking events.
Participants spend a day at Deloitte, gaining insights into the business and financial services industries.
Irish in Business Scholars have the opportunity to complete treks to explore potential business school pathways and programs.
Students participate in weekly workshops focused on understanding the business and financial services industries while developing their professional materials.
Irish in Business Scholars participants attend exclusive dinners designed to foster connections with fellow students and industry professionals.
Second year cohort on their trek to Chicago.
Who Should Apply?
Aspiring Interns in Business
Campus Engagement Seekers
What Students Can Gain
Aspiring Interns in Business
Students keen on applying to early internship opportunities in business
Desire to expand knowledge in business and financial services
Students who are coachable and prepared to learn
Campus Engagement Seekers
Students showing interest in the field but facing challenges getting involved on campus and getting accepted in project-based applications
Time Commitment: Students with availability in the spring semester and willing to commit 4-6 hours weekly time for professional and skill development
What Students Can Gain
Hands on experience working with complex financial models
Business valuation basics
Exposure to the steps on how to prepare a stock a pitch
Additional Information:
This program prepares participants for on-campus opportunities and internships, where understanding financial analysis, stock pitches, and models is essential
Weekly commitment is mandatory for eligibility in incentives, treks, and additional offerings
Participants may experience treks, exclusive dinners, and internship opportunities upon program completion
Application completion is required for those interested
Contact Information:
President: Pablo Ramos,
pramos2@nd.edu
Advisors: Prof. Kristen Collett-Schmitt,
kcollett@nd.edu
and Prof. Andrew Wendelborn,
awendelb@nd.edu