URL: https://mendoza.nd.edu/undergraduate/careers
TITLE: Careers - Notre Dame Business Mendoza College of Business

Careers
Visit Notre Dame
Apply to Notre Dame
For more than 100 years, Mendoza has challenged its students to contribute to human flourishing through business.
Whether that means a career on Wall Street, in data analytics or even starting a new business, our students graduate with an inspired vision for having an impact on society for the better.
Our students are recruited by the top companies in the world with a placement rate of 99% for those seeking employment.
Undergraduate Career Services
Undergraduate Career Services is made up of two teams: the Engagement Team and the Exploration Team. The Engagement Team primarily works with first year students and sophomores who are reflecting on their values, interests, personality and skills. After a student identifies a particular industry to research, the Exploration Team provides career counseling support. All of our staff are located in the 504 south suite of Duncan Student Center.
Mendoza School of Business
Undergraduate Career Services
Mendoza School of Business
Business Career Pathways
2023 Destinations
Here are the first destinations of Mendoza College of Business graduating seniors for the class of 2023:
83%
Employment
13%
Higher Education
4%
Service, Military, or Other
Top Employers
Employment Industries
2023 Employment Salary Distribution
Top Employers
Employment Industries
Top Industries
Financial Services (44%)
Professional Services (35%)
Technology (4%)
Real Estate (3%)
Consumer Products (2%)
Insurance (2%)
Other Industries:
Manufacturing
Marketing Consulting
Advertising/ Public Relations
Healthcare
Media/ Entertainment
Retail/ Trade
Biotech/ MedTech
Government/ Public Administration
Social Services/ Nonprofit
Sports
Colleges/ Universities
Energy/ Utilities
Misc. Service Providers
National Security
Transportation/ Logistics
2023 Employment Salary Distribution
Median Salary:
$87,000
Reported Salaries:
375
Other Destinations
Higher Education
Service/Military/Other
Higher Education
Of Mendoza Students who chose to continue their education, graduates pursued these degrees…
Master’s Degree (76%)
Juris Doctor – Law (13%)
PhD or other Doctorate (4%)
Bachelor’s Degree (2%)
Certificate or License (2%)
Medical Doctorate – MD or DO (2%)
Other (2%)
Service/Military/Other
2023 Mendoza graduates engage with these organizations:
AmeriCorps
Fullbright Student Program
The U.S. Peace Corps
NASA Goddard Space Flight Center
Tennessee Titans
Alumni Spotlight: Mendoza Alums Launch #1 Catholic App
Alex Jones (ND ‘15) and classmates Alessandro DiSanto (BBA ’15) and Erich Kerekes (ND ’15) quit lucrative jobs to start Hallow, a prayer and meditation program that has quickly grown into the No. 1 Catholic app in the world.  “Every day, we’re just blown away by what God has been able to do through this thing,” Jones said. “It’s infinitely beyond our wildest expectations.”
Read the Full Story
Mendoza Alumni Impact
More Alumni Impact
Experiential Learning
New Executive in Residence program bridges classroom and boardroom
Undergrad
Longtime Mendoza advisor Gina Shropshire to retire after 27 years of service
Alumni Impact
A Notre Dame MBA helped Nicole Gardini launch investment banking career
Mendoza
After a stroke ended his career, Will Schweitzer changed Notre Dame Football anyway
More About Mendoza's Undergraduate Program
Explore the links below to learn more about the Undergraduate program at Notre Dame’s Mendoza College of Business. Ready to apply? Go to
admissions.nd.edu/apply
.
Mendoza School of Business
Community
Mendoza School of Business
Curriculum
Mendoza School of Business
Experiential Learning
Mendoza School of Business
Honors and Fellows
Mendoza School of Business
Majors and Minors