URL: https://mendoza.nd.edu/undergraduate/community
TITLE: Community - Notre Dame Business Mendoza College of Business

Community
Visit Notre Dame
Apply to Notre Dame
Nowhere but Notre Dame
College is not a four-year decision, it is a 40-year decision. The people you meet, the encounters with different ways of thinking, even the alumni community that you will join will shape your future as much as the degree you earn and the career path you choose. From your first step on the Notre Dame campus, you become part of a close-knit community committed to your success as a student and long after you graduate.
#4
Global Alumni Network (Financial Times 2024)
20+
Business Student Clubs & Organizations
103 years
Mendoza College of Business Legacy
Explore the Mendoza Community
Business Clubs and Organizations
Alumni Network
Student Life
Spiritual Identity
Diversity and Inclusion
Business Clubs and Organizations
Deepen your student experience by joining one or more of our 20+ business student clubs and organizations where you can pursue your special interests while getting to know others.
No matter your academic path or personal background, there is a student club to support your development. Below are examples of student organizations specifically oriented toward business, which are sure to match your interests, enhance your educational experience and plug you into student life at Notre Dame.
Asian Business Society
Association of Latino Professionals For America
Beta Alpha Psi Honor Society
Beta Gamma Honors Society
Black Business Association of Notre Dame (BBAND)
Corporate Finance Club
Equity in Business Initiative
Innovation for Impact
Irish Consulting Club
Marketing Club
MoneyThinkND
Notre Dame Accounting Association
Notre Dame Investment Club
Real Estate Club
Smart Woman Securities at Notre Dame
Sports Analytics Club
Sports Management Association
Student International Business Council
Students Consulting for Nonprofit Organizations (SCNO)
Undergraduate Business Analytics Club (UBAC)
Undergraduate Women in Business Association
Unleashed Social Ventures
Wall Street Club
Alumni Network
Engage with over
155,000 living alumni
across
266 global alumni clubs
, a Notre Dame community that provides lifelong, meaningful relationships and support.
Domestic Alumni Clubs
International Alumni Clubs
Student Life
At Notre Dame, you’ll have opportunities to join fellow students in cheering on the Irish’s legendary athletic teams, attend concerts, hear world-class speakers and live out the Notre Dame mission by participating in community service projects.
Student Life at Notre Dame
Spiritual Identity
Explore your faith through Masses and services that celebrate Catholic traditions.
Spiritual Identity at Notre Dame
Diversity and Inclusion
We are committed to building a welcoming culture where diverse voices are integral to a business education that develops the whole person.
Dean Martijn Cremers
Martin J. Gillen Dean and the Bernard J. Hank Professor of Finance
“At the Mendoza College of Business, diversity, equity and inclusion are essential to our imperative to Grow the Good in Business: to educate business leaders who focus on contributing to everyone in society, to cooperating in solidarity and to creating a culture where we succeed and grow together.”
Student Perspective: Billy Micard
BBA ‘24 | Frazier Thompson Award Recipient
“I was given a chance to be something in my life, but that wasn’t always the case so I want to be able to give that chance to others like myself.” Read
Billy’s reflection
about his internship in Brazil.
See the Mendoza Community in Action
Here’s to a bright and impactful 2025. Wishing y
"And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude
All is calm. All is bright. ✨ 🎄
We're wishi
We’ve been celebrating a very Merry Mendoza Chri
What’s your Game Day final score prediction? ☘
Last day of finals grind! Follow Isabell, an accou
Our MSBA in Sports Analytics students just dropped
Here Come the Irish! ☘️
Fun fact: Mendoza st
Follow on Instagram
More About Mendoza's Undergraduate Program
Explore the links below to learn more about the Undergraduate program at Notre Dame’s Mendoza College of Business. Ready to apply? Go to
admissions.nd.edu/apply
.
Mendoza School of Business
Careers
Mendoza School of Business
Curriculum
Mendoza School of Business
Experiential Learning
Mendoza School of Business
Honors and Fellows
Mendoza School of Business
Majors and Minors