URL: https://mendoza.nd.edu/undergraduate/experiential-learning
TITLE: Experiential Learning - Notre Dame Business Mendoza College of Business

Experiential Learning
Visit Notre Dame
Apply to Notre Dame
Get Involved!
Hands-on, collaborative and reflective learning experiences challenge students to think deeply about real-world problems in global settings.
Mendoza College of Business offers nearly 30 different courses plus additional experiential learning opportunities so you can apply what you learn in the classroom to real-life scenarios.
Here are just a few examples:
Accountancy
Finance
Information, Technology and Operations
Management and Organization
Marketing
Accountancy
Tax Assistance Program (TAP)
The TAP program gives students the opportunity to put their accounting knowledge to work and help low-income residents in the process. The Notre Dame and Saint Mary’s
Tax Assistance Program (TAP)
has been providing free basic income tax return preparation services to low income individuals and families in the South Bend community for more than 50 years. In addition to University course work, students must pass rigorous IRS exams to be certified as a Volunteer Income Tax Assistance participant.
Finance
Applied Investment Management (AIM)
A signature program of the Mendoza College of Business,
Applied Investment Management
is an application-based course that blends traditional investment theory with the practical experience of managing a live equity portfolio valued at over $30 million. You’ll also connect to a powerful global network consisting of nearly 1,400 Notre Dame alumni who started their investing careers with AIM.
B
usiness of Life
Offered by the
Notre Dame Institute for Global Investing
, Business of Life provides undergraduates with the chance to learn from a world-famous author of a book on investing, Peter Kaufman, chairman and CEO of Glenair, and author of Poor Charlie’s Almanack. The three-part series is designed to reinforce ND’s core values in the context of investing, business leadership and multidisciplinary thinking.
Information, Technology and Operations
Early Bridges to Data Science
A community-engaged capstone course for undergraduate Business Analytics students, Early Bridges provides an intensive, integrative experience for students as they work with non-profit organizations and governmental agencies on real-world problems that have broad societal benefit.
Management and Organization
Powerful Means Initiative (PMI)
This initiative is the umbrella for Mendoza’s immersive experiential learning opportunities consisting of the new
Impact Consulting Minor
, the Innovation for Impact Club and the emerging Impact Investment Fund and Incubator.
PMI
provides the central organizational unit for all of these efforts and more to deliver truly unique, hands-on experiential learning opportunities to undergraduate students that have a real impact in taking on some of the most pressing global issues.
Marketing
Applied Digital Marketing
The course blends the theory of digital marketing with the practical demands of managing highly targeted, data-driven digital marketing campaigns. Students spearhead the design, build and execution phases of a digital marketing campaign, and in the process, develop a deep understanding and application of the art and science of a digital-first demand management system.
Experiential Learning Stories
More Stories
Experiential Learning
New Executive in Residence program bridges classroom and boardroom
MBA Profiles
Siblings find community and path to global impact
Experiential Learning
Notre Dame MBA’s ‘Grow Irish’ Program Goes Irish
Experiential Learning
Notre Dame business students win stock pitch competition
More About Mendoza's Undergraduate Program
Explore the links below to learn more about the Undergraduate program at Notre Dame’s Mendoza College of Business. Ready to apply? Go to
admissions.nd.edu/apply
.
Mendoza School of Business
Careers
Mendoza School of Business
Community
Mendoza School of Business
Curriculum
Mendoza School of Business
Honors and Fellows
Mendoza School of Business
Majors and Minors