URL: https://mendoza.nd.edu/undergraduate/marketing-minor
TITLE: Marketing Minor - Notre Dame Business Mendoza College of Business

Marketing Minor
Discover Your Path in Marketing
Unlock your potential in the dynamic world of marketing. The 15-credit hour Marketing Minor at the Mendoza College of Business is designed to complement your primary major, blending creativity with analytical skills to equip you with the tools needed to drive impactful marketing strategies. Whether you’re passionate about consumer behavior, digital engagement, or data analytics, the Marketing Minor offers a tailored curriculum to prepare you for a successful career.
What You’ll Learn
Core Courses
All Marketing minors will complete the following required courses:
Foundations of Marketing
Foundations of Marketing (MARK 20100/MDMK 20100, 3 CH)
A study of markets, institutions, and the environment in which business firms operate with attention to the effect these facets, forces, and issues have on the firm’s overall marketing strategy.
Consumer Behavior AND/OR Marketing Research
Consumer Behavior (MDMK 30100, 3 CH)
An investigation of the decision-making process of consumer and organizational buyers. The course considers the social, cultural, psychological, and economic dimensions of behavior as they apply to the acquisition of goods and services.
Marketing Research (MDMK 30120, 3 CH)
A study of the application of scientific method to the definition and solution of marketing problems with attention to research design, sampling theory, methods of data collection and the use of statistical techniques in the data analysis.
Electives and Tracks
You will have the opportunity to round out what remains of the Marketing Minor’s 15 credit-hour requirement by choosing any combination of the elective courses listed below. There is no requirement to follow a specific track.
However, if you wish to specialize, you have the option to pursue a concentration in either Digital Marketing or Marketing Analytics. To earn this concentration, choose three courses from the respective track listed below. Upon completion, you can proudly list this concentration on your resume.
Digital Marketing Track
Marketing Analytics Track
Digital Marketing Track
Managing Digital Engagement (MDMK 30440, 3 CH)
The overarching principle of this course is to understand and examine the strategic components of a broader, multichannel (Omni-channel) customer engagement approach. Multichannel customer engagement has become an imperative to preserving existing relationships and growing customer value across a broad spectrum of industries. In this course, we will examine customer acquisition, customer retention and customer expansion strategies using online and mobile marketing methods and tools currently in vogue. Students will work on hands on projects to develop an integrated marketing presence for firms with targeted and dynamic content to maximize customer engagement
Social Media Strategy (MDMK 30460)
Rapid technological development and the increasing transparency of information have changed the way marketers interact with current and potential customers. The rise of the ‘Internet Generation’ and the increasing popularity of social platforms such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Google+, YouTube, Foursquare, and Twitter, as well as the proliferation of customer and company blogs have forced companies to develop fundamentally new strategies and tactics for monitoring and reaching customers. In this class, we will look at what companies around the world are doing to leverage social media as a critically important marketing tool. The course will focus on the seller side of social media and depend heavily on outside experts and case examples. We will examine the dynamic strategies and tactics that leading companies are using to supplement their traditional marketing with a wide variety of social media platforms, blogs, dashboards, and the like. We will see how companies enhance their marketing by using social media to more closely monitor customers and competitors, to improve lead generation, to build more credible reference stories and contacts, to conduct low cost and quick customer surveys, to clarify market mis-perceptions, to guide market solution development and refinement, and many other uses.
Digital Marketing (MDMK 30470)
Marketing’s timeless responsibilities are being augmented by new imperatives, as strong market forces and enhanced customer expectations are requiring firms and institutions to reimagine and transform their customer engagement strategies in entirely new ways. How each of us live, work, interact and buy continue to fundamentally change. Digital Marketing is an essential and powerful component of modern marketing, and a driving force for how firms establish and strengthen customer relationships. This course will introduce Digital Marketing frameworks that enable firms to deeply understand and engage with each of their customers and prospects across their buyer’s journey. In this class, we will review and apply digital marketing strategies to build social media eminence, effectively engage customers and prospects, and successfully promote brands, products and services with data driven tools and techniques. Frameworks that enable firms to deploy a digital-first integrated marketing strategy with a measurement system to sense and respond to in-market performance indicators will be examined.
Applied Digital Marketing (MDMK 40470)
Applied Digital Marketing will provide an experiential learning opportunity for students to elevate the brand equity and enrollment profile of the University of Notre Dame’s Mendoza College of Business by blending the theory of digital marketing with the practical demands of managing highly-targeted, data- driven digital marketing campaigns. Students will spearhead the design, build, and execution phases of a digital marketing campaign for COB (or appropriate client), focused on a particular channel (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.), program (Graduate Business, Executive Ed, Non-Profit Admin, etc.), or target audience. Course objectives include developing a deep understanding and application of the art and science of a digital-first demand management system.
Marketing Analytics Track
Note: In addition to the courses below, Marketing Research (MDMK 30120) counts towards the Marketing Analytics concentration.
Marketing Analytics (MDMK 30130, 3 CH)
Marketing is an increasingly analytical profession driven by the availability of data and analytical techniques to improve decision making. This undergraduate course will introduce decision models that rely on financial data, other marketing metrics including web based key performance indicators, as well as statistical analyses. This course seeks to integrate the various analytical techniques taught in the business school within a marketing context. This course is appropriate for individuals considering careers in brand management, product management, retail management, marketing research, or consulting.
Pricing Analytics (MDMK 40150, 3 CH)
This course will teach you how marketing managers make decisions about pricing and distribution, using data. We begin with understanding pricing and promoting to an individual customer, and use this foundation as we move to more aggregate decisions, such as setting regular and promoted prices at the product level and managing category pricing. A key part of the class is understanding the limitations of different types of data and how better planning can both simplify the analysis and increase your confidence in the findings. This class is designed to be very practical and hands-on. A working knowledge of statistics (e.g., t-test and regression analysis) is required and you will learn R for the analysis.
Customer Valuation Management (MDMK 40450, 3 CH)
The overarching principles of this course are: 1) estimating customer lifetime value (CLV) and managing customers based on their CLV, 2) deciding which customers to acquire and how to acquire them, 3) clarifying the importance of customer retention and developing ideas to increase retention, 4) expanding existing customer relationships and increasing share of wallet through cross-selling and up-selling, and 5) linking CLV to organizational-level concepts such as firm valuation. The course requirements and format include lectures, case analyses, simulations, student-led discussions, and short papers.
How to Apply
The application form for all minors offered by the Mendoza College of Business opens once in the fall semester and once in the spring semester. The application period has closed for Spring 2026; for Fall 2026:
Application Opens:
Monday, September 14, at 12:00 Noon
Application Closes:
Friday, October 16, at 5:00 PM
For questions about the Marketing minor contact Mitch Olsen, Assistant Chair of the Marketing Department, at
molsen2@nd.edu
.
Mendoza School of Business
Marketing Major
Mendoza School of Business
Marketing Department