URL: https://mendoza.nd.edu/undergraduate/foundations-of-business-minor
TITLE: Foundations of Business Minor - Notre Dame Business Mendoza College of Business

Foundations of Business Minor
What You’ll Learn
For students in the College of Arts & Letters, the College of Science, and the Keough School of Global Affairs looking to complement their Majors
The Minor in Foundations of Business complements non-business students’ primary fields of study by offering exposure to key foundational principles across all business disciplines. Courses available to enrolled students introduce them to the philosophy of business in a free market economy as a force for good in human flourishing, as well as the fundamentals of accounting, marketing, finance, strategy, leadership and ethical behavior in commerce.
Students from the College of Arts and Letters, the College of Science and the Keough School of Global Affairs may enroll in the Foundations of Business Minor. Completion of the minor requires 15 credits. All courses in the Foundations of Business minor are required; there are no electives.
Students enrolled in the minor
must
take
all
of the following 3-credit courses:
Why Business?
(3 credit hours)
Foundations of Accountancy
(3 credit hours)
Foundations of Marketing
(3 credit hours)
Foundations of Finance
(3 credit hours)
To complete the 15-credit-hour requirement, student
must
choose
two
of the following three 1.5 credit courses in Management:
Foundations of Ethical Behavior
(1.5 credit hours)
Foundations of Leadership
(1.5 credit hours)
Foundations of Strategy
(1.5 credit hours)
(Exceptions can be made for students in unique circumstances, such as those preparing to study abroad or who have other distinct curricular needs or limitations.)
Foundations of Business students enroll in the same courses as Mendoza majors, and the courses will therefore have the same title and course rubric. However, sections that have seats available for Foundations of Business students will have
three-digit,
rather than two-digit section numbers. (For example, both Mendoza and Foundations of Business students can enroll in Foundations of Accountancy — ACCT 20100 — but a Mendoza section would be ACCT 20100-
01
, while a Foundations of Business section would be ACCT 20100-
201
.)
How to Apply
The application form for all minors offered by the Mendoza College of Business opens once in the fall semester and once in the spring semester. The application period has closed for Spring 2026; for Fall 2026:
Application Opens:
Monday, September 14, at 12:00 Noon
Application Closes:
Friday, October 16, at 5:00 PM
Contact Professor
Laura Hollis
(lhollis@nd.edu) if you have questions related to the Foundations of Business Minor.