URL: https://mendoza.nd.edu/undergraduate/business-and-the-common-good-minor
TITLE: Business and the Common Good Minor - Notre Dame - Mendoza College of Business

Business and the Common Good Minor
How does a career in business both foster personal fulfillment and promote the common good? How do political, economic, and corporate structures shape the aims and methods of business to serve the common good?
The Minor in Business and the Common Good, a component of the
Business Ethics and Society Program (BESP)
, explores pivotal questions at the intersection of business, society, and spirituality.
Together with an interdisciplinary team of faculty, students explore business and professional life with an intellectual depth that extends beyond core requirements, integrating theological and philosophical perspectives.
Inspired by the principles of Catholic Social Thought, this Minor also aligns with Mendoza’s larger vision: to emphasize the essential role an outstanding business school plays within a Catholic university.
What You’ll Learn
Core Courses
The following 3-credit core courses are required to fulfill the BCG minor. These courses also fulfill University Core requirements:
Why Business?
BES 30792/BES 30795 Why Business? (meets WKCD)
What is the role of business in a just and humane society? Many of you are about to dedicate your lives to business, and the rest of you will work, in one way or another, with business. Yet many people believe that business is a morally suspicious activity, a suspicion evident in the common belief that business people need to “give back” to society. Is business an activity for which one must atone? Are people right to be suspicious of business? This course is designed to engage ideas from the Catholic tradition with perspectives drawn from moral philosophy, business, and economics. We will engage issues of faith and normativity both critically and constructively. Students will consider competing positions on faith and normative questions, will reflect on (or discover elements of) their own faith or non-faith, and will describe the extent to which they believe various claims are supported by faith or reason. This course responds to Pope John Paul II’s Centesimus Annus (1991) and Pope Francis’s Laudato Si (2015), which called on Catholic education to “safeguard the moral conditions for an authentic ‘human ecology'” (Centesimus Annus, 38).
God and Business
BES 20702 God and Business
This course is intended to be a second level theology course that introduces fundamental principles of Catholic moral theology and Catholic Social Teaching, as oriented specifically for those preparing to enter the business world. As such, students will be encouraged to think in theological categories about business and ethics, and to appreciate how these categories bring the light of faith, in unity with the insights of human reason, to bear on the purpose of business and the possibility of virtuous engagement in this profession within a just and humane society.
Business and the Common Good
BES 30310 Business and the Common Good (meets WRIT)
This gateway seminar for the Minor in Business and the Common Good will be limited to 24 Mendoza College students, with priority given to students intending to pursue the Minor. The seminar focuses on the place of wealth and commerce in a well-ordered life, both for the individual and the community. Among other topics, the course takes a special interest in the rich Catholic tradition of reflection on these topics, especially the Catholic social teaching relevant to business that has emerged in the last two centuries.
Additional Credit Requirements
BCG students are required to complete 6 additional credits from a curated list of courses aligned with the intellectual mission of the Minor. This may include a combination of 3-credit and 1.5-credit courses. The selection of approved courses will vary each semester to reflect the evolving focus of the program.
How to Apply
The application form for all minors offered by the Mendoza College of Business opens once in the fall semester and once in the spring semester. The application period has closed for Spring 2026; for Fall 2026:
Application Opens:
Monday, September 14, at 12:00 Noon
Application Closes:
Friday, October 16, at 5:00 PM
Send direct inquiries to the Faculty Advisor, Professor John Sikorski at
jsikors2@nd.edu
.
Mendoza School of Business
Business Ethics and Society Program
Mendoza School of Business
Business Ethics and Society Fellows