URL: https://mendoza.nd.edu/undergraduate/accountancy-undergraduate
TITLE: Accountancy Major - Notre Dame - Mendoza College of Business

Accountancy
What You’ll Learn
In Mendoza’s undergraduate accountancy program within the
Department of Accountancy
, at Notre Dame, you’ll acquire a skillset that’s consistently in high demand across the business world. Courses such as Strategic Cost Management, Ethics in Accounting, and Federal Taxation equip you with critical thinking and decision-making abilities that are highly sought after by employers. You’ll graduate prepared to make an immediate impact, especially with expertise in data analytics that sets you apart from peers at other institutions.
A key differentiator is Notre Dame’s Data Analytics in Accounting course, which enhances your ability to identify relevant information and develop optimal solutions in complex, uncertain environments. You’ll master tools like data mining, simulation modeling, and optimization, ensuring you’re ready for today’s data-driven business landscape.
Learn more here
Preparing for Your CPA: Your Pathway to Success
To obtain your CPA license, you typically need 150 college credit hours with a concentration in accounting.
As you navigate this path, it’s essential to be aware that specific state requirements for CPA licensure may vary. We encourage you to discuss your plans with
Professor Tim Morrison
, who can provide tailored guidance based on your individual goals and the regulations in your state.
Students in our
Master of Science in Accountancy
program, complete the required credit hours in our comprehensive yearlong curriculum, ensuring they meet the educational requirements for CPA certification and are well-prepared for their accounting careers.
Accelerated 3+1 Degree Option
As a 3+1 accountancy student, you can complete your undergraduate degree in just three years and earn your
Master of Science in Accountancy
( (MSA) during your fourth year. If you plan to finish your undergraduate degree in 3.5 years, you may apply to begin the MSA program in January of your fourth year. On-campus students can also request to finish the academic year in their current residence hall.
Application Process
Students are required to complete an expedited application during their final year of undergraduate studies, which includes an informational interview with an admissions director to gauge academic readiness. All accountancy undergraduate students are eligible to apply if they meet the following requirements:
Have a 3.0 or better cumulative GPA after three years.
Complete audit and tax as two of their ACCT electives.
Accountancy Minor
The Department of Accounting also offers a minor in Accountancy. It is only for students not currently enrolled in a major in the Mendoza College of Business.
To learn more about the minor, see the curriculum or apply, follow the link below.
Mendoza School of Business
LEARN MORE ABOUT UNDERGRADUATE ACCOUNTANCY COURSES
Mendoza School of Business
LEARN MORE ABOUT THE ACCOUNTANCY MINOR