URL: https://mendoza.nd.edu/undergraduate/curriculum
TITLE: Curriculum - Notre Dame Mendoza College of Business

Curriculum
Visit Notre Dame
Apply to Notre Dame
The Mendoza Integrated Vision for Business Education
The Mendoza Undergraduate Studies’ innovative curriculum is designed to be flexible and customizable to support your particular academic interests and career aspirations.
45%
of Mendoza's sophomores declare a
double major
46%
of Mendoza students have one or more
minors
50%
of Mendoza's coursework is in
non-business
classes
Business Disciplines
Our Undergraduate Core Curriculum is integrated across business disciplines so you gain a solid understanding of the business fundamentals. You will have opportunities to specialize in a secondary discipline, both within business and with other colleges and schools at Notre Dame, while maintaining the overall balance between liberal arts and business coursework.
Integrated Analytics
Analytics is woven throughout the undergraduate curriculum. Starting with the foundational Coding Fundamentals with Python course, all business majors gain essential coding skills by their sophomore year. Mendoza students have the opportunity to become well-versed in analytics theory and adept at applying these skills to real-life business issues.
Perspective of the Human Person
Our program is rooted in the respect for the human dignity of all individuals and the belief that spiritual and moral development is an essential part of a business education. Business can be a powerful force for good in society, contributing to a more just and human society through serving all stakeholders, including the most vulnerable.
Business Core
The heart of Mendoza’s undergraduate program is the Undergraduate Business Core, a revitalized curriculum that includes the business courses that all BBA degree students must take regardless of their major. The Business Core consists of:
Business Fundamentals
Broadening Electives
Non-business courses
Business Fundamentals
25.5 credit hours
of required courses in business fundamentals, designed to build a foundational understanding from essential business disciplines.
Principles of Microeconomics (3 credits)
Calculus (3 credits)
Foundations of Accountancy (3 credits)
Foundations of Finance (3 credits)
Foundations of Statistics (3 credits)
Foundations of Coding (3 credits)
Foundations of Marketing (3 credits)
Foundations of Leadership (1.5 credits)
Foundations of Strategy (1.5 credits)
Foundations of Ethical Behavior (1.5 credits)
Broadening Electives
9 credit hours
of business broadening electives, designed to expand your understanding with courses taken in at least two different departments outside of your major department. These courses allow you to build on your foundational understanding of business essentials while providing an opportunity to hone a personalized skillset.
Non-business courses
24 credit hours
of non-business courses taken outside the Mendoza College of Business. Students often fulfill requirements for a second major or minor in other non-business disciplines with these credits.
Majors and Minors
Personalize your business education with a robust suite of business majors and minors.
Majors and Minors
Experiential Learning
Experiential learning is a core experience of your Mendoza journey. Build sustainable solutions with corporate partners, engage in meaningful research, or join the 50% of students who embrace global perspectives through
study abroad
.
Experiential Learning at Mendoza
More About Mendoza's Undergraduate Program
Explore the links below to learn more about the Undergraduate program at Notre Dame’s Mendoza College of Business. Ready to apply? Go to
admissions.nd.edu/apply
.
Mendoza School of Business
Careers
Mendoza School of Business
Community
Mendoza School of Business
Honors & Fellows