URL: https://mendoza.nd.edu/undergraduate/impact-consulting-minor
TITLE: Impact Consulting Minor - Notre Dame - Mendoza College of Business

Impact Consulting Minor
See How Mendoza Students Are Joining the Fight to 'Grow the Good in Business' in Uganda
Meaningful Impact. Real-World Learning.
Apply your education towards creating lasting solutions for the world’s most pressing challenges. Open to all undergraduate students, the Impact Consulting Minor spans multiple semesters, offering a blend of traditional learning and hands-on consulting experiences.
Tackle Wicked Problems
Consult with partners to have a measurable Impact on the world’s most pressing problems – gender equity, access to education, poverty, climate change, energy and more.
Relentlessly Human Centered
Get out of the classroom to work hand-in-hand with those most affected, building foundations as consultants grounded in empathy, collaboration, prototyping and iteration.
Create Sustainable Solutions
Don’t just come up with ideas – build them! Engage with partners around the globe to achieve sustainable value creation. Build solutions that have a sustainable impact, and track and report metrics.
This project has been the most impactful experience that I have been a part of at Notre Dame. It opened my eyes to the fact that I can truly use my education to make a difference in the world.
Kayleigh W.
, Class of 2023
What You’ll Learn
The Impact Consulting Minor at Notre Dame makes the world your classroom. Students discern their passion projects with the gateway course, Designing Your Life, then move through a sequence of courses to design ideas, pitch for funding, and build those ideas, engaging with their project partners over multiple semesters and culminating in a domestic or international immersion.
Designing Your Life (3CR)
What makes a purposeful and meaningful life? Thoughtfully consider how to use your time and talents in a meaningful way, and identify your project interest areas.
Business Problem Solving (3CR)
Build out skills for effective team work while learning and applying consulting frameworks, working on consulting sprints with leading firms.
Innovation & Design Thinking (3CR)
Apply design thinking methods with your project partner to conduct ethnographic research, ideate, and develop prototypes. Funding awarded at end of semester for continued research and implementation.
Innovation & Design Immersion (3CR)
Conduct research, test prototypes or work on implementing ideas at the client site, with all expenses covered as a part of the course. Both domestic and international sites available. Travel options over semester breaks throughout the year.
Applied Impact Consulting (3CR)
Spend the semester working in teams to build, implement, and track ideas.
How to Apply
The application form for all minors offered by the Mendoza College of Business opens once in the fall semester and once in the spring semester. The application period has closed for Spring 2026; for Fall 2026:
Application Opens:
Monday, September 14, at 12:00 Noon
Application Closes:
Friday, October 16, at 5:00 PM
For questions about the Impact Consulting minor contact Quin Gallagher, Program Administrator, at
qgallagh@nd.edu
.