URL: https://www.ohio.edu/admissions
TITLE: Undergraduate Admissions | Ohio University

Make change for a better future.
Let's get started.
At Ohio University, our faculty never settle, and neither should you. OHIO strives to be the best student-centered, transformative learning community in America, where students move their ideas into action in more than 250 different academic programs. Here, you can create the change you seek and experience undeniable outcomes.
Apply to Ohio University today
Get Your Application Started
Freshman
You are a freshman if you are in high school OR you have graduated but haven’t been enrolled at a college or university since completing high school.
Transfer
You are a transfer student if you have completed 9 semester hours or more (12 quarter hours) at another institution after you graduated from high school.
International
You are an international student if you have or will have a temporary visa and do not have U.S. citizenship or legal permanent resident status (a "green card").
Online
You are an online student if you plan to work toward an associate's or bachelor's degree taking only online classes through our eCampus.
Housing Contract and Roommate Selection Webinar
Join us for a webinar from Housing and Residence Life! The Housing Contract and Roommate Selection webinar discusses the required housing contract for first-year students and the roommate selection process using MyOHIORoomie.
Sign Up for a Webinar
Room Selection Webinar
Join us for a webinar from Housing and Residence Life! The Room Selection Webinar discusses the room selection process and timeline at Ohio University as well as experiential living opportunities on campus before room selection times begin.
Sign Up for a Webinar
Your Future is Waiting — Apply Now!
Apply now to begin your forever OHIO journey.
Apply Now!
Confirm Your Intent to Enroll
The housing contract is now open! Submit your housing contract and deposit to reserve your space in the incoming 2026 class.
Confirm Your Intent to Enroll
Important Dates
Confirm Your Intent to Enroll
By May 1, 2026
Submission of the housing contract and deposit confirms your intent to enroll at OHIO in fall 2026.
Room Selection Webinar
May 5, 2026
Join us for a webinar about the room selection process and timeline at Ohio University as well as experiential living opportunities on campus.
Bobcat Student Orientation
By June 30, 2026
Incoming freshmen must sign up for BSO by the June 30 priority date to secure a place in the fall 2026 entering class.
The OHIO Guarantee+
At Ohio University, we have long been committed to affordability, predictability, and cost transparency through our OHIO Guarantee, providing level-rate tuition, housing, dining, and fees locked in for 12 consecutive semesters. Now, we’re taking that commitment to a whole new level by delivering an individualized graduation plan that ensures you’ll graduate on time and on plan, or we’ll make it right, including covering the cost of additional courses if necessary. That way, you know the total cost of college from the start. Plus, we’re expanding access to alumni-only scholarships for continuing education as well as career counseling for life. It goes beyond a guaranteed price to deliver real return on your investment. It's the OHIO Guarantee+.
The OHIO Guarantee+
Visit OHIO
#1
Best Value Public University in Ohio (U.S. News & World Report)
R1
highest level Carnegie research classification
Best
College Town in Ohio (Far & Wide)
Request Info
Loading…
Request Info
Take a Virtual Tour
Take a virtual tour of Ohio University to learn more about our campus, residences, athletic facilities, and more.
Start the Virtual Tour
Check Us Out on Social Media
Ready to Take the Next Step?
Visit
Apply