URL: https://www.ohio.edu/admissions/visit
TITLE: Visiting OHIO | Ohio University

Experience OHIO for Yourself
It's easy to see the beauty of our campus in photos across our website, but nothing compares to how it feels to breathe in the fresh air of fall and see the colorful leaves tumble across the bricks while crossing College Green, or taking in a spring sunset while enjoying the magic of the
Cherry Blossom trees
along the Hocking River. What are you waiting for? There are so many experiences waiting for you in
Athens
— register for the campus visit that works best for you to get started!
Special Visit Programs
Special visit programs offer unique opportunities to get a sneak peek into life at OHIO. If you're a prospective first-year or transfer student or a high-achieving high school senior, you'll want to check out these options! Can't make it to campus? No problem — join us in a city near you to learn about life as a Bobcat. Check back often, because we add new options regularly!
Special Visit Programs
Daily Campus Visits
Daily campus visits offer the flexibility to explore OHIO on the date that works best for you. You can also personalize your visit by scheduling a time to meet with a representative from an academic college while you're on campus.
Sign Up for a Daily Visit
Visit Options for Transfer Students
Students interested in transferring to Ohio University from another college or university have visit options tailored just for them! Upcoming options range from 1:1 transfer admissions appointments to small group visits and special events — including OHIO Transfer Day on April 6, 2026. Check upcoming options and sign up for a visit that works with your schedule!
Upcoming Transfer Visits
School/Community Group Visits
School counselors and community leaders are invited to bring future Bobcats to campus for a group visit! Your students will learn more about OHIO through a group information session with an admissions advisor and a walking tour of our beautiful and historic campus.
Request a Group Visit
What to Expect On Your Visit
We can't wait to welcome you to campus! Before you arrive, review info about health and safety, parking, transportation, local accommodations and the daily campus visit agenda to make the most of your visit.
Plan Your Visit
Top 15
Most beautiful college campuses
36
Residence halls from which to choose
Top 100
Small-town art communities
Top 10
Overall student satisfaction with choice
Virtual
Options
Unable to visit campus in person? No problem — check out our virtual options to explore OHIO from home!
Virtual Tour
Eager to tour our campus? We've got you covered! With our self-guided virtual tour, you explore campus, athletics facilities, fine arts facilities and various residence halls. Beautiful imagery combined with campus insights provided by narration, you'll feel as though you're walking through campus with one of our amazing tour guides!
International Student Webinars
International students who are interested in learning more about Ohio University are invited to join us for a webinar! Connect with an OHIO admissions representative and student global ambassadors at one of these virtual sessions. Check back regularly for more session offerings.
Webinars about OHIO's Online Programs
Ohio University offers a variety of 100% online degree programs. Students interested in learning more are encouraged to attend one of our OHIO Online webinars. Specific sessions are also available for students interested in OHIO’s online RN-to-BSN and Non-degree Nursing Early Start programs. These sessions are not suited for any student planning to apply or enroll at the Athens or regional campuses.
Housing Contract and Roommate Selection Webinar
Join us for a webinar from Housing and Residence Life! The Housing Contract and Roommate Selection webinar discusses the required housing contract for first-year students and the roommate selection process using MyOHIORoomie. Representatives from Housing and Residence Life will also be available to answer questions.
Room Selection Webinar
Join us for a webinar from Housing and Residence Life! The Room Selection Webinar discusses the room selection process and timeline at Ohio University as well as experiential living opportunities on campus before room selection pick times begin. Representatives from Housing and Residence Life will also be available to answer questions.
Virtual Advisor Appointments
Financial Aid Advisor Virtual Appointments
Do you have questions about financial aid or scholarships? Sign up for a 30 minute, 1-on-1 video appointment with a financial aid advisor. You can also contact the Office of Student Financial Aid and Scholarships at financial.aid@ohio.edu or by calling 740.593.4141 from 8 a.m. – 5 p.m. Eastern.
Admissions Advisor Virtual Appointments
Freshman and transfer students can select a preferred day and time for a 1-on-1 video appointment with an Undergraduate Admissions advisor to discuss applying to OHIO, academics, campus life, transferring credit and more.
OHIO Online Virtual Appointments
OHIO Online student can select a preferred day and time for a 1-on-1 video appointment with an OHIO Online enrollment advisor to talk about applying to OHIO, academics, transferring credit and more.
Connect with OHIO's Academic Colleges and Student Services
OHIO's degree-granting colleges serve as a home for academic departments, schools and centers which deliver diverse programs, degrees and majors. Each college has a unique community and culture that will support your personal, academic and professional goals.
Each college offers different visit options, including facility tours and meetings with faculty, staff and current students. Select your college to learn about visit options and choose a time to speak directly with a college representative. You can also join academic colleges and our financial aid, housing and career development experts for a webinar or chat.
Chaddock + Morrow College of Fine Arts
College of Arts & Sciences
College of Business
College of Health Sciences and Professions
Honors Tutorial College
Gladys W. and David H. Patton College of Education
Russ College of Engineering and Technology
Scripps College of Communication
University College
Discover Visit Opportunities at Our Regional Campuses
Chillicothe Campus
Eastern Campus
Lancaster Campus
Southern Campus
Zanesville Campus
Sights and sounds of College Green
Visit College Green
Self-guided tours of Athens
Check out  mAppAthens
Connect with Us
Follow Ohio University on social media!
Request Info
Loading…
Request Info