URL: https://www.ohio.edu/chillicothe/current-students/clubs-organizations
TITLE: Chillicothe Campus Clubs & Organizations | Ohio University

Student organizations are an integral part of the OHIO community and offer students rich, interdisciplinary opportunities to learn outside of the classroom. Individually, student organizations provide a platform for students to develop leadership and organizational skills. Collectively, student organizations enrich campus life by enhancing the cultural, social and intellectual life of the University.
We hope to provide support to students aiming to pursue their various interests, talents and strengths that are separate from formal curricular experiences.
Current Clubs & Organizations
Organization
Description
Advisor
Bobcats Rally on the Hill (BROH)
Bobcats Rally On the Hill (BROH) is a social organization dedicated to enriching campus culture and supporting campus life and student engagement at Ohio University Chillicothe. We provide opportunities for members to connect, lead, and engage at OHIO Chillicothe through projects and campus events. If you're looking to get more active on campus and form friendships that will last through your time at OHIO Chillicothe and beyond,
join us
and be a BROH!
Dr. Ashlee Tatman
Ohio University Chillicothe Education Student Organization
The Ohio University Chillicothe Education Student Organization is the professional organization for teacher candidates at OHIO Chillicothe. Affiliated with Kappa Delta Pi and Ohio Aspiring Educators, all education majors are encouraged to join.
Dr. Amy Wolfe
Ohio University Chillicothe Student Senate
Ohio University Chillicothe's Student Senate gives students an opportunity to advocate for fellow students and influence campus decisions and initiatives. You'll build leadership and communication skills while making a lasting impact at OHIO Chillicothe.
If you'd like to get involved, submit the
Ohio University Chillicothe Student Senate Interest Form
.
Dr. Ashlee Tatman
Student Nurse Organization of Chillicothe
The Student Nurse Organization of Chillicothe (SNOC) is the student organization for nursing students at Ohio University Chillicothe. The mission is to find outreach within service, community, and donation alongside fellow nurses. Premier projects have included providing Thanksgiving and Christmas dinners to students in need, hosting food drives to support the Student Resource Center, and participating in health fairs, blood drives, and other projects to promote health, happiness, and safety.
Lindsey Shotts
Student Social Work Association
The Student Social Work Association (SSWA) seeks to serve, educate, and promote activism in the field of social welfare. In addition, SSWA provides opportunities for students to interact within the community to broaden their knowledge of the issues related to social services. The main aim of the organization is to impact the lives of those living in our community and the surrounding communities positively. Their mission is to recognize needs within communities around us and to help meet those needs.
Dr. Stacey Saunders-Adams
Turning Point USA
Turning Point USA’s mission is to educate students about the importance of fiscal responsibility, free markets, and constitutional rights through innovative campus activities and non-partisan, thought-provoking discussion. This is done with the use of provided academic resources, which include: weekly activism pamphlets, short videos, free-of-charge contributor speeches, and in-person support by TPUSA staff.
Greg Perry
Young Democratic Socialists of America
The OHIO Chillicothe chapter of Young Democratic Socialists of America meets every Wednesday at 3:45 p.m. in Bennett Hall 105. Students interested in joining can sign up via their
interest form
.
Nikki Newman
Start a Student Organization
We are happy to welcome new student organizations! Interested in starting a student organization? You'll need a small group of interested students and a faculty or staff advisor. Then, submit a registration form!
Submit Registration Form
Questions?
If you have questions, need information, or assistance, please contact the
Director of Student Services
.