URL: https://www.ohio.edu/chillicothe/admissions/orientation
TITLE: Chillicothe Campus New Student Orientation | Ohio University

Get ready to start your Forever OHIO journey at the Chillicothe Campus by attending Bobcat Blitz New Student Orientation! At orientation, you'll meet the people and gather the resources you'll need to make the transition into college life with confidence.
During this one day event, you'll:
Learn about success strategies, online resources, and on-campus resources like career and accessibility services
Meet your fellow Bobcats before fall semester begins
Tour campus
Please note: Bobcat Blitz is not conducted in an open house format. We ask that you plan to attend the entire orientation session, which typically lasts a few hours.
Who Should Attend Bobcat Blitz?
Bobcat Blitz is a student welcome event for incoming freshman and transfer students.
Check the Calendar
to see all Bobcat Blitz dates.
There will be a special Bobcat Blitz for incoming College Credit Plus (CCP+) students on Thursday, August 21.
Add Bobcat Blitz for CC+ Students to Your Calendar
How to Register for Bobcat Blitz
You will receive an email to your OHIO email with registration information and instructions. Check your email to register today!
If you are an incoming student and you did not receive an email, or if you have questions, please contact Ohio University Chillicothe Student Services by calling
740.774.7731
or by sending an email to
ouc-studentservices@ohio.edu
.
Check Your OHIO Email
Upcoming
Bobcat Blitz Events
View All New Student Orientation Sessions
There are no events to show at this time.
Resources
Campus Map
Student Services
Accessibility Services
Career Services
Activate or Manage OHIO ID
Questions?
If you have questions, please contact Ohio University Chillicothe Student Services by calling
740.774.7731
or by sending an email to
ouc-studentservices@ohio.edu
.
CC+ Orientation
Newly admitted students to OHIO's CC+ program are required to complete an in-person orientation prior to registering for courses. CC+ students will receive orientation information via their OHIO email.
CC+ Orientation Dates & Info
CC+ Bobcat Blitz