URL: https://www.ohio.edu/chillicothe/admissions/tuition-fees
TITLE: Chillicothe Campus Tuition & Fees | Ohio University

U.S. News & World Report
ranked Ohio University the
#1 Best Value Public University in Ohio
and 26th in the nation. We're proud of this ranking, because we are continuously striving to make college more affordable and accessible, while maintaining the high quality and value of an OHIO education.
OHIO Means Guaranteed Value
The OHIO Guarantee® ensures that costs are predictable and that scholarships and financial aid packages hold their value while students work toward a degree. Additional efforts at increasing affordability include joining the Open Textbook network and partnering with Top Hat to make open, license-free educational materials available to students.
The OHIO Guarantee means students attending Ohio University Chillicothe will pay a single fixed rate that covers tuition and most fees for four years. During the 2024-2025 year, Ohio residents who enroll full-time through one of OHIO’s regional campuses will pay $3,109 per semester.
The OHIO Guarantee Tuition and Fees
West Virginia Residents
You can qualify for in-state tuition – even if you live out of state.
Students classified as Ohio residents for tuition purposes receive the benefit of a state-supported education, funded largely by the taxpayers of Ohio. Review the Ohio Residency page to determine if you may qualify for Ohio Residency for University fee purposes. Residents of
West Virginia
can now qualify for in-state tuition.
Learn More About Ohio Residency (In-State Tuition)
Other Tuition and Fees
Non-OHIO Guarantee Undergraduate Tuition and Fees
Graduate Tuition and Fees
Additional Resources
Net Price Calculator
Financial Aid & Scholarships
College Credit Plus Resources
Veterans Educational Benefits
Making a Payment
Students
To make an online payment on your student account, login to MyOHIO Student Center. Under the Finances section select “Make a Payment.” This will direct you to our online payment processor. Please be sure to turn off any pop up blockers for your browser.
MyOHIO Student Center
Authorized Users
Ohio University students are able to set up Authorized Users to view student account activity, make payments, enroll in a semester payment plan, manage waivable fees, and view 1098-T information. Authorized users may make an online payment by logging into their Authorized User account.
Authorized User
Additional Payment Methods
Visit the
Office of the Bursar's website
to learn about accepted types of payments and additional payment options, financial aid disbursement, or to set up a payment plan.
Payment Methods
Financial Aid Disbursement