URL: https://www.ohio.edu/chillicothe/financial-aid-scholarships
TITLE: Chillicothe Campus Financial Aid & Scholarships | Ohio University

The
Ohio University Office of Financial Aid and Scholarships
offers information regarding financial aid available to OHIO students. While the
Chillicothe campus Financial Aid Office
is available to answer your questions and help you secure financial aid, your Financial Aid Offer will be processed by staff on our Ohio University Athens campus. Please stop by the Chillicothe campus Financial Aid Office or contact the
Ohio University Office of Financial Aid and Scholarships
for more information.
Financial Aid Information
Scholarships
Contact Us
OHIO Regional Advantage
A set of renewable scholarships designed to ensure that an extraordinary OHIO education is within reach, the program recognizes exemplary academic achievement within our regional communities with awards for fall 2026 incoming full-time freshmen.
OHIO Regional Advantage
OHIO Regional Promise
This renewable award will cover the full cost of tuition and mandatory fees to attend an Ohio University regional campus for fall 2026 incoming full-time, Pell-eligible freshmen with a minimum 3.0 high school GPA whose FAFSA is received by the published deadline.
OHIO Regional Promise
4 Years, 1 Low Price
The OHIO Guarantee means students attending an Ohio University regional campus will pay a single fixed rate that covers tuition and most fees for four years.
Tuition and Fees
OHIO Guarantee
Cost of Attendance
Financial
Aid and Aid Offers
FAFSA
The 2026-2027 Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) is open. Completing the FAFSA gives you access to federal student aid — the largest source of aid — along with state and institutional aid. OHIO's first-priority date for submission of the FAFSA is January 15, 2026.
FAFSA Overview
Types of Aid
When it comes to paying for school, you're not alone. Financial aid is offered from many sources. Grants, scholarships, work-study and low-interest loans help make college more affordable.
Grants and Loans
Aid Offers
Financial Aid Offers provide students with cost information, types and amounts of financial aid offered, and necessary action items. Students are encouraged to also view this information on their MyOHIO Student Center.
Financial Aid Offers
Scholarships
Funds for academically talented and creatively gifted students are offered by Ohio University through a variety of scholarships. Your application for admission to Ohio University serves as your application for most University scholarships. Upperclass students who submit the online scholarship application are also considered for most upperclass scholarships.
Search Online For Scholarships
Non-University Scholarship Opportunities
Scholarships For Incoming Fall Freshmen
The OHIO Regional Advantage Awards program recognizes the exemplary academic achievement within our regional communities. First-year students who are new to an OHIO University regional campus as full-time, degree-seeking students are eligible for consideration for the
Regional Advantage Awards program
.
Scholarships For Continuing Students
The
2026-27 Online Scholarship Application
is now open. Complete the application by the February 1, 2026 deadline. All students are encouraged to apply for scholarships for the 2026-27 year, including current year freshmen. The deadline is February 1, 2026 for all students.
Complete the application at
https://webapps.ohio.edu/scholarships
or on your OHIO Student Center under the "Student Services Links". Students selected to receive scholarships and/or other financial aid will be notified via email in April.
OHIO Chillicothe
Endowed
Scholarships
Like most other University scholarships, your application for admission to Ohio University serves as your application for the Chillicothe Campus endowed scholarships.
Alexander – Nicholas M. Alexander Memorial Scholarship
For graduate of Chillicothe High School
Preference to a freshman majoring in education
Ranking in upper 25% of graduating class
Record of performance in school or community activities
Two letters of recommendation required
AAUW (American Association of University Women) Scholarship
Fulltime enrollment
Sophomore, junior, or senior
Reside in Ross County
Demonstrated financial need
3.0 GPA
1
st
preference to non-traditional students
Austin – Robert & Marcia Austin Scholarship
First preference to full-time junior or senior
Demonstrated financial need
Demonstrated academic merit
Resident of Ross, Pickaway, Fairfield, Hocking, Lawrence, Pike, Jackson, Highland, Fayette, or Vinton Counties
Berger – Berger Health System Nursing Endowment
Must be enrolled in pre-nursing program or any of the nursing programs at OHIO Chillicothe
Must be a resident of Pickaway County
Charles Black Scholarship
Full time freshman or sophomore student enrolled in or accepted at the Ohio University Chillicothe campus
U.S. Citizen or permanent resident
Demonstrated financial need
Cumulative GPA of 2.75 on 4.0 scale
Must be pursuing an education degree as an Intervention Specialist
Harry T. Black Scholarship
Part-time student attending Chillicothe campus
1st priority to residents of Ross County
2nd priority to students meeting selection standards at other regional campuses or main campus
Achievement, merit, and scholarship are to be considered
Financial need is a secondary consideration
Jayne Stone Brown Scholarship
Sophomore, junior
Minimum 3.0 GPA
Minor in theatre
Karen W. & Timothy J. Corcoran Scholarship for Education at OHIO Chillicothe
Undergraduate students enrolled on the Chillicothe campus
Sophomore, junior, or senior with preference to juniors and seniors
Minimum GPA of 2.75
Preference for Middle Childhood Education majors
Officer Larry Cox Memorial Scholarship
Full or part-time Law Enforcement Technology freshmen or sophomore at OHIO Chillicothe
U. S citizen or permanent resident
Cumulative GPA of 3.0 at Ohio University, or if newly enrolled at Ohio University, or a rank of top 25 percent of high school class
Ralph L. “Bunk” DeBord Scholarship
Full-time freshman enrolled in or majoring in visual arts on the Chillicothe campus
Upperclass students may be considered if there are no eligible freshmen
Diane Diekroger Social Services Scholarship
Junior or senior enrolled at OHIO Chillicothe
Major in Social Work
Minimum GPA 3.3
Demonstrated financial need
Kathryn S. Fowler Scholarship
Full-time freshman enrolled at OHIO Chillicothe
U.S. citizen or permanent resident
Cumulative GPA of at least 2.5 from high school
Ross County resident who graduated from a Ross County High School including Chillicothe High School
Stephen, Judith & CJ Gary Family Scholarship
Full-time undergraduate student at OHIO Chillicothe
Enrolled in Bachelor of Science in Applied Management (BSAM) program
Cumulative GPA of at least 2.75
Demonstrated financial need
Haines Scholarship Fund
Full-time freshman or sophomore attending OHIO Chillicothe
Graduate of Huntington High School
Must submit two teacher evaluations
Financial need is secondary
Kathryn Hess & James VanGundy Scholarship
Full-time undergraduate student enrolled at OHIO Chillicothe
Minimum GPA of at least 3.0
Demonstrated financial need
Graduate of a high school in Ross County, Ohio or a school within the Chillicothe City School District
Wayne & Robin Holland Scholarship
Full-time freshman enrolled at OHIO Chillicothe
U. S. Citizen or permanent resident
Cumulative GPA of at least 2.75 at a Ross County High School
Demonstrated financial need
1st priority to students who have lived in Metropolitan Housing Authority in Chillicothe, OH
2nd priority to students who have participated in the Big Brothers/Big Sisters Program in Chillicothe, OH
Don Huddleston Memorial Scholarship
Full-time or part-time undergraduate student enrolled at OHIO Chillicothe with preference to Ross County residents
Demonstrated financial need
Junior Civic League
Full-time undergraduate student enrolled at OHIO Chillicothe
Gary Justice Memorial Scholarship
Full-time Law Enforcement Technology student enrolled at OHIO Chillicothe
U.S. citizen or permanent resident
Cumulative GPA of at least 2.5 at Ohio University
Dr. Veena P. Kasbekar Achievement Award
Full-time junior or senior student enrolled at OHIO Chillicothe
1st preference will be students majoring in English
2nd preference will be students majoring in Middle Childhood Education
Cumulative GPA of at least 3.2
Mabel & Robert Keim Scholarship for First Generation Students at OHIO Chillicothe
Undergraduate students enrolled at OHIO Chillicothe
Demonstrated financial need
Preference to first-generation students.
Dr. Jean Kerney Scholarship
Full-time enrollment at the Chillicothe campus
Demonstrated financial need
Must have graduated from a Ross County, OH high school
Cumulative GPA of at least 2.5
Howard O. “Corky” Miller Scholarship
Full-time student enrolled in or accepted for admission to the University
U.S. citizen or permanent resident
Demonstrated financial need
Cumulative GPA of at least 3.0 at OHIO University or, if newly enrolled at OHIO University, a rank of 3.0 GPA or the top 20% of high school class
Currently participating in an extracurricular activity
Flavian Morgan Scholarship
Full-time enrollment at the Chillicothe campus
Demonstrated financial need
Reside in Ross County
2.5 GPA
Non-traditional student majoring in engineering, education, business, pre-law, pre-med, or computer science
John (Jay) L. Nickerson, Jr. Memorial Scholarship
Full-time sophomore student at OHIO Chillicothe
Demonstrated financial need
Academic achievement
Ohio University Chillicothe Scholarship Fund – 1804
Full-time OHIO Chillicothe student
Academic achievement
Financial need is secondary consideration
Donald R. Pollock Scholarship
Full-time OHIO Chillicothe students
Junior or senior rank
Majoring or minoring in an arts and humanities discipline
Minimum GPA 3.2
Demonstrated financial need
Dr. Robert E. & Esther T. Quinn Scholarship
Full-time or part-time students enrolled at OHIO Chillicothe
Student’s studies must reflect an emphasis in the humanities
Demonstrated academic achievement with financial need to be considered secondary
Judge Gerald E. & Edythe Radcliffe Scholarship
Freshman students enrolled at OHIO Chillicothe
Demonstrated financial need
2.5 GPA
Graduates of Chillicothe High School
Judge Gerald E. Radcliffe was a long-time supporter of Ohio University Chillicothe. A 1940 graduate of Chillicothe High School, he enlisted in the United States Navy in 1942. A World War II veteran, he received many medals and honors while enlisted. After being honorably discharged from the Navy in 1945, he enrolled at the University of Dayton. He transferred to Ohio University Chillicothe, where he was a member of the first class of students attending the campus when it opened in 1946. He attended day and evening classes held in the old Smith Middle School and was the first President of the Ohio University Chillicothe's Student Council. In 1948, he relocated to Ohio University's Athens campus, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts Degree from the College of Arts and Science with a major in Commerce and a minor in English. Radcliffe served for 23 years as a probate and juvenile judge in Ross County. Judge Radcliffe received many national awards including the Meritorious Judicial Service Award of the National Council of Family and Juvenile Judges and the National Amvets Silver Helmet Award for Americanism. He died in 2006 and was predeceased by his first wife, Edythe Kennedy Radcliffe, who died in 1995.
Rock for Tots
Full-time student enrolled at OHIO Chillicothe
Incoming freshman
Cumulative GPA of 2.8
Demonstrated financial need
Resident of South-Central Ohio
Chillicothe Rotary & Robert Schaefer Scholarship
Full-time upper-class student at OHIO Chillicothe
U.S. citizen or permanent resident
Cumulative GPA of at least 3.0 at OHIO University
Award is limited to a student within the jurisdictional limit of the Chillicothe Rotary Club (Ross County)
Financial need is a secondary factor
Robert E. Schaefer Scholarship
One or more students entering the OHIO Chillicothe campus for freshman year
1st priority to graduates of Chillicothe High School
2nd priority to graduates of other Ross County High Schools
3rd priority to other students meeting selection standards at other regional campuses or the main campus of OHIO University
Achievement, merit, and scholarship are to be considered strong primary endorsements
Financial need is secondary
Myrl H. Shoemaker Scholarship
Full-time student attending Chillicothe campus of OHIO University
Resident of South-Central Ohio
Academic merit with financial need as secondary consideration
Award goes to freshman or sophomore
Mary Spencer Scholarship
Full-time students enrolled at the Chillicothe campus
Demonstrated financial need
Funds should be used for tuition, textbooks, or other educationally related expenses
Preference for financially disadvantaged students
Mary Spencer loved learning and hoped to be the first person in her family to earn a college degree. She grew up in Huntington, West Virginia and later married and raised three children in Wellston, Ohio. After the death of her first husband, Mary moved to Chillicothe, Ohio to be close to friends and to find a job. Not until her mid-60s did Mary realize her lifelong dream of going to college when she began taking classes at Ohio University Chillicothe. Though the Great Depression and the financial struggles that followed stood in the way of Mary's dreams of a college degree, she wanted to ensure that financial circumstances did not prevent others from earning a college degree. She established the Mary Spencer Scholarship and upon her death left Ohio University over $500,000 which continues to grow and support student scholarships each year.
Clayton Stein Scholarship
Full-time student enrolled at OHIO University Chillicothe
U.S. citizen or permanent resident
Cumulative GPA of at least 3.0 from high school or college
Courtney & Paul Tuck Life Science Scholarship
Full-time student enrolled at OHIO Chillicothe
Seeking degree in a Life Science discipline including but not limited to Biology, Biochemistry, Pre-professional (Pre-medicine, pre-veterinary medicine, etc.) or Nursing
Demonstrated financial need
Cumulative GPA of at least 3.2 at OHIO Chillicothe or, if newly enrolled at OHIO, at prior institution
Dr. Arthur L. Vorhies Memorial Scholarship
Students enrolled at OHIO Chillicothe
Demonstrated financial need
Full or part-time students
James A. Watson Education Scholarship
Full-time student enrolled at OHIO Chillicothe
Planning to major in education
Demonstrated financial need
Cumulative GPA of at least 3.0
Graduate of Federal Hocking High School in Stewart, OH or a high school in Athens County, Athens, OH
If an eligible student cannot be identified at OHIO Chillicothe, the award may be given to a student on the Athens campus
Jimmie L. & Barbara J. Williams Endowment
Full-time student enrolled in second year of the two-year nursing program at Ohio University Chillicothe
U.S. citizen or permanent resident
Must have minimum 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale and must maintain GPA for second semester
Demonstrated financial need
Contact
Us
Primary
Martha Tanedo, M.A.
Assistant Director of Financial Aid Advising
Bennett Hall 134D
740.774.7733
tanedo@ohio.edu