URL: https://www.ohio.edu/eastern/current-students/clubs-organizations
TITLE: Eastern Campus Clubs & Organizations | Ohio University

Student organizations are an integral part of the OHIO community and offer students rich, interdisciplinary opportunities to learn outside of the classroom. Individually, student organizations provide a platform for students to develop leadership and organizational skills. Collectively, student organizations enrich campus life by enhancing the cultural, social and intellectual life of the University.
We hope to provide support to students aiming to pursue their various interests, talents and strengths that are separate from formal curricular experiences.
Current Clubs & Organizations
Organization
Description
Advisor
The American Association for Men in Nursing (AAMN)
The AAMN is dedicated to advancing the role of men in the nursing profession by fostering a supportive community. Through mentorship, professional development, and educational initiatives, AAMN empowers members to excel in their careers and make a lasting impact on healthcare. Members benefit from exclusive opportunities such as the annual national conference, competitive scholarships, dynamic networking events, and access to certification and continuing education programs—all designed to inspire excellence, leadership, and growth in nursing.
Matt Fox
Bible Study Club
A movement of students committed to knowing Christ and making Him known. The club provides time for Bible study, prayer, and support.
Peter Lim
Crafty Cats
Crafty Cats is a student club for anyone who loves creativity and hands-on projects. From painting and knitting to DIY décor and seasonal crafts, members come together to relax, learn new skills, and share their artistic talents. Whether you’re a beginner or an experienced crafter, Crafty Cats is the perfect place to create, connect, and have fun.
Mary Lenczewski
Education Club
The Ohio University Eastern Education Club's mission is to provide services to benefit local children. Education majors or anyone wanting to help local children are welcomed to join the club. In the past the club has held book drives, book fairs, pop tab drives, and a literacy night. The Education Club has held fundraisers in the past to support local children's charities.
Kim Ciroli
Esports Club
Bobcat Esports Club at OHIO Eastern supports the development of competitive Esports play.   The club offers a separate area for playing multiple different games with friends, including League of Legends, Overwatch, Rocket League, Valorant, CSGO, Smash, and Nintendo Switch games like Mario Karts and Super Smash Brothers. We provide opportunities for all skill levels. Play casually with your friends, create your own Eastern campus Esports team, or join a team on the main campus in Athens. It is up to you!
To learn more visit:
ohio.edu/eastern/bobcat-esports-club
Steven Whitlinger
Rainbow Cats
This group aims to improve awareness for those who are among the LGBTQ+ community and intend to be an active organization of encouragement and openness. The Rainbow Cats will act as an open-arms club while understanding queerness and gender identity.
Club updates, meetings and events will be posted on this webpage, on the digital displays on campus, and in the latest edition of the Eastern Campus News.
We invite you to come find support and be supported.  Join us to socialize and meet other students who care about the LGBTQIA+ community.
If you have questions, email
rainbowcats@ohio.edu
.
Dr. Jim Casebolt
Dr. Pamela June
Social Work Club
The Student Social Work Association (SSWA) seeks to serve, educate, and promote activism in the field of social welfare. In addition, SSWA provides opportunities for students to interact within the community to broaden their knowledge of the issues related to social services. The main aim of the organization is to impact the lives of those living in our community and the surrounding communities positively. Their mission is to recognize needs within communities around us and to help meet those needs.
Dr. Warren Galbreath
Tracy Pritchard
Student Nurses Association
The Ohio University Eastern Student Nurses Association (OUESNA) is for nursing students attending Ohio University Eastern. The purpose of OUESNA is to expose members to fundamental and current professional interest and concerns to nursing students. Membership in OUESNA aids in the development of the whole person, including the professional role. Student's will have volunteer and community service opportunities.
Sarah Davis
Kayla Lucarelli
Start a Student Organization
We are happy to welcome new student organizations! Interested in starting a student organization? You'll need a small group of interested students and a faculty or staff advisor. Then, submit a registration form!
Submit Registration Form
Questions?
If you have questions, need information, or assistance, please contact the
Jennifer Kellner-Muscar
, Director of Student Services.