URL: https://www.ohio.edu/eastern/admissions/orientation
TITLE: Eastern Campus New Student Orientation | Ohio University

Get ready to start your Forever OHIO journey at the Eastern Campus by attending Bobcat Blitz New Student Orientation! At orientation, you'll meet the people and gather the resources you'll need to make the transition into college life with confidence.
During this one day event, you'll:
Learn about success strategies, online resources, and on-campus resources like career and accessibility services
Meet your fellow Bobcats before fall semester begins
Tour campus
Please note: Bobcat Blitz is not conducted in an open house format. We ask that you plan to attend the entire orientation session, which typically lasts a few hours.
Who Should Attend Bobcat Blitz?
Bobcat Blitz is a student welcome event for incoming freshman, college credit plus and transfer students who have completed the online orientation. If you have not completed the online orientation module, please reach out to Student Services to complete the orientation process.
Add Bobcat Blitz to Your Calendar
How to Register for Bobcat Blitz
You will receive an email to your OHIO email with registration information and instructions. Check your email to register today!
If you are an incoming student and you did not receive an email, or if you have questions, please contact Ohio University Eastern Student Services by calling
740.699.2536
or by sending an email to
eastern@ohio.edu
.
Check Your OHIO Email
Bobcat Blitz Event Information
Bobcat Blitz will begin in the Shannon Hall Theater. Lunch will be provided in the Student Lounge.
What Topics Will Be Covered?
People
Meet with an advisor for any schedule changes or questions
Meet with Student Services staff members
Learn about financial aid, accommodations, tutoring, and counseling resources
Hear from faculty about how to be successful in the classroom
Spaces and Technology
Take a campus tour, find class locations and visit the Esports room
Discover the many student resources available on campus for students
Meet the technology team
Discover the many resources you can access in the library
Get your OHIO student ID
Campus Culture
Meet students and learn about student organizations
Upcoming Bobcat Blitz Events
View All New Student Orientation Sessions
There are no events to show at this time.
Resources
Campus Map
Student Services
Accessibility Services
Career Services
Activate or Manage OHIO ID
Contact Student Services
If you would like to sign up for orientation or if you have questions, please contact a Student Services team member.
Jennifer Kellner-Muscar
Director of Student Services
kellner@ohio.edu
740.699.2347
Heather Cameron
Accessibility Coordinator
cameronh@ohio.edu
740.699.2515
Lori Poch
Success Advisor
poch@ohio.edu
740.699.2354
Dan Christian
Career Development Coordinator
christiand@ohio.edu
740.699.1406