URL: https://www.ohio.edu/eastern/admissions/financial-aid-scholarships
TITLE: Eastern Campus Financial Aid & Scholarships | Ohio University

The
Ohio University Office of Financial Aid and Scholarships
offers information regarding financial aid available to OHIO students. While the
Eastern campus Financial Aid Office
is available to answer your questions and help you secure financial aid, your Financial Aid Offer will be processed by staff on our Ohio University Athens campus. Please stop by the Eastern campus Financial Aid Office or contact the
Ohio University Office of Financial Aid and Scholarships
for more information.
OHIO Regional Advantage
A set of renewable scholarships designed to ensure that an extraordinary OHIO education is within reach, the program recognizes exemplary academic achievement within our regional communities with awards for fall 2026 incoming full-time freshmen.
OHIO Regional Advantage
OHIO Regional Promise
This renewable award will cover the full cost of tuition and mandatory fees to attend an Ohio University regional campus for fall 2026 incoming full-time, Pell-eligible freshmen with a minimum 3.0 high school GPA whose FAFSA is received by the published deadline.
OHIO Regional Promise
4 Years, 1 Low Price
The OHIO Guarantee means students attending an Ohio University regional campus will pay a single fixed rate that covers tuition and most fees for four years.
Tuition and Fees
OHIO Guarantee
Cost of Attendance
Financial Aid and Aid Offers
FAFSA
The 2026-2027 Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) is open. Completing the FAFSA gives you access to federal student aid — the largest source of aid — along with state and institutional aid. OHIO's first-priority date for submission of the FAFSA is January 15, 2026.
FAFSA Overview
Types of Aid
When it comes to paying for school, you're not alone. Financial aid is offered from many sources. Grants, scholarships, work-study and low-interest loans help make college more affordable.
Grants and Loans
Aid Offers
Financial Aid Offers provide students with cost information, types and amounts of financial aid offered, and necessary action items. Students are encouraged to also view this information on their MyOHIO Student Center.
Financial Aid Offers
Scholarships
Funds for academically talented and creatively gifted students are offered by Ohio University through a variety of scholarships. Your application for admission to Ohio University serves as your application for most University scholarships. Upperclass students who submit the online scholarship application are also considered for most upperclass scholarships.
Scholarships for Incoming Fall Freshmen
: The OHIO Regional Advantage Awards program recognizes the exemplary academic achievement within our regional communities. First-year students who are new to an OHIO University regional campus as full-time, degree-seeking students are eligible for consideration for the
Regional Advantage Awards program
.
Scholarships for Continuing Students
: The
2026-27 Online Scholarship Application
is now open. Complete the application by the February 1, 2026 deadline. All students are encouraged to apply for scholarships for the 2026-27 year, including current year freshmen. The deadline is February 1, 2026 for all students.
Complete the application at
https://webapps.ohio.edu/scholarships
or on your OHIO Student Center under the "Student Services Links". Students selected to receive scholarships and/or other financial aid will be notified via email in April.
Search online for scholarships
Apply for
non-university scholarship opportunities
OHIO Eastern
Endowed
Scholarships
Endowed scholarships are funds given in honor or memory of an individual or family and yearly amounts vary according to the monies earned in the scholarship fund. Automatic renewal is not guaranteed with endowed scholarships.
Liberty Antalis Memorial Scholarship
Undergraduate pursuing a degree in English, or related field, i.e., Communication or Fine Arts
Above average grades from high school
3.0 GPA and 3.5 in English as an upperclassman
Belmont County Endowed Scholarship – Union Local High School
Union Local High School graduate
Recommended minimums: 3.0 GPA and 20 ACT
Upper-class recommended minimum 3.3 GPA
Belmont Savings Bank Scholarship
Resident of Belmont County
Minimum 3.0 GPA
Financial need
Extracurricular activities considered
Dr. E.R. & Marjory Bovenizer Scholarship
Dr. E.R. & Marjory Bovenizer Scholarship
Bridgeport Rotary Scholarship
Resident of Bridgeport School District, graduate of Bridgeport or St. John Central High School
Minimum 3.0 GPA and demonstrate a financial need
Bridgeport/Buckeye Local High School Scholarship
Graduate of Bridgeport or Buckeye Local High Schools
Minimum cumulative GPA of 2.0 - 3.0
Demonstrate financial need
Carroll Family Scholarship
First Preference - Incoming Freshman
Second Preference - top 40% of high school class
Demonstrate financial need
Charles D. Joseph Endowed Scholarship
Enrolled in or accepted for admission to Ohio University Eastern.
First Preference - Graduates of Barnesville High School
Second Preference - Graduates of any High School in Belmont County, Ohio.
Demonstrate financial need.
Charles D. Joseph Nursing Scholarship
Enrolled in or accepted for admission to Ohio University Eastern Nursing program.
First Preference - Graduates of Barnesville High School
Second Preference - Graduates of any High School in Belmont County, Ohio.
Demonstrate financial need and academic merit.
Costello Scholarship for Appalachian Students
Minimum cumulative GPA of 2.75
Financial need
Paul G. & Stella T. Crum Family Appreciation Scholarship
Resident of Monroe County
Preference given to students who have attended St. Sylvester's School
Culbertson Scholarship
Belmont or Harrison County resident pursuing a degree in one of the "helping" professions
Recommended minimum 3.0 GPA and 20 ACT
Upper-class recommended minimum 3.3 GPA
Dutton Family Scholarship
Resident of Belmont County, OH
Demonstrate academic merit
Jerry & Lova Ebbert Family Scholarship
Minimum 3.0 GPA
Demonstrate financial need
Adam & Sylvia Giandomenico Scholarship
Minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0
Top 33% of graduating class
Financial need
Dr. Robert F. Godfrey Scholarship
Graduate of Martin's Ferry High School
Goodman Family & James C. Bryant Scholarship
Goodman Family & James C. Bryant Scholarship
Rodney Hanson Scholarship
Education or pre-law Major residing in Belmont County
Minimum 3.0 GPA
Demonstrate financial need
Eugene & Matilda Heavilin Scholarship
Must be incoming freshman from Harrison County
Minimum 2.5 GPA
The Linda Heil Dowler Scholarship
Graduate of Martin's Ferry High School
Minimum 3.5 GPA
Majoring in Education
Thomas & Virginia Helms Scholarship
Education major with a minimum 3.0 GPA
Robert L. & Eleanor R. Heskett Scholarship
Graduate of Martins Ferry or Bellaire High School
Demonstrate financial need
James Kettler Memorial Scholarship
Priority given to students majoring in physics
Consideration given to students majoring in the sciences, mathematics, or education with a concentration in math or the sciences
Kerr Memorial Scholarship
Undergraduate pursuing a major in education or business administration
Must be Bellaire, St. Clairsville, or Shadyside High School graduate
Recommended minimum 3.0 GPA and 20 ACT for high school applicants
Upper-class recommended minimum 3.3 GPA
John & Margaret Kirk Scholarship
Graduate of a high school in the Barnesville School District
Minimum 3.4 GPA
Demonstrate financial need
John & Elizabeth Lancione Scholarship
Bellaire High School graduate in a pre-professional field of study
Recommended minimum 3.0 GPA or 20 ACT
Upper-class recommended minimum 3.0 GPA
R. Kinsey Milleson Public Service Scholarship
Majoring in Applied Management of Political Science
Be at least a Sophomore rank with a minimum 2.5 GPA
Demonstrate financial need
Demonstrate academic merit
Patrick Wesley Murphy Memorial Scholarship
Majoring in social work
Minimum 3.0 G.P.A
Demonstrate financial need
James Newton, Ph.D. Scholarship
Top 20% of high school class
Upper-class required minimum 3.0 GPA
Demonstrate financial need
Students interested in the social sciences with preference give to those interested in geography as a discipline of study
Priority given to freshmen or nontraditional students
Scott & Anna O'Donnell Scholarship
Majoring in Business Administration and accepted into the College of Business
Resident of Belmont, Harrison or Jefferson Counties, OH
Demonstrate financial need
First preference given to students who have transferred to Athens from the Eastern Campus
Ohio University Eastern Campus Scholarship
Fund established by OHIO Eastern faculty and staff
Incoming freshman with two of the following:
Top 25% of senior class
High school GPA of 3.5 or above
21 ACT
Willard E. & Mary J. Poston Scholarship (Available fall 2025)
Resident of Belmont, County OH
Demonstrate financial need
John & Marcelyn Shannon Scholarship
Recipient must be an incoming freshman
Top 40% of their class
Demonstrate financial need
Jimmy Shaheen Scholarship
Majoring in Education
Demonstrate financial need
Roger Sowers Memorial Scholarship
Barnesville High School graduate
Minimum 3.0 GPA
Education major
Demonstrate financial need
St. Clairsville Rotary Scholarship
St. Clairsville High School graduate
Minimum 3.0 GPA
Financial need, leadership, and activities will be considered
Switzerland of Ohio Scholarship for Education
Must be a graduate and current resident of the Switzerland of Ohio Local School District
Education major
Minimum 3.0 GPA
Demonstrate financial need
Unified Bank Business Scholarship
Must major in Business or a related field
Minimum ACT of 21 and top 30% of high school class
Minimum 3.0 GPA for upper-class applicants
Priority given to freshman
Katherine Whinnery & Family Scholarship
Top 50% of high school class
Upper-class required minimum 2.5 GPA
Preference given to Harrison County residents
Demonstrate financial need
Charles A. Wilson Scholarship
Bridgeport High School graduate
Minimum 2.0 GPA
Contact
Us
Wendy Kalinowski
Assistant Director of Regional Financial Aid
Shannon Hall - Room 101G
740.588.1441
rogersw@ohio.edu