URL: https://www.ohio.edu/lancaster/current-students/student-services/testing-center
TITLE: Lancaster Campus Testing Center | Ohio University

The Ohio University Lancaster Testing Center is dedicated to upholding high standards of test security and academic integrity. All tests are administered under standardized conditions that are efficient, fair, and secure. The Testing Center is monitored at all times.
Located in Brasee Hall 443 (2nd floor of the library), the Testing Center proctors tests for students with accommodations, faculty-approved make-up exams, high-stakes testing such as nursing entrance exams, and those in online courses taught by faculty on other campuses. The Testing Center also offers placement testing for both college and College Credit Plus students.
Testing Center Requirements
All testers are required to schedule appointments at least 24 hours in advance, present a photo ID upon arrival, and complete their exam by closing time. Students are solely responsible for scheduling their appointments appropriately to receive the maximum time available for testing.
Exam Schedule
Spring Semester 2026 | Hours*
FINAL EXAMS  | Open Monday-Friday 8:30 - noon & 1:00 - 4:30 pm
*Note:
Hours subject to change without notice and are contingent on need and availability. Please contact Chris Bailey,
baileyc2@ohio.edu
for more details.
Schedule an Exam
Appointments at the Ohio University Lancaster Campus Testing Center must be scheduled at least 24 hours in advance using the Exam Registration page. Test-takers should arrive with a valid photo ID and allow enough time to complete their exam before the center closes.
Schedule Now
Instructors: Submit an Exam
Instructors can also submit exams to the testing center through the Professor Portal.
Submit an Exam
Contact Us
Please contact us if you have questions or need support.
Chris Bailey
Administrative Services Associate
740.681.3300
baileyc2@ohio.edu
Lancaster Testing Center
Location:
Room 443 (2nd Floor of Library) | Brasee Hall
Phone:
740.681.3362
Email:
lancastertestingcenter@ohio.edu
Fax:
740.681.3398
Address:
Ohio University Lancaster, 1570 Granville Pike
Student Services Resources
Counseling Services
Tutoring
Career Services
Accessibility Services