URL: https://www.ohio.edu/lancaster/admissions/financial-aid-scholarships
TITLE: Lancaster Campus Financial Aid & Scholarships | Ohio University

The
Ohio University Office of Financial Aid and Scholarships
offers information regarding financial aid available to OHIO students. While the
Lancaster campus Financial Aid Office
is available to answer your questions and help you secure financial aid, your Financial Aid Offer will be processed by staff on our Ohio University Athens campus. Please stop by the Lancaster campus Financial Aid Office or contact the
Ohio University Office of Financial Aid and Scholarships
for more information.
OHIO Regional Advantage
A set of renewable scholarships designed to ensure that an extraordinary OHIO education is within reach, the program recognizes exemplary academic achievement within our regional communities with awards for fall 2026 incoming full-time freshmen.
OHIO Regional Advantage
OHIO Regional Promise
This renewable award will cover the full cost of tuition and mandatory fees to attend an Ohio University regional campus for fall 2026 incoming full-time, Pell-eligible freshmen with a minimum 3.0 high school GPA whose FAFSA is received by the published deadline.
OHIO Regional Promise
4 Years, 1 Low Price
The OHIO Guarantee means students attending an Ohio University regional campus will pay a single fixed rate that covers tuition and most fees for four years.
Tuition & Fees
OHIO Guarantee
Cost of Attendance
Financial Aid and Aid Offers
FAFSA
The 2026-2027 Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) is open. Completing the FAFSA gives you access to federal student aid — the largest source of aid — along with state and institutional aid. OHIO's first-priority date for submission of the FAFSA is January 15, 2026.
FAFSA Overview
Types of Aid
When it comes to paying for school, you're not alone. Financial aid is offered from many sources. Grants, scholarships, work-study and low-interest loans help make college more affordable.
Grants and Loans
Aid Offers
Financial Aid Offers provide students with cost information, types and amounts of financial aid offered, and necessary action items. Students are encouraged to also view this information on their MyOHIO Student Center.
Financial Aid Offers
Scholarships
Funds for academically talented and creatively gifted students are offered by Ohio University through a variety of scholarships. Your application for admission to Ohio University serves as your application for most University scholarships. Upperclass students who submit the online scholarship application are also considered for most upperclass scholarships.
Scholarships for Incoming Fall Freshmen
: The OHIO Regional Advantage Awards program recognizes the exemplary academic achievement within our regional communities. First-year students who are new to an OHIO University regional campus as full-time, degree-seeking students are eligible for consideration for the
Regional Advantage Awards program
.
Scholarships for Continuing Students
: The
2026-27 Online Scholarship Application
is now open. Complete the application by the February 1, 2026 deadline. All students are encouraged to apply for scholarships for the 2026-27 year, including current year freshmen. The deadline is February 1, 2026 for all students.
Complete the application at
https://webapps.ohio.edu/scholarships
or on your OHIO Student Center under the "Student Services Links". Students selected to receive scholarships and/or other financial aid will be notified via email in April.
Search online for scholarships
Apply for
non-university scholarship opportunities
OHIO Lancaster
Endowed
Scholarships
Paul Bader & Ruth Bader Scholarship
Fulltime students enrolled in or accepted for admission to Ohio University or Ohio University Lancaster; preference given to students enrolled at OHIO Lancaster. Students must be graduates of Liberty Union High School in Baltimore, Ohio, with minimum GPA of 2.5, and demonstrated financial need.
Barber Family Scholarship
Degree-seeking undergraduate enrolled in or accepted for admission to Ohio University Lancaster Campus; preference given to students with financial need based on the Federal Financial Aid Standards, as determined by the University's financial aid office; a cumulative GPA of at least 2.5 and/or ranked in the top 50 percent of high school year class; preference given to students enrolled in second year of coursework who demonstrate academic potential and progress.
Baughman Family Scholarship at Ohio University Lancaster Campus
Students who attend Ohio University Lancaster Campus as an undergraduate; students who graduated from high school in Lancaster, OH, or students living within the Lancaster School District boundaries. This includes private schools, home schools, or students with GED diplomas; students must have two strong recommendations from a high school teacher, a GED instructor, a guidance counselor, a school administrator, or a community, church or government leader; students who demonstrate financial need based on federal financial aid standards, as determined by the University financial aid office; preference will be given to students who are first-generation college students; preference will be given to students who demonstrate service to the community in which they live; preference will be given to students who are working to pay a portion of their education.
Dr. James Bryant International Scholarship
Preference will be given to international students who attend Ohio University Lancaster Campus.­ Students pursuing academic opportunities overseas may also apply for this award.­
Dorothy Ent Coleman Scholarship
Students enrolled at Ohio University Lancaster Campus with above-average scholastic standing; full or part-time undergraduate students; maintain a grade point average of 3.0.
Community Bank Scholarship
Students who attend Ohio University Lancaster Campus as an undergraduate; students from Fairfield and Athens counties pursuing an undergraduate degree in business or related fields; priority will be given to applicants seeking a bachelor's degree, but associate degree applicants are considered; applicants must have a 2.5 grade point average to be considered for the award.
Dean's Upperclass Scholarship
Students eligible for this scholarship are upperclassmen with a 3.3 cumulative GPA who have completed at least 30 semester hours; Transfer students are eligible but must be enrolled at least one semester prior to receiving the award and have earned a minimum of 12 hours with a 3.3 average; Students must be registered as a full-time student on the Lancaster Campus to remain eligible for the award.
Bonna and Thomas DeMarco Scholarship
Fulltime students enrolled in or accepted for admission to the University; be enrolled in or accepted for admission to Ohio University Lancaster. Students must have demonstrated financial need and demonstrated academic merit.
William Donelly Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to graduates of Lancaster High School attending Ohio University (Athens or Lancaster). Requirement: Must have a demonstrated financial need.
Fairfield National Bank Scholarship
Full-time or part-time degree seeking undergraduate enrolled in or accepted for admission to Ohio University Lancaster Campus; students who demonstrate financial need based on federal financial aid standards, as determined by the University's financial aid office; recipients must be pursuing a degree in business, finance, accounting or related fields.
Suzy L. Geiger Memorial Scholarship
Students who are enrolled full- or part-time at Ohio University Lancaster Campus; preference will be given to students who exhibit financial need; preference will be given to students who are working to pay for his/her educational expenses. Requirement: Must be a Business Management Technology major.
Clayton and Matilda George Scholarship
Students who are enrolled full- or part-time at Ohio University Lancaster Campus; recipients of this scholarship must have attended Fairfield Union High School and maintained a 2.5 grade point average. Requirement: Must have a demonstrated financial need.
Joan Kirst Gilchrist Award
Students who are enrolled full- or part-time at Ohio University Lancaster Campus; students must have completed at least four accounting technology courses.
Mildred L. Herzberger Scholarship
Fulltime students enrolled in or accepted for admission to Ohio University; residents of Fairfield County, OH. Preference given to students enrolled at Ohio University Lancaster. Students must have minimum GPA of 2.5, demonstrated financial need.
David Johnston Scholarship
Students who are enrolled full- or part-time at Ohio University Lancaster Campus; the recipient is selected based on financial need in addition to academic success.
Fred Kalister Endowed Award
Students who are enrolled full- or part-time at Ohio University Lancaster Campus; preference for this scholarship will be given to students pursuing a degree in art or English; preference will be given to students who demonstrate financial need based on federal financial aid standards, as determined by the University's financial aid office.
James Karns Mathematics Scholarship
Students who are enrolled full- or part-time at Ohio University Lancaster Campus; students majoring in mathematics, education or related fields; students with a grade point average of 3.0 or higher.
Charles Kilburger Scholarship (full-tuition scholarship)
The Charles Kilburger scholarship is open to all student who are enrolled and begin their studies full-time at Ohio University Lancaster Campus. To be eligible for consideration the applicant
must be
a Fairfield County resident and completed 4 years at a Fairfield county high school.
Preference will be given to students who demonstrate financial need based on federal financial aid standards (as determined by the University's financial aid office) and academic merit
Students must maintain at least a 2.7 GPA to maintain the scholarship for four years
Recipients are to complete 2 years at Ohio University Lancaster before relocating to Athens
Alice Kindler Scholarship
Fulltime students enrolled in or accepted for admission to Ohio University or Ohio University Lancaster; preference given to students enrolled at OHIO Lancaster. Students must be residents of Fairfield County in Ohio, have a minimum GPA of 2.5, and demonstrated financial need.
William C. Lehman & Mildred K. Lehman Scholarship
Fulltime students enrolled in or accepted for admission to Ohio University or Ohio University Lancaster; preference given to students enrolled at OHIO Lancaster. Students must be graduates of a high school in Fairfield or Hocking County in Ohio. Students must have minimum GPA of 2.5, and demonstrated financial need.
John & Cindi Morehead Scholarship
Degree-seeking undergraduate students enrolled in or accepted for admission to the Ohio University Lancaster Campus. Students must be enrolled at least part-time, pursuing a degree in Applied Management, Nursing, or related fields. Student must have graduated from high school in Fairfield County, Ohio or a high school in a contiguous county. Preference will be give to students who are employed at least part-time.
Freshman Scholarship
Students who are enrolled at Ohio University Lancaster Campus; this scholarship is awarded to the outstanding freshman applicant from Lancaster High School or Fairfield County.
Joan Nixon Transfer Scholarship
Scholarship is awarded to students relocating to the Athens Campus from the Lancaster Campus.
OUL Challenge Scholarship (established by Mark Sells and Family)
Students who are enrolled full-time at Ohio University Lancaster Campus; preference will be given to students who demonstrate financial need based on federal financial aid standards, as determined by the University's financial aid office; students with a minimum GPA of 2.7.
OUL Endowment for International Studies
This scholarship is awarded to a deserving international student wishing to attend the Lancaster Campus or a student pursuing a degree related to international study
PNC Bank Scholarship
Students who are enrolled full-time at Ohio University Lancaster Campus; students must be majoring in business administration or related fields; an accumulative GPA of 2.75 is required for scholarship.
Charles R. and Marilyn Y. Stuckey OUL Scholarship
(up to 90% tuition scholarship) Students who are enrolled full- or part-time at Ohio University Lancaster Campus; preference will be given to students who graduated from Lancaster High School or William V. Fisher Catholic High School; students with a GPA of at least 3.4; students who are pursuing a degree in engineering, computer science, natural sciences, industrial technology, mathematics or related fields. Preference given to those with a financial need.
Larry E. Tipton Working Student Scholarship
Students who are enrolled full- or part-time at Ohio University Lancaster Campus; preference will be given to students majoring in business, education, communication or marketing; students who graduated from a high school within Fairfield County or contiguous counties with high academic standing; students who maintain a full-time or part-time job at the time of application process (must have a job to renew scholarship in subsequent years); student must have a strong recommendation from current employer, with dates of employment. Preference given to those with a financial need.
George Bruce Tudor Scholarship
Undergraduate students enrolled in or accepted for admission to Ohio University Lancaster. Students must have demonstrated financial need. Preference will be given to student veterans.
Jeff & Monica Watts Scholarship
Full time undergraduate students enrolled in or accepted for admission to Ohio University Lancaster. Students must have demonstrated financial need, and demonstrated academic merit. Preference will be given to students who are residents of Fairfield County, Ohio.
Richard C. & Betty Jo Weiser Endowed Scholarship
Students who are enrolled full- or part-time at Ohio University Lancaster Campus; this scholarship is awarded alternately every other year; preference will be given to students pursuing a degree in business, education or related fields; financial need will be considered for this award.