URL: https://www.ohio.edu/lancaster/current-students/clubs-organizations
TITLE: Lancaster Campus Clubs & Organizations | Ohio University

Student organizations are an integral part of the OHIO community and offer students rich, interdisciplinary opportunities to learn outside of the classroom. Individually, student organizations provide a platform for students to develop leadership and organizational skills. Collectively, student organizations enrich campus life by enhancing the cultural, social and intellectual life of the University.
We hope to provide support to students aiming to pursue their various interests, talents and strengths that are separate from formal curricular experiences.
Current Clubs & Organizations
OHIO Lancaster offers over 15 registered student organizations and clubs empowering students to explore a wide variety of involvement opportunities on and off campus.
Students who are involved in a student organization and/or club have the opportunity to meet new people, develop leadership skills, pursue their passions, gain valuable knowledge, and contribute to the OHIO Lancaster community and beyond.
Click any organization or club to learn more and get involved!
A.B.C. Adults Belong in College
Advisor:
Pam Kaylor
A.B.C. is a student organization with the mission of promoting the success of non-traditional students at Ohio University Lancaster. Their goals are to assist nontraditional students in meeting their educational, career, and personal goals, to advocate for services that correspond to the diverse needs of the nontraditional student, and to provide a supportive and nurturing environment to engage nontraditional students as active partners in the planning, delivery, and evaluation of their learning at Ohio University.
The group is open to all students who self-identity as nontraditional.
A4HR (Allies for Human Rights)
Advisor:
Pam Kaylor
The purpose of this organization shall be to promote an awareness of equality to university students and the community at large. In addition, A4HR (Allies for Human Rights) will provide an opportunity for students, faculty, alumni, and staff to coordinate and participate in activities, conferences, resource services and a generally equal environment for the benefit of students and the community.
The club is open to any and all members of Ohio University Lancaster's student body, faculty, staff, or alumni, and will not discriminate based on age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, creed or disability.
Alpha Phi Omega
Advisor:
Patrick Munhall
Alpha Phi Omega is a national, co-ed service fraternity with active chapters on over 350 college campuses.  The APO Chapter at Ohio University-Lancaster recruits new members each semester. The goal of APO is to provide students who want to be a part of an organization with leadership skills while providing service to our campus and community.
Any student is eligible to join! There are no GPA or major requirements.
Consider this — college should be more than the acquisition of facts and figures; it also should broaden your experiences, expand and test your inherent abilities, and sharpen your social skills. Alpha Phi Omega's principles of leadership, friendship, and service can add this aspect of college life and enable you to help others while you help yourself.
Alpha Phi Sigma
Advisor:
Jennifer L. Steele
Alpha Phi Sigma is a National Criminal Justice Honor Society for students who have declared a major or minor in a Pre-Criminal Justice/Criminal Justice or related degree leading to a baccalaureate degree. The goals of Alpha Phi Sigma are to honor and promote academic excellence, community service, educational leadership, and unity.
Other related majors (i.e. Psychology, Sociology, Specialized Studies, Social Work, Political Science, public administration, forensic science) may also qualify for membership if they have had 4 courses in Criminal Justice-(Sociology/LET field).
To join Alpha Phi Sigma you must have completed at least three full time semesters or equivalent and at least four (4) of the courses must be in the Criminal Justice-Soc/LET/related field. A cumulative grade point average of 3.2 on a 4.0 scale, as well as, a 3.2 average in Criminal Justice-Soc/LET courses is needed to join.
Alpha Phi Sigma is the only Criminal Justice Honor Society which is a certified member of the Association of College Honor Societies and affiliated with the Academy of Criminal Justice Sciences. Induction into the group can occur early in the fall or spring semester.
Comic Book Club (CBC)
Advisor:
Alan Middleton
Comic book junkie, anime admirer, or obsessed with the Marvel Cinematic Universe? The Comic Book Club is for you. This club is designed for those interested in comic books, movies/TV, conventions, Japanese animation and science fiction. Bi-Weekly meetings are held Wednesdays with screenings, workshops, speakers and discussions.
Campus Crusade for Christ (CRU)
Contact:
Mason Grate
This student-led group seeks to introduce students to Christ, help them to grow in their faith, encourage them to passionately live life in a manner consistent with belief in the God of the Bible and inspire commitment to advancing the purposes of God in the world.
Drama Club
Advisor:
Victor Jones
Ohio University Lancaster has an outstanding theatre program, and there are many ways to get involved without being in the spotlight! We are always looking for volunteers to help with our productions.
Drama Club Member Activities
As a member of Drama Club, you can get right in the action of a production, from working concessions, ushering, back stage crew work, lighting, costuming, props, makeup and set building.
We also attend the "Broadway Across America Series" in Columbus. Drama Club members receive half price tickets!
Giving back to our community is important to Drama Club members. Our students also participate in a variety of community service projects.
Who Can Participate?
No experience is necessary, just a desire to have fun and be a part of a great production team. Drama Club is open to students, faculty, staff and alumni. Drama Club is an exciting and unique way to learn more about theatre.
Getting involved is easy! Contact Theatre Director A. Victor Jones by email at
jonesv2@ohio.edu
or by calling the Ohio University Lancaster Box Office at
740.681.3353
.
Kappa Delta Pi
Advisor:
Debra Dunning
Kappa Delta Pi (KDP) is an honorary professional organization for education majors. KDP was founded in 1911 and its motto is: Knowledge, Duty and Power. The mission statement is that KDP inspires and equips teachers to thrive. The vision is that excellent teachers build thriving communities and create lifelong opportunities by providing quality, equitable education for all.
KDP Foundations
Excellence: Committed to being the best, our members, volunteers, leaders, and staff are among the most outstanding in their fields.
Integrity: We uphold truth and transparency. We honor our words and commitments. We walk the walk, and make sure our words and actions always align.
Expertise: We are comprised of the brightest and most knowledgeable individuals within the field of education and determinedly draw on their collective insights to produce sound judgement.
Diversity: We embrace and foster all qualities of diversity, including race, ethnicity, age, religion, gender, sexual identity and ability.
Equity: We are committed to being fair and impartial, intentionally seeking perspectives that challenge our thinking.
Empathy: We are aware of and sensitive to the emotions of our members and colleagues.
KDP is America's largest Honor Society in Education.
Lambda Pi Eta
Advisor:
Nikki Blau
Lambda Pi Eta is a National Honorary Society for students in Communication Studies. Lambda Pi Eta recognizes, fosters, and rewards outstanding scholastic achievement while stimulating interest in the communication discipline.
To join Lambda Pi Eta you must be invited based on academic success. COMS majors who have earned a GPA of 3.0 or higher will be invited to join the organization and will be inducted in the spring semester.
L.E.T. Us Help
Advisor:
TBD
To assist local law enforcement with fairs, festivals, and provide students with an opportunity to network in the criminal justice arena.
Ohio Education Association
Advisor:
Kevin Cordi
Ohio Education Association (OEA-OUL) is a student organization for education majors. OEA-OUL is a local chapter of the Ohio Education Association (OEA) and the National Education Association (NEA). The purpose of this organization is to support teacher education programs by promoting interest in public education.
Meetings are a part of the #EdPowerHour which take place fall and spring semester at various times and locations to meet student needs and interest. The mission statement of the organization is to “help empower teacher candidates on their educational journey in regards to the basic human domains of cognitive, emotional, social and physical areas’. This organization offers opportunities for teacher education majors to gain personal growth and professional competence through meeting with others and serving the
community
.
Phi Theta Kappa
Advisor:
Candice Thomas-Maddox
Phi Theta Kappa (our local chapter is Beta Beta Theta) has recognized academic excellence in the two-year college since 1918 and has become the largest and the most prestigious honor society serving two-year colleges around the world.
We invite bachelor's and associate degree students from all majors to seek membership. We have two informal inductions - one in the fall semester and one in the spring semester and a formal induction in the spring quarter which also serves as the formal induction for the fall and winter inductees.
Sociology-Criminology Club
Advisor:
Jennifer Steele
The Sociology-Criminology Club (SOC-CRIM Club) is an academic forum for students majoring in Sociology-Criminology, Sociology Pre-Law, Law Enforcement Technology, and Criminal Justice. We provide opportunities to discuss and explore societal and crime-related issues while learning about relevant career paths.
What the Club Offers
Career Fairs:
Connect with professionals in your field
Agency Tours:
Visit crime labs, juvenile facilities, and adult penitentiaries
Guest Speakers:
Hear from criminologists, federal law enforcement agents, and ex
Looking for a resume builder with fun and valuable opportunities? Here's your club.
Student Nurse Organization
Advisor:
Danielle Schabel
The purpose of the Student Nurse Organization is to unite students and engage in community service. It also aims to support the holistic development of undergraduate nursing students, helping them grow as individuals and professionals responsible for the health care of people from all walks of life.
The organization functions to influence health care, nursing education, and practice through relevant activities and events. Additionally, it promotes and encourages student participation in community affairs and activities focused on health care and raising awareness of related social issues.
Student Social Work Association
Advisor:
Lisa Skeens
The purpose of this organization shall be to serve, educate, and promote activism in the field of social welfare. In addition, the SSWA will provide an opportunity for students to interact within the community to broaden their knowledge of the issues related to social services. The main aim of the organization is to impact the lives of those living in our community and the communities around us and to do our best to help meed those needs.
Student Veterans Association
Advisor:
Pam Kaylor
The Student Veterans Association is a student organization at OUL that provides support for veteran students to assist them in meeting their educational, career, and personal goals. The group provides networking and advocacy opportunities.
All students affiliated with the military (active duty or not) and their dependents are eligible for group membership. The Student Veterans Association is affiliated with Student Veterans of America® (SVA) is the premier organization leading service, research, programs and advocacy for veterans in higher education.
Additional Ways to Get Involved
Check Out the Theatre
Community Events
Student Employment Opportunities
Sports Awards & Recognition
The Lancaster Campus does not currently offer a sports program, but the campus has a rich history of recreational sports teams that have won numerous awards and titles over the years. Learn more about our past sports teams and awards.
Sports Awards & Recognitions
Questions?
Are you interested in developing an organization or club? Have questions about the process?
Student Services
740.654.6711
oulservices@ohio.edu
SPARK Leadership
SPARK Leadership is a semester-long program designed to help you develop valuable leadership skills that will give you a competitive edge.
Learn About SPARK Leadership