URL: https://www.ohio.edu/lancaster/admissions/tuition-fees
TITLE: Lancaster Campus Tuition & Fees | Ohio University

OHIO Means Guaranteed Value
The OHIO Guarantee means students attending Ohio University Lancaster will pay a single fixed rate that covers tuition and most fees for four years. During the 2024-2025 year, Ohio residents who enroll full-time through one of OHIO’s regional campuses will pay $3,109 per semester.*
The Ohio Guarantee
West Virginia Residents
You can qualify for in-state tuition – even if you live out of state.
Access the resources of a large, public university at an affordable, regional campus rate. Residents of
West Virginia
can now qualify for in-state tuition.
Learn More About In-State Tuition
Other Tuition and Fees
Non-OHIO Guarantee Undergraduate Tuition and Fees
Graduate Tuition and Fees
Lancaster Campus
Cashier
If you have questions, please contact Chris Bailey, Administrative Services Associate, by phone at
740.681.3300
or email at
baileyc2@ohio.edu
.
Spring Semester 2026 | Hours
Time Period: January 12 - May 2
Monday |
8:00 a.m. – 4:30 p.m.*
Tuesday |
1:00 p.m. – 4:30 p.m.*
Wednesday |
1:00 p.m. – 4:30 p.m.*
Thursday & Friday |
Closed
*Closed during lunch hour (12:00 Noon to 1:00 p.m.)
How to Make a Payment
Payments can be made in-person or online. Over the phone payments are not accepted.
Please read our guidelines about accepted forms of payment, in-person payment guidelines, and online payment options.
Acceptable Forms of Payment
The Office of the Bursar does not accept cash payments for tuition.
eCheck (available online only):
No service fee is charged for this option. You will need to provide your bank’s routing number and your checking or savings account number. If you have questions regarding the correct numbers to use, please contact your financial institution. Do NOT use the numbers on your debit card. Dishonored ACH payments are charged a $25.00 service fee.
Credit Card (available online):
A service fee of 2.9% is added to the total payment. This is a fee charged by our payment processor; Ohio University does not receive this additional fee. MasterCard, Visa, Discover and American Express are accepted.
Personal Check, Cashier’s Check, or Money Order (available by mail or in person):
Payments should be made to the order of Ohio University. Dishonored checks are charged a $25.00 service fee. Please include your OHIO PID number in the memo line of the payment. Checks may be mailed to: Office of the Bursar, P.O. Box 960, Athens, OH 45701
Make an Online Payment
Who Can Make an Online Payment
Students:
To make an online payment on your student account, login to
MyOHIO Student Center
. Under the Finances section select “Make a Payment.” This will direct you to our online payment processor. Please be sure to turn off any pop up blockers for your browser.
Authorized Users:
To make an online payment, login to your
Authorized User
account. Please be sure to turn off any pop up blockers for your browser.
Online Payment Methods
eCheck (available online only): No service fee is charged for this option. You will need to provide your bank’s routing number and your checking or savings account number. If you have questions regarding the correct numbers to use, please contact your financial institution. Do NOT use the numbers on your debit card. Dishonored ACH payments are charged a $25.00 service fee.
Credit Card (available online): A service fee of 2.9% is added to the total payment. This is a fee charged by our payment processor; Ohio University does not receive this additional fee. MasterCard, Visa, Discover, and American Express are accepted.
Make an In-Person Tuition Payment
In-Person Payment Methods
Personal check
Cashier's Check
Money Order (also available by mail)
Credit cards
Debit cards
Personal Check, Cashier's Check or Money Order
Payments should be made to the order of Ohio University. Dishonored checks are charged a $25.00 service fee. Please include your OHIO PID number in the memo line of the payment.
Checks will be mailed to Bursar for processing. Processing can take up to two weeks.
Option 1:
Mail to Office of the Bursar, P.O. Box 960, Athens, OH 45701
Option 2:
In-Person payments by check can be dropped off at the Student Services desk.
Option 3:
Payments can be placed in the drop box. Please seal the payment (Checks Only; NO CASH) in an envelope with appropriate identifying information (e.g. student name and PID number).
Bursar's Office
Credit Card or Debit Card Payments
Credit cards and debit cards are accepted in person at the Information desk.  Credit and debit card payments will be processed the same day as the transaction. There is no additional fee with in-person credit and debit card payments.
In person credit and debit card payments are accepted from Regional Campus students only.
Please all 1-3 business days for your payment to be processed.
Other In-Person Payments
You may make in-person payments for non-tuition related expenses and membership dues. Aside from the payment methods listed in the acceptable forms of payment section, we will accept exact cash for these types of expenses.
*The cost-per-credit hour tuition rates of institutions within a 30-mile radius of Ohio University Lancaster were examined. Only four-year, public universities were considered in this comparison.
**Subject to change by action of the Board of Trustees.