URL: https://www.ohio.edu/lancaster/admissions
TITLE: Lancaster Campus Admissions | Ohio University

Make change for a better future.
Let's get started.
At Ohio University, our faculty never settle, and neither should you. OHIO strives to be the best student-centered, transformative learning community in America, where students move their ideas into action in more than 250 different academic programs. Here, you can create the change you seek and experience undeniable outcomes.
Apply to Ohio University today
Get Your Application Started
Freshman
You are a freshman if you are in high school OR you have graduated but haven't been enrolled at a college or university since completing high school
Transfer
You are a transfer student if you have completed 9 or more semester hours (12 quarter hours) at another institution after you graduated from high school.
Re-Enrolling
You are a re-enrolling applicant if you were previously enrolled as a degree-seeking student at OHIO and decided to take a fall or spring semester off (or longer) before returning. Taking the summer off does not make you a re-enrolling student.
College Credit Plus
You are a College Credit Plus (CC+) applicant if you plan to earn college credit and satisfy high school graduation requirements at the same time by taking college-level courses.
Non-Degree
You are a non-degree applicant if you plan to take a limited number of courses at OHIO and are not interested in earning a degree at this time. If you later wish to enter a degree program, you will need to reapply for admission.
Getting Started
Step-By-Step Enrollment Guide
Tuition & Fees
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Frequently Asked Questions
Find Your Admissions Advisor
Admitted Students
To join the Bobcat family, admitted freshmen have important next steps to take. Read more information about each of the next steps that need completed.
Next Steps
New Student Orientation
Visit OHIO Lancaster
Check out OHIO Lancaster Events
Request Info
Please request application information regarding admission as a student using the form below.
Loading…
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. We do not sell or rent website visitor information. We only collect personal information that you knowingly and voluntarily provide to us. When you provide your phone number, Ohio University may contact you regarding educational services at the telephone number(s) you provided. This contact could be by telephone and/or text message utilizing automated technology. If you reside outside the U.S., you consent to the transfer of your data to the U.S. Read the
full Ohio University privacy policy.
Request Info
Take a Tour
Schedule a tour of Ohio University Lancaster to learn more about our campus, facilities, and more.
Schedule Your Tour
Check Us Out on Social Media
Ready to Take the Next Step?
Visit
Apply