URL: https://www.ohio.edu/regional/financial-aid-new
TITLE: Regional Campus Financial Aid | Ohio University

The
Ohio University Office of Financial Aid and Scholarships
offers information regarding financial aid available to all OHIO students. While there are financial aid advisors available on each campus, your Financial Aid Offer will be processed by staff on our Athens campus. Please stop by your regional campus Financial Aid Office or contact the
Ohio University Office of Financial Aid and Scholarships
for more information.
Find Your Advisor
OHIO Regional Advantage
A set of renewable scholarships designed to ensure that an extraordinary OHIO education is within reach, the program recognizes exemplary academic achievement within our regional communities with awards for fall 2026 incoming full-time freshmen.
OHIO Regional Advantage
OHIO Regional Promise
This renewable award will cover the full cost of tuition and mandatory fees to attend an Ohio University regional campus for fall 2026 incoming full-time, Pell-eligible freshmen with a minimum 3.0 high school GPA whose FAFSA is received by the published deadline.
OHIO Regional Promise
4 Years, 1 Low Price
The OHIO Guarantee means students attending an Ohio University regional campus will pay a single fixed rate that covers tuition and most fees for four years.
OHIO Guarantee
Cost of Attendance
FAFSA
Overview
Students must complete the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
to apply for federal, state and some forms of institutional financial aid.
School Code
When completing the FAFSA, add the OHIO regional campus you plan to attend. You can search by name or Federal School Code. If you are unsure which campus you will attend, add any regional campus you are considering. If you are also applying to the Athens campus (School Code 003100), add that campus, in addition to any regional campus.
Regional Campus
Federal School Code
Chillicothe
003102
Eastern
003101
Lancaster
003104
Southern
003103
Zanesville
003108
Priority Date
Some forms of federal and institutional financial aid are limited due to funding levels. To be considered for these limited funds, students planning to enroll for fall 2026 should complete the 2026-27 FAFSA by OHIO's first-priority consideration date of January 15, 2026. Please check our
Completing the FAFSA web page
for the most up-to-date information on the financial aid timeline.
FAFSA results must be received before or during the time of enrollment to be considered for financial aid. The financial aid year begins in the summer semester and ends in the spring semester.
Fill out the FAFSA
Types of
Aid
Grants
All students completing the FAFSA are considered for the
Federal Pell Grant
. This is the largest federal grant program. Grants are considered gift aid and do not have to be repaid. Eligibility for grant funds, including Pell, is based on the results of the FAFSA. Grants are generally offered to students with financial need according to the FAFSA.
Loans
Students who meet basic eligibility requirements by completing the FAFSA are offered federal loans. Federal loans represent a debt that you must repay. These loans are in the student’s name, and repayment begins six months after the student graduates or drops below half-time enrollment. Loans can be subsidized or unsubsidized. Subsidized loans are offered to students with financial need according to the FAFSA. Regional campus students are typically offered the maximum in subsidized loans in an effort to reduce borrowing. Students in need of additional loan funds can reach out to their Regional Campus Student Services Center.
Federal Work-Study
Federal Work-Study is one of the campus-based aid programs. This program provides University jobs to Ohio University students who qualify. Work-Study is based on the results of your FAFSA. Only students who have been offered Federal Work-Study in their MyOHIO Student Center can select a Work-Study position. If you have work-study, please reach out to your Regional Campus Student Services Center.
Financial Aid
Offers
The Office of Student Financial Aid and Scholarships expects to begin sending 2026-2027 Financial Aid Offers in early March. Offers for incoming freshmen are mailed to home addresses and can be viewed in the
MyOHIO Student Center
.
Continuing students should expect an email notice that their 2026-2027 Financial Aid Offer is available in the MyOHIO Student Center. Offers are not mailed to continuing students.
When accessing the MyOHIO Student Center, select "Accept/Decline Awards" to view the types and amounts of financial aid offered to you. Details about the financial aid offered, including renewable scholarship criteria, are available by selecting each type of financial aid. Additionally, you should accept or decline any federal loans you have been offered.
Financial Aid Offer Timeline
Campus-Specific Endowed Scholarships
Chillicothe
Eastern
Lancaster
Southern
Zanesville
Regional Campus Financial Aid
Advisors
Chillicothe & Lancaster Campuses:
Martha Tanedo, M.A.
Assistant Director of Financial Aid Advising
Bennett Hall - Room 134D
740.774.7733
tanedo@ohio.edu
Eastern Campus:
Wendy Kalinowski
Assistant Director of Financial Aid Advising
740.588.1441
rogersw@ohio.edu
Southern Campus:
Abby Kuehne
Assistant Director of Financial Aid Advising
740.533.4603
abbykuehne@ohio.edu