URL: https://www.ohio.edu/regional/students/financial-aid/ohio-regional-promise
TITLE: OHIO Regional Promise Award for Fall 2026 | Ohio University

What is the OHIO Regional Promise Award?
The OHIO Regional Promise Award is an automatic four-year renewable scholarship program covering up to the full cost of regional campus tuition and mandatory fees for Pell-eligible students who have a minimum 3.0 high school GPA, are Ohio residents for tuition purposes, and enroll at one of OHIO’s regional campuses for the fall 2026 semester as a full-time, first-year, degree-seeking student. A “last dollar” program, the scholarship will cover any gap between the cost of regional tuition and mandatory fees and what Pell Grant and/or federal, state, or other institutional aid do not cover.
How can I be considered for the OHIO Regional Promise at a regional campus?
Submit your OHIO application for your regional campus of choice by the
extended February 15, 2026, deadline
.
Send your high school transcript showing that you’ve earned a minimum 3.0 cumulative GPA by
February 15, 2026
.
Submit the 2026-2027 Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) by
OHIO's February 15, 2026, extended due date
and qualify for the federal Pell Grant.
Enroll in fall 2026 as a full-time, first-year, degree-seeking student on one of OHIO’s regional campuses.
Do I have to be an Ohio resident to be eligible?
Beginning with fall 2026 awardees, only Ohio residents are eligible for the OHIO Regional Promise Award and One OHIO Scholarship. Note: Residents of Kentucky and West Virginia may be eligible for
Ohio residency for tuition purposes
.
Which academic programs or majors are eligible for the OHIO Regional Promise Award?
The OHIO Regional Promise Award is available to eligible students pursuing any of our undergraduate degree programs at any OHIO regional campus. The award is renewable for four years (eight semesters) for students pursuing a bachelor’s degree, and two years (four semesters) for students pursuing an associate degree.
Is the OHIO Regional Promise Award available to students who have already applied for fall 2026?
Yes! If you’ve already applied to an OHIO regional campus for fall 2026, make sure your FAFSA results are sent to OHIO by the February 15, 2026, extended due date to be considered for the OHIO Regional Promise Award.
Can I still apply to OHIO’s regional campuses if I don’t have a 3.0 GPA?
Yes, of course! Even if you don’t qualify for the OHIO Regional Promise Award, we look forward to receiving your application and your FAFSA. All of OHIO’s regional campuses offer an open admission policy for high school graduates. Admission is based on an official high school transcript or equivalent. Federal, state or institutional financial aid may be available, depending on your FAFSA results.
What is the FAFSA?
The
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
serves as the application for all federal, state and institutional financial aid at Ohio University. Students can file their FAFSA online at
studentaid.gov
. The FAFSA is not required for many merit-based scholarships at OHIO, but students must file a FAFSA each year to be eligible for the renewable OHIO Regional Promise Award and the One OHIO Scholarship. Your FAFSA must be submitted by the OHIO's February 15, 2026, extended due date to be considered for the 2026 OHIO Regional Promise Award.
If filing the FAFSA qualifies me for financial aid, including loans, do I have to accept the aid in order to receive the OHIO Regional Promise Award?
The OHIO Regional Promise Program is intended to cover any remaining gap between federal, state and institutional grants/scholarships and regional campus tuition and mandatory fees. Families are not obligated to accept any other types of financial aid that might be offered, including loans.
How do I apply for scholarships and aid in addition to the OHIO Regional Promise Award?
Your application for admission to a regional campus also serves as your application for University scholarships. Completing the FAFSA allows you to be considered for all other types of financial aid.
Can scholarships awarded outside of Ohio University be combined with the OHIO Regional Promise Program?
Yes! Any outside scholarships you receive will not impact your eligibility for the OHIO Regional Promise.
If I’m considering the Athens campus and one of the regional campuses, what do I do?
Typically, students who are admitted to both Athens and a regional campus will be offered financial aid based on anticipated enrollment on the Athens campus. Financial Aid Offers, which will be mailed beginning in early March, will display the campus and housing assumptions used in determining the financial aid provided. If a student would like to find out what types and amounts of financial aid are available at a regional campus, please email
financial.aid@ohio.edu
.
If I am awarded the OHIO Regional Promise Award, am I required to take all my courses on one campus?
Students who have earned a Regional Promise Award on any regional campus may pursue coursework offered by any of OHIO’s regional campuses.
Is the OHIO Regional Promise Award available at OHIO’s Athens campus?
Eligibility for the OHIO Regional Promise Award requires full-time enrollment at one of OHIO’s regional campuses for fall 2026. The One OHIO Scholarship is available for Regional Promise Award recipients who wish to relocate to Athens after at least one year at the regional campus. Qualified students interested in attending the Athens campus in fall 2026 may be eligible for
OHIO Admission Promise
consideration, as well as other scholarships and financial aid specific to that campus.
Are transfer applicants or current regional campus students eligible for the OHIO Regional Promise Award?
Not at this time. The OHIO Regional Promise Award is available to students enrolling as a full-time, first-year, degree-seeking student on one of OHIO’s regional campuses beginning in fall 2026. Transfer applicants who are ready for a change in their higher education plans are welcome to apply to OHIO and will be eligible for consideration for any transfer scholarships available at their campus. For need-based financial assistance, transfer students should complete the FAFSA.
Are international freshman applicants eligible for the OHIO Regional Promise Program?
Eligibility for the OHIO Regional Promise Program is limited to students who are eligible to file the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Students on F-1 or J-1 visas are not eligible to file a FAFSA.
Are there exceptions to the OHIO Regional Promise Award?
The OHIO Regional Promise Award may not be combined with some University scholarships, full-tuition Employee/Dependent Educational Benefits, or any other award valued at full tuition.
Does the OHIO Regional Promise Award apply beyond fall 2026?
The OHIO Regional Promise applies to fall 2026 applicants at this time. We’ll share more information about application requirements for the 2027 application cycle next academic year.
Join our mailing list
to stay informed!