URL: https://www.ohio.edu/sb-40-forum-act-report
TITLE: SB-40 FORUM Act Report | Ohio University

R.C. 3345.0214(A) Report Submitted by Ohio University
(1) Ohio University has complied with R.C. 3345.0212* by taking the following actions:
Ohio University does not prohibit any member of the Campus Community from engaging in noncommercial expressive activity on campus, so long as the individual’s conduct is lawful and does not materially and substantially disrupt the functioning of the institution.
Ohio University does not charge a security fee to any students or student groups based on the content of their expression, the content of the expression of their invited guest, or the anticipated reaction to an invited guest’s expression.
Ohio University has adopted a policy on harassment that adheres to the R.C. 3345.0211 definition.
Ohio University has published in official communications and notices to students, on its website, and in its orientation programs the policies, regulations, and expectations of students regarding free expression on campus.
1
Ohio University has developed and distributed materials, programs, and procedures about the policies, regulations, and duties of the institution regarding free expression on campus to individuals responsible for the education or discipline of students.
(2) Ohio University has complied with R.C. 3345.0213 by taking the following actions:
Ohio University does not limit Campus Community speech to “free speech zones” or designate Outdoor Areas of Campuses where expressive activities are prohibited.
Ohio University has published criteria for view-point and content-neutral time, place and manner restrictions that provide for ample alternative means for expressive activity that allow for members of the campus community to spontaneously and contemporaneously assemble and distribute material.
(3) Ohio University provides the following description of any barriers to or incidents of disruption of free expression occurring on campus, including attempts to block or prohibit speakers and any investigation of students or student groups on the basis of expression, including the nature of each barrier or incident and the disciplinary action, if any, taken against members of the campus community determined to be responsible for the barriers or incidents:
There have been no reported barriers to or incidents of disruption of free expression occurring on campus.  There have been no attempts to block or prohibit speakers. There have been no investigations of any students or student groups on the basis of expression.
(4) More information about Ohio University’s freedom of expression policies and corresponding resources available to the Campus Community may be found at
https://www.ohio.edu/student-affairs/expression
.
*All terms used in this report conform to the definitions provided in ORC 3345.0211, effective March 24, 2021.
This report has been published in accordance with R.C. 3345.0214(B).
1
Ohio University does not have a handbook.