URL: https://www.ohio.edu/zanesville/admissions/financial-aid-scholarships
TITLE: Zanesville Campus Financial Aid & Scholarships | Ohio University

The
Ohio University Office of Financial Aid and Scholarships
offers information regarding financial aid available to OHIO students. While the
Zanesville campus Financial Aid Office
is available to answer your questions and help you secure financial aid, your Financial Aid Offer will be processed by staff on our Ohio University Athens campus. Please stop by the Zanesville campus Financial Aid Office or contact the
Ohio University Office of Financial Aid and Scholarships
for more information.
OHIO Regional Advantage
A set of renewable scholarships designed to ensure that an extraordinary OHIO education is within reach, the program recognizes exemplary academic achievement within our regional communities with awards for fall 2026 incoming full-time freshmen.
OHIO Regional Advantage
OHIO Regional Promise
This renewable award will cover the full cost of tuition and mandatory fees to attend an Ohio University regional campus for fall 2026 incoming full-time, Pell-eligible freshmen with a minimum 3.0 high school GPA whose FAFSA is received by the published deadline.
OHIO Regional Promise
4 Years, 1 Low Price
The OHIO Guarantee means students attending an Ohio University regional campus will pay a single fixed rate that covers tuition and most fees for four years.
Tuition & Fees
OHIO Guarantee
Cost of Attendance
Financial Aid and Aid Offers
FAFSA
The 2026-2027 Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) is open. Completing the FAFSA gives you access to federal student aid — the largest source of aid — along with state and institutional aid. OHIO's first-priority date for submission of the FAFSA is January 15, 2026.
FAFSA Overview
Types of Aid
When it comes to paying for school, you're not alone. Financial aid is offered from many sources. Grants, scholarships, work-study and low-interest loans help make college more affordable.
Grants and Loans
Aid Offers
Financial Aid Offers provide students with cost information, types and amounts of financial aid offered, and necessary action items. Students are encouraged to also view this information on their MyOHIO Student Center.
Financial Aid Offers
Scholarships
Funds for academically talented and creatively gifted students are offered by Ohio University through a variety of scholarships. Your application for admission to Ohio University serves as your application for most University scholarships. Upperclass students who submit the online scholarship application are also considered for most upperclass scholarships.
Scholarships for Incoming Fall Freshmen
: The OHIO Regional Advantage Awards program recognizes the exemplary academic achievement within our regional communities. First-year students who are new to an OHIO University regional campus as full-time, degree-seeking students are eligible for consideration for the
Regional Advantage Awards program
.
Scholarships for Continuing Students
: The
2026-27 Online Scholarship Application
is now open. Complete the application by the February 1, 2026 deadline. All students are encouraged to apply for scholarships for the 2026-27 year, including current year freshmen. The deadline is February 1, 2026 for all students.
Complete the application at
https://webapps.ohio.edu/scholarships
or on your OHIO Student Center under the "Student Services Links". Students selected to receive scholarships and/or other financial aid will be notified via email in April.
Search online for scholarships
Apply for
non-university scholarship opportunities
Transfer Scholarships
Zane State Transfer Scholarship
Student must be a graduate from Zane State College with an associate degree
Minimum 3.0 GPA
Enrolled in a bachelor degree program to be completed on the OHIO Zanesville campus
Students are required to maintain full-time status of 12 credit hours or more and be in good academic standing at the end of each term with a 2.5 or higher GPA.
Recipients will be reviewed at the end of the academic year for the scholarship to be renewed. Scholarship amount is $1,500/academic year (split between two semesters). To apply, please connect with Student Services or your advisor.
Endowed Scholarships
Endowed scholarships are funds given in honor or memory of an individual or family and yearly amounts vary according to the monies earned in the scholarship fund. Automatic renewal is not guaranteed with endowed scholarships.
The Judy Davis Nursing Scholarship
Be full-time undergraduate students enrolled in or accepted for admission to Ohio University Zanesville.
Be enrolled in or accepted to the Nursing program.
The Charles W. & Charlotte M. Love Educational Fund
Held by the Muskingum County Community Foundation
The Charles W. Allbritain Education Scholarship
Muskingum County high school graduate
Enrolled Senior majoring in Education
Minimum 3.0 GPA
The Charles & Alice Moody Scholarship
Held by the Genesis Health Care Foundation
Majoring in Nursing, Medical or Allied Health
Potential contribution to the health care field as determined by the submitted application
Minimum 3.0 GOA
Resident of Muskingum, Morgan, Perry, Licking, Coshocton, Guernsey, and Noble Counties
When all other criteria are met equally by candidate, financial need may be considered
When all other criteria are met equally by candidate, preference should be given to a Genesis employee
The Dr. and Mrs. Parinbam Thamburaj Scholarship
Minimum 3.0 GPA
1
ST
Preference – Science or pre-professional programs; 2
nd
Preference – pursuing Middle or Secondary Science Education
The Dr. Robert B. Morrison Nursing Scholarship
Minimum 3.0 GPA
Nursing Major
Resident of Muskingum, Morgan, or Perry Counties
The Hannah L. Nissen Education Scholarship
Majoring in Education
Demonstrate financial need
The KeyStone Scholarship
Resident of Muskingum County
Minimum 3.0 GPA
1
ST
Preference – Zane State Graduate seeking bachelor’s degree in associated field
The Laura E. Klein Memorial Textbook Scholarship
Demonstrate financial need
The Lieutenant Colonel Lloyd N. Barnes Memorial Scholarship
Junior or Senior
Minimum 3.0 GPA
Education, Nursing, Social Work, or one that is focused on non-profit / service-oriented career
The Linn Academic Improvement Award
The Linn Academic Improvement Award
The Lorenz Family Memorial Nursing Scholarship
Majoring in Nursing or Allied Health
Resident of Noble County
The Marilyn Jones Memorial Scholarship
Majoring in Nursing
The Mary E. Rodeniser Memorial Scholarship
Zanesville High School graduate
The Muskingum County History Mike Kline Scholarship
History or Education Major, or Specialized Studies with an emphasis on History
Minimum Sophomore standing
Demonstrate financial need
The Patricia Kelly Ritner Scholarship
Demonstrate financial need
The Ray & Eva Thomas Scholarship
Held by the Muskingum County Community Foundation
Minimum 2.5 GPA
The Ronnica Dodson Scholarship
Majoring in Nursing or Allied Health
Resident of Muskingum, Morgan, Perry, Coshocton, Guernsey or Noble Counties, OH
Minimum 3.0 GPA
1
st
preference – Genesis Employee
Held by the Genesis Health Care Foundation
The Sara Wion Ryder Memorial Scholarship
Resident of Muskingum County
Majoring in health sciences and professions
Demonstrate financial need
The Thomas L. and Melissa W. Bixler Scholarship
Eligibility:
The Thomas L. and Melissa W. Bixler Scholarship
will provide awards to students who meet all of the following criteria. Recipients must:
Be full-time undergraduate students enrolled in or accepted for admission to Ohio University Zanesville.
Have demonstrated academic merit.
Be majoring in Early Childhood and Elementary Education, Middle Childhood Education, or Special Education programs (or successor programs).
If Varsity Sports are re-established on the Zanesville Campus, then awards shall be rotated between students majoring in the Early Childhood and Elementary Education, Middle Childhood Education, or Special Education programs (or successor programs) and students graduated with a minimum GPA of 3.4 and are participating on a varsity team at Ohio University Zanesville
The William P. Ramage Memorial Scholarship
Majoring in Special Education or Education
Demonstrate academic merit or financial need
The Zanesville Scholarship
Resident of Muskingum County
Demonstrate academic merit
The Zanesville Campus Employee Scholarship
Minimum 3.0 GPA
Contact
Us
Wendy Kalinowski
Assistant Director of Regional Financial Aid
Shannon Hall - Room 101G
740.588.1441
rogersw@ohio.edu