URL: https://admissions.upenn.edu/affording-penn/understanding-your-costs
TITLE: Understanding Your Costs | Penn Admissions

Don’t let Penn’s “sticker price” deter you from applying. Your price is personalized to you!
Penn’s “cost of attendance” or “sticker price” can be very different from
your
actual cost. Our no-loan financial aid program helps students and families from a broad range of economic backgrounds. We assess financial need based on much more than just family income, and consider your family’s full financial situation. Learn how to estimate your cost and see how affordable Penn can be for you and your family.
46% of undergraduate students received no-loan financial aid in 2023-2024, with an average aid package of $69,990. That’s greater than the cost of tuition.
-
Student Financial Aid
What’s Penn’s Cost of Attendance?
Penn’s total cost of attendance includes both
direct costs
that appear on your student bill such as tuition, fees, housing, and dining, and
indirect costs
that are not billed by Penn, such as books, school supplies, transportation, and an allowance for personal expenses.
Learn more about the cost of attendance at Penn.
How to Estimate Your Cost
You can estimate your aid eligibility by using tools like MyIntuition and Penn’s Net Price Calculator. These can give you a general idea of what to expect but are only as accurate and complete as the information you enter. These tools can also be less accurate for families with complex financial situations or atypical assets—like businesses or farms.
They are also designed for domestic families reporting income in U.S. dollars.
Please note that Penn cannot provide a fully accurate assessment of your aid eligibility until you formally apply through the financial aid and admissions processes and are admitted.
MyinTuition
The
MyinTuition
tool will provide you with a ballpark estimate of your net cost to attend Penn based on six simple questions. Please note that this tool currently only works for students from the United States.
Net Price Calculator
If you have more time and access to more financial records, you can use the
Penn Net Price Calculator
, which we offer in partnership with the College Board. For the most accurate estimate, you will want to gather both student and parent tax returns, earning statements, bank and investment statements, and records of any untaxed income before beginning.
Financial Aid Across Income Levels
Students with family incomes less than $75,000* receive
financial aid packages guaranteed to cover all billed expenses (tuition and fees, housing, and dining) and receive additional resources to ensure equal access to opportunities on campus. They are also eligible for additional benefits like laptop funding and funding for summer courses as well as summer research and internship experiences.
Students with family incomes up to $200,000*
who are eligible for aid receive a financial aid package that is guaranteed to cover at minimum full tuition (and often more).
*These income levels assume you and your family have typical assets.
Typical assets can be defined as having a relative amount in cash and/or savings, checking, and investments. Assets also include home equity (the value of your primary home), other real estate equity owned by your immediate family (secondary to your primary home), and business equity (the value of a business owned by your parents).
Support for Low-Income Students
Is your family income $75,000 or less (with typical assets)? You may be considered a highly aided student. In partnership with the Penn First Plus office, we are dedicated to ensuring that Penn remains financially accessible for students with the highest financial need. Along with receiving a financial aid package that covers tuition, fees, housing, and dining, you will also have access to additional funding opportunities to cover other college expenses, including:
Waived summer savings expectation
Dedicated financial aid counselors
Health insurance coverage
Laptop computer funding
Meal programs during the holiday breaks
Funding for summer courses
Grants for studying abroad
International student travel assistance
Emergency funding
Free academic regalia when you graduate
Learn more about
support for highly aided students.