URL: https://admissions.upenn.edu/affording-penn/international-aid
TITLE: International Aid | Penn Admissions

Make Sure You Apply for Financial Aid by the Deadline!
Thinking of applying for aid as an international student?
International students
are
eligible for financial aid, but must apply for financial aid
at the same time
as they apply for admissions in order to be considered.
Requests for financial aid after being admitted as an international student cannot be considered.
View Financial Aid Deadlines >
We’re proud to say our commitment to making Penn affordable means international students
are
eligible to receive financial aid from Penn. Each year, Penn commits millions of dollars in undergraduate financial aid funds to support our international students. International students admitted as financial aid recipients will receive need-based aid that covers 100% of their demonstrated need, just like domestic students.
Need-Aware Policy
Financial aid policies for international applicants are a bit different from aid for domestic students. Penn is
need-aware
for international applicants, who are defined as non-citizens, and non-permanent residents of the United States, Canada, and Mexico. This means a family’s ability to pay
does
factor into admissions decisions.
International students considering applying for aid should carefully review whether requesting financial aid is the best choice for their situation. Because need does factor into international admissions decisions, candidates whose families have the financial means to afford education costs are discouraged from applying for financial aid. Penn will only admit financial aid candidates for whom we can commit to providing aid. Due to the limited funds available for international aid, this means that some otherwise qualified candidates may not be admitted to Penn.
Financial Aid Application Process
International students who want to be considered for financial aid must apply for it
at the same time
they apply for admissions.
Requests for financial aid after being admitted as an international student cannot be considered.
Please bear in mind that your financial aid decision applies to all four years (or eight semesters) of your undergraduate study. This means that international students who are not admitted with a financial aid package in their first year are
not eligible
to apply for financial aid at a later point in their studies. International applicants who anticipate the need for financial aid at any time during their four-year course of study must make this anticipated need known at the time of their application to be eligible for aid.
Students who wish to apply for financial aid should also refer to the specific additional requirements necessary for international applicants.
International students, including students from Mexico, should follow the
Checklist for International Students
on the Student Financial Services website.
Citizens and permanent residents of Canada must complete Penn's Financial Aid Application for Canadian Citizens and submit copies of both the student’s and parents' Canadian tax returns. Please follow the
Checklist for Canadian Citizens
on the Student Financial Services website.
Learn more about
International Student Financial Aid
and review the
Frequently Asked Questions for International Applicants