URL: https://admissions.upenn.edu/affording-penn/financial-aid
TITLE: Financial Aid | Penn Admissions

We are committed to making a Penn education accessible and affordable for all students, regardless of your financial circumstances. Our grant-based financial aid meets 100% of your demonstrated need
without
loans. That means it’s possible to graduate from Penn debt-free—with no strings attached.
Our Commitment to Affordability
Penn is a need-blind institution for citizens and permanent residents of the United States, Canada, and Mexico.
That means that we don’t consider your financial need when we make decisions about your admission. If you’re admitted to Penn, we’ll cover your demonstrated need—it’s as easy as that.
Penn is need-aware for international applicants and international students are eligible to receive financial aid.
That means international students
are
eligible for aid, but we
do
consider your financial need when we consider you for admission. Be sure to submit your financial aid application materials at the same time as your application to Penn.
All Penn financial aid awards are need-based, not merit based.
When you apply for financial aid, we determine how much financial assistance you and your family will need to cover the cost of attendance. In other words, your aid award is based on your family’s demonstrated financial need only. For this reason, Penn does not offer merit-based scholarships.
Your financial aid package
includes NO student loans
,
which means it’s made up of work-study earnings, grants, and scholarships that you don’t have to pay back. It also covers 100% of your demonstrated need.
The Quaker Commitment
At Penn, we mean it when we say our goal is to make education affordable for everyone. That’s why we rolled out the Quaker Commitment in 2025, an expansion of our undergraduate financial aid program designed to provide more support for middle- and lower-income families.
The
Quaker Commitment
makes
four guarantees to admitted students who apply for financial aid
:
Your financial aid package will meet 100% of your demonstrated need with no loans.
The value of your primary family home will not impact your financial aid eligibility.
If you make up to $200,000 with typical assets, your financial aid package is guaranteed to cover at minimum full tuition (and often more).
If you make under $75,000 with typical assets, your financial aid package is guaranteed to cover all billed expenses (tuition and fees, housing, and dining), and you will receive additional resources to ensure your equal access to opportunities on campus.
Through the Quaker Commitment, financial aid is accessible to more families than ever. And if your family makes over $200,000 annually? You should still consider applying for financial aid if you think your family needs it—your eligibility is based on your family’s entire financial situation, not just income.
Our Partners in College Access
We believe having a diverse student body enriches the educational experience of every student and broadens the leadership pipeline of our graduates. These partnerships are one way in which we aim to support highly talented students who may come from low-income, or underserved backgrounds.
College Track
College Track
(CT) empowers students from underserved communities to graduate from college through comprehensive academic support, leadership training, financial and college advising, and scholarships starting from the summer before 9th grade. Penn is committed to collaborating with CT to support their students so that they can enroll, thrive, and graduate.
Knowledge is Power Program (KIPP)
KIPP
is a national network of open-enrollment, college-preparatory public charter schools with a track record of preparing students in underserved communities for success in college and in life. KIPP was founded in Houston in 1994 and has grown to 162 schools serving more than 58,000 students in 20 states and Washington, D.C.  As KIPP’s first college partnership with an Ivy League institution, Penn projects enrolling 12-15 KIPP students each year. KIPP students who enroll at Penn support each other on their journey through college and enjoy a home base provided by the
Greenfield Intercultural Center
.
Maguire Scholars
Maguire Scholars
is a partnership with 19 higher education institutions to offer scholarship support for students in specific Philadelphia area high schools. Maguire Scholars partners with Faith in the Future, Mastery Charter School, St. Joseph's Preparatory School, Cristo Rey, Merion Mercy Academy, and AIM Academy.
QuestBridge
Penn partners with
QuestBridge
—an organization that shares Penn’s commitment to expanding economic diversity—to increase the number of highly talented students from low-income backgrounds in our community. Since 2008, more than 100 QuestBridge scholars have matched with Penn and have enrolled. Additional QuestBridge scholars were not matched but were admitted to Penn in the Regular Decision round. QuestBridge scholars who enroll at Penn have access to Penn’s local chapter, which strives to foster a stronger community among scholars throughout the University.
Learn more about applying to Penn through QuestBridge
Say Yes to Education
Founded by Penn alumnus and Trustee, George A. Weiss, W'65, the mission of Say Yes is to value and realize the potential of economically disadvantaged youth and families. Say Yes is committed to providing this support to at-risk children and their families, enabling them to graduate from high school, accomplish post-secondary educational success, and achieve meaningful life goals, including giving back to their communities.
Financial Aid on the Go
Financial Aid Brochure
Financial Aid Brochure - Spanish