URL: https://undergrad.wharton.upenn.edu/come-visit
TITLE: Come Visit - Undergraduate

Come Visit
We invite you to experience Penn’s dynamic community through a selection of in-person and online programs.
In-Person Programs
Penn Information Sessions:
Admissions staff will lead a discussion of the academic landscape and opportunities available to students. Then current students will lead you on a campus tour while sharing their personal experiences about life at Penn.
Wharton Information Sessions:
Join current student Wharton Ambassadors to learn more about the Wharton experience both inside and outside the classroom, including the curriculum, co-curricular opportunities, and campus resources. Presenters will speak from their own experiences and will leave plenty of time for questions.
Wharton Coffee Chats:
High school juniors and seniors have the opportunity to have a conversation with a current Wharton student in an informal setting. Learn more about life on campus and gain firsthand insight on what it means to be a Wharton student. Coffee Chats immediately follow Wharton in-person information sessions on select dates.
Registration is required
for all in-person programs. You can select the Wharton options when you
register for a campus visit
. Note that the fall-semester Wharton sessions are typically posted in September and spring sessions in January. No in-person sessions are offered in the summer.
Campus Tours
Student-Led Campus Tours:
Current Penn students will give you a first-hand glimpse into life on campus while touring you around Penn’s home in West Philadelphia.
Registration is required
.
Self-Guided Campus Tour:
Download the Adora Experiences app or text
Tour UPenn
to
58052
to explore Penn’s campus at your own pace. You can also follow along through a
printable self-guided tour
.
Please note that Wharton does not offer a separate tour.
Virtual Options
Wharton Virtual Information Sessions:
Join current students to learn more about the Wharton experience both inside and outside the classroom. This session will give you an overview of the curriculum, co-curricular opportunities, and resources. The students will share their personal stories and allow time to answer your questions. Note that the fall semester sessions are typically posted in September, spring sessions in January, and summer sessions in May.
Register for a Wharton virtual information session
.
Penn Admissions Virtual Information Sessions:
Penn Admissions staff will lead you in a live discussion on the academic landscape at Penn and the numerous opportunities available to students. This session will also provide insight on the application process and how best to prepare.
Register for an information session.
Student-Led Virtual Tours:
Current students will share their insider’s take on life at Penn via our virtual campus tour. Even if you’ve already taken a tour of campus, this interactive experience will highlight new aspects of campus life.
Register for a student-led virtual tour