URL: https://admissions.upenn.edu/how-to-apply
TITLE: How to Apply | Penn Admissions

Ready to apply? We’ll guide you through how to prepare your very best application. You’ll choose one of our four undergraduate schools to serve as your academic foundation: the College of Arts and Sciences, Penn Engineering, School of Nursing, or the Wharton School. But you’ll never be limited to
just one thing
. At Penn, you’ll have access to all our schools, and the freedom to design your own path. With all these possibilities, our admissions officers are excited to learn how YOU would
apply yourself
at Penn.
First-Year Applicants
Hooray, you're getting ready to apply to college! We're thrilled you're considering Penn.
If you’re looking for guidance on your application to Penn, the best place to get information is... from us: the people who read and get to know you through your application!
Learn More
International Applicants
Penn welcomes applications from students around the world, and we celebrate the unique perspectives that each international student brings to our vibrant community. In fact, over 100 countries are represented in our undergraduate population and about 1 in 5 of our Quakers have home addresses outside of the U.S.
Learn More
Transfer Applicants
Penn welcomes transfer students to join our community of thinkers and innovators. Each undergraduate school has specific guidelines and policies for transfer applicants. Learn more about how to choose the right program for you.
Learn More
Preparing Your Application
We’re here to make sure you have everything you need to put together an application that best represents your authentic self. Learn more about our comprehensive review process and tips for preparing each part of your application.
Learn More
Resources & Programs
We’ve created several resources and programs to help with your college search process. Enroll in our Applying to College 101 course, download our College Search Worksheets, or learn more about the Penn Early Exploration Program (PEEP).
Learn More
After You've Applied
Hooray, you’ve submitted your application to Penn! We truly appreciate the time you’ve taken to get to know us and share your achievements and goals with us. We know it can be nerve-wracking to wait
on
a decision, so we’re here to walk you through what’s happening on our end!
Learn More