URL: https://admissions.upenn.edu/how-to-apply/for-applicants
TITLE: After You've Applied | Penn Admissions

You’ve Applied… Now What?
Hooray, you’ve submitted your application to Penn! We truly appreciate the time you’ve taken to get to know us and share your achievements and goals with us. We know it can be nerve-wracking to wait
on
a decision, so we’re here to walk you through what’s happening on our end!
Your
applicant portal
is where you’ll be able to see which required
documents
we’ve received from you and any action you may need to take. You can access your portal via application-related emails you’ve received from us, which will contain a link to your portal. If you have questions about your application status, please check
there
first
before reaching out to us.
Step 1: Your Documents and Files are Processed
The very first thing we need to do is make sure we have all of the required components of your application. Some items, like letters of recommendation, arrive separately from the rest of your materials, so we keep track to make sure we have everything we need to properly evaluate your application.
There can be a delay between when a document is submitted and when that is reflected in your applicant portal. Don’t worry if an item you believe has been submitted isn’t reflected in your portal just yet!
There is no need to be concerned about documents still processing after the application deadline has passed. This is completely normal and has no negative impact on your application or evaluation.
Below we’ve outlined which materials we need at the application stage.
Submitted by you:
Your Common App, Coalition App, or
QuestBridge
application forms
Penn-specific essays and short answers
Submitted by your counselor and recommenders:
Official High School transcript
School report
Letters of recommendation
Please note:
Any financial aid documents should be submitted through the financial aid link in your applicant portal. Financial aid documents should
not
be submitted via
email, and
are processed separately from your application for admission.
Step 2: We’ll Read Your Application
Yes, we read every single application! Your application is cared for by a team of folks who have familiarity with your school and geographic region. We consider your context in our evaluation and understand what kinds of classes and opportunities may or may not be available to you.
Step 3: Submit Your Mid-Year Report
Your school counselor or another school official will need to complete and submit your mid-year school report when your grades become available. Your mid-year report should include your grades for the end of your first semester of 12th grade. If you have already completed high school by November/December and we already have your grades, you will not need to submit this.
Regular Decision or Early Decision Deferred applicants are required to submit mid-year reports as soon as mid-year grades are available, recommended by February 15, 2026.
Step 4:
You Receive Our Decision
If you’ve applied Early Decision, you should expect to hear from us in mid-December. If you’ve applied Regular Decision, you will hear from us in late March. All official admissions decisions are released through the applicant portal. You will receive one of four decisions from us:
Admitted
Congrats, this means you’ve been admitted to Penn! All you
have to
do now is accept your spot in the class
Deferred (Early Decision)
If you’ve applied early decision, you may receive a “deferred” decision from us. This means that you have not yet been admitted, but we would like to review your application again as a regular decision applicant
.
Deferred applicants are released from the binding commitment of early decision once they are moved to regular decision consideration.
Additional
information can be found in your applicant portal.
Waitlisted (Regular Decision)
You
have not yet been admitted to Penn, but we have placed you on the wait list. If space becomes available, we may offer you a spot in the class. If you’ve been placed on the wait list and are still interested in attending Penn, the best thing to do is follow the instructions that will be available in your applicant portal to accept your place on the wait list.
Not Admitted
Unfortunately, we have limited room in our class, and we have to turn away many incredible, qualified students. If you are not admitted, our decision is final for this application cycle regardless of whether you applied early decision or regular decision.
What About Financial Aid?
If you choose to apply for financial aid, please be aware this is a separate application. The best place to learn about the financial aid application is
our
Student Registration & Financial Services website
.
Any financial aid documents should be submitted through the financial aid link in your applicant portal
.
Financial aid documents should
not
be submitted via
email, and
are processed separately from your application for admission.