URL: https://admissions.upenn.edu/how-to-apply/transfer-applicants
TITLE: Transfer Applicants | Penn Admissions

Considering transferring to Penn? Your unique perspective is a valuable addition to our community, and we encourage you to apply if you feel that Penn aligns with your academic and personal needs. Penn is a community of people from all around the world, each with their own background and their own story. We are eager to hear about your interests, what challenges you've overcome, and what you hope to accomplish in the future.
When you apply to transfer to Penn, you apply directly into one of our four undergraduate schools—the College of Arts and Sciences, Penn Engineering, the School of Nursing, or the Wharton School. Transfer students have the exciting opportunity to explore a range of programs, and while coordinated dual-degree or specialized programs are not eligible, there's an exception for Digital Media Design.
As you consider our different schools, review all options to be sure that you're applying to the one that best matches your personal and academic goals. All four undergraduate schools are academically rigorous, and each have their own requirements and policies. Remember to make your choice carefully: once you are admitted to a specific school as a transfer applicant, you will not be able to transfer between schools.
As you begin your transfer application process, please refer to the resources below for each undergraduate school:
Transferring to the College of Arts and Sciences
Transferring to the School of Engineering
Transferring to the School of Nursing
Transferring to the Wharton School
Transferring to the College of Liberal and Professional Studies
Ready to apply?
Be sure to review the full list of
Transfer Application Requirements and Deadlines
.
Penn accepts both the
Common App
and the
Coalition Application
. We have no preference for either format and treat both applications equally in our process. We encourage you to review the features of each application format and use the platform that suits you best. Please submit only one application per admissions cycle and not mix-and-match across platforms.
Apply With Common App
Apply With the Coalition Application