URL: https://admissions.upenn.edu/how-to-apply/resources-programs/applying-to-college-101
TITLE: Applying to College 101 | Penn Admissions

Are you getting ready to apply to college?
Are you trying to understand where to even begin?
Are you looking for videos, resources, or workbooks to help you stay informed and organized during your application process?
At Penn, we believe higher education can benefit everyone, and we want to help you along your college admissions journey. Together with our friends at
Heights Philadelphia
, we've designed a course for
all
high school students across the nation—like you—who are interested in pursuing a college education. This course is designed to give you access to resources, tools, and insider tips to help you pave your own pathway to college. In it, we'll walk you through the different components of college applications, how to approach them, and how to evaluate different schools to determine if they're right for you.
This course is free and has no time limit or grades. Complete the entire course or explore one specific module. It exists to support
you
. We hope you find it useful, and encourage you to move at your own pace.
VIEW COURSE
Here's What This Course Covers
MODULE 1:
You're Applying to College! Where to Begin and Getting Organized
MODULE 2:
All About Financial Aid & Affording College
MODULE 3:
Why Your Stories Matter & Identifying Your College Goals
MODULE 4:
Researching Your College Options & Finding Your Best Fit
MODULE 5:
Preparing Your Application Materials
Applying to College 101 Workbook
Whether you explore our online course or just want a place to organize your interests and application ideas, we've created this downloadable workbook for you! In it, we will guide you through thinking about your own application — what are your interests and strengths? Who makes up your support team? We'll also provide checklists, guidelines, and other tools to strengthen your application.
This workbook is a companion to the
Applying to College 101
course on Coursera. If you're engaging in the course, there will be moments where you are pointed to activities in the workbook. The activities in the workbook each connect to lessons in the course and offer another opportunity to deepen your learning. They also allow you to apply what you're learning to help prepare your own applications, while keeping a record of all your work!
Applying to College 101 Workbook