URL: https://admissions.upenn.edu/how-to-apply/international-applicants
TITLE: International Applicants | Penn Admissions

Penn welcomes applications from students around the world, and we celebrate the unique perspectives that each international student brings to our vibrant community. In fact, over 100 countries are represented in our undergraduate population and about 1 in 5 of our Quakers have home addresses outside of the U.S.
Here, you’ll have the opportunity to learn with professors who are leaders in their fields, forge meaningful connections with students who share a passion for learning and receive the support you need to thrive at Penn as an international student.
Our
International Student and Scholar Services (ISSS) is dedicated to supporting our international students from figuring out immigration, to settling in on campus, to finding work after graduation
.
Penn’s campus is nestled in the heart of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
—or as any true Philadelphian affectionately calls it—Philly. Explore the nation’s first capital—a city with growing global communities and historical impact.
INTERNATIONAL APPLICANT GUIDELINES
International Applicant FAQs
Is the application process the same for international students as domestic students?
Our application process is the same for domestic and international applicants. Penn accepts the Common App, the Coalition Application, and the QuestBridge Application. All applicants, regardless of citizenship, submit one of these applications.
What transcripts are required if my secondary school is only 3 years of study?
Please have your school provide complete official academic records for all grade levels included in your school’s secondary/high school structure.
Will my immigration status impact the application process?
Each student’s application, regardless of citizenship and permanent residency status, is evaluated based on the location of the high school they are currently attending and our
application process and requirements
are the same for all applicants. Citizenship and permanent residency will affect
financial aid
, however.
What are Penn’s A-Level/IB requirements?  Are there specific classes that must be taken or score requirements for admittance?
We practice a
Comprehensive Review Process
at Penn, which means we consider your entire context when we review your application. For this reason, w
e do not have explicit course requirements or minimum test score requirements for admittance. Generally, we like to see that you're taking advantage of rigorous courses offered at your school and that you're
well-prepared for the program to which you're applying
.
Will Penn accept my predicted scores/how are they used in the review process?
Yes, if your final exam scores are not yet available, please have your school provide us with predicted scores to use in our review of your academic records. Visit
Preparing Your Application
to learn more about our review process.
Are international students required to have records translated?
Yes, please ensure that we receive a certified translations of any of your application materials which are not originally printed in English.
Do international applicant transcripts need to be evaluated or recalculated by a third party agency?
No, international transcripts do not need to be evaluated by a third party and applicants grades, GPAs, and test scores should
not
be recalculated.
How do I have official test scores submitted?
English proficiency test scores should be submitted by the
testing agency
which administered your test. We accept
TOEFL
,
IELTS
, and the
Duolingo English Test
.
National and international external examinations should be submitted by either
your school or the appropriate testing agency
. These may include
International Baccalaureate
,
Cambridge Advanced (International AS & A Level) exam grades, and Cambridge AICE Diploma
What scores are needed on the TOEFL/IELTS/Duolingo exam?
The
TOEFL iBT
(Internet-Based Test) is scored on a scale from 0 to 120. Competitive applicants tend to have a composite score of 100 or above with demonstrated consistency across the four sections of the exam (reading, listening, speaking, and writing). Penn looks at the results of an applicant’s most recent TOEFL exam, not MyBest scores.
The
IELTS exam
is scored on a scale from 0 to 9. Competitive applicants tend to have an overall band score of 7 or above with demonstrated consistency across the four sections of the exam (listening, reading, writing, and speaking).
The
Duolingo English Test
is scored on a scale from 10-160. Competitive applicants should have an overall score of 130 or above with demonstrated consistency across the subsections of the test.
How long are English proficiency test scores valid?
TOEFL, IELTS, and Duolingo English Test scores are valid for two years from the date of the exam.  If your scores will expire prior to the application deadline, please retake any of the listed exams so that we have valid scores to use in our review process.
Are there substitutions available for English proficiency testing?
A strong command of the English language is necessary for successful study at Penn. Applicants who meet one or both of the criteria below are considered proficient in English.
English is the applicant’s native language.
English has been the applicant’s primary language of instruction for the duration of high school.
If neither of these statements is true, applicants are required to take the TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo English Test to demonstrate English proficiency.