URL: https://admissions.upenn.edu/how-to-apply/preparing-your-application/testing
TITLE: Testing | Penn Admissions

Penn applicants are required to submit the SAT or ACT for the 2025-26 application cycle. Applicants who face hardship in meeting this requirement can submit a waiver instead. This applies to all first-year, domestic, international, homeschooled, transfer, and QuestBridge applicants.
Applicants may self-report test scores at the time of their application. We use standardized testing as part of our comprehensive review process to gain more insight into the academic preparation of our applicants. These tests represent only one component in our dynamic admissions process in combination with other academic and non-academic factors.
For more information on our updated testing policy, please view our
announcement in the Penn Admissions Blog
and our
FAQs about Testing
.
SAT and ACT Testing Deadlines (2025-2026 Admissions Cycle)
Dates below represent the final month during which eligible tests can be taken. For instance, if you are applying Early Decision, you may submit scores for SAT tests taken during the month of November. Scores for tests taken after these dates may not be received in time for consideration.
To ensure we receive your test scores in a timely manner, please select Penn as an institution you would like your scores sent to.
Test
Early Decision
Regular Decision
Transfer Decision
Latest SAT Test Date
November 2025
December 2025
March 2026
Latest ACT Test Date
October 2025
December 2025
February 2026
Testing codes:
SAT: 2926
ACT: 3732
TOEFL: 2926
The SAT and ACT
There is no minimum score required to apply to Penn. We understand that standardized testing only provides a fraction of insight into your academic performance, and through our comprehensive review process, we consider multiple factors to determine your preparedness for Penn.
No preference is given to the SAT or the ACT. If an applicant submits both tests, we will pay attention to the higher score from either test.
The College Board and ACT provide free resources that can help you prepare for the exams.
Learn more about
preparing for the SAT.
Learn more about
preparing for the ACT.
Score Choice
Although we permit applicants to use
Score Choice
to discern which score reports you want to submit, we encourage students to submit their entire testing history for both ACT and SAT exams to provide more context and to avoid inaccuracies.
If you submit multiple sets of test scores, we will combine your highest Evidenced-Based Reading and Writing with your highest Math score in either format to calculate a superscore.
Superscoring
For the SAT, we will combine your highest Evidenced-Based Reading and Writing with your highest Math score across multiple tests to calculate a superscore.
For the ACT, we consider the highest individual English, Math, and Reading scores across multiple tests to calculate a composite superscore. The Science section is not required for students who choose to submit the ACT.
If you are self-reporting exams from multiple dates to create your superscore, then we expect you to provide official reports for each test that contributes to your superscore prior to enrollment in line with our self-reported testing policy.
Testing Waiver
Applicants who have
not
taken the SAT or ACT and experience hardship in meeting this requirement may submit a testing waiver when completing the application. In lieu of submitting testing information, applicants will be asked to share the nature of their hardship (such as lack of test center availability, financial hardship, natural disaster or civil unrest). Once submitted, the testing requirement is automatically waived.
Please note, applicants who have taken standardized testing are
required
to submit their scores. Should we receive reported or self-reported SAT or ACT scores, those scores will supersede your waiver and we will use this information in our review process.
Self-Reported Scores
Applicants have the option of self-reporting their SAT and ACT scores when they apply—with some exceptions:
Recruited athletes are required to submit official testing through the appropriate testing agency or University-approved source.
Prior to enrollment, admitted students who submitted self-reported test scores on the application are required to submit official test scores to Penn.
To self-report your scores, use the testing section of the Common App, the Coalition Application, or QuestBridge Application.
To ensure accurate “super scoring” (recognizing the highest composite score across multiple sittings), we recommend you self-report each test you have taken to select the highest score in each section.
You may also self-report your scores directly through your Penn Applicant Portal once your application is received.
English Language Proficiency Testing
A strong command of the English language is essential for successful study at Penn. If you meet one or both criteria below, we consider you proficient in English:
English is your native language.
English has been your primary language of instruction for the duration of high school.
If neither of these statements is true, we require the TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo English Test to demonstrate your English proficiency. Please note that Penn does not currently accept the IELTS Indicator exam or MyBest scores for the TOEFL.
To learn about the TOEFL, IELTS, and Duolingo English Test and to register for the examinations, please visit the websites below. Penn's school code for the TOEFL is 2926.
TOEFL
IELTS
Duolingo English Test
Be sure to designate Penn as a recipient university each time you register for an examination. If you have already taken a test but did not designate Penn as a score recipient, please do so afterwards.
Penn does not accept self-reported scores for English proficiency examinations at this time. Any student required to submit English-language proficiency exams must have official results for their TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo English Test sent to the Office of Undergraduate Admissions through official testing agencies to be considered with a student's application.