URL: https://undergrad.wharton.upenn.edu/story/undergrad-still-deciding-wants-business-education-thats-okay
TITLE: This undergrad is still deciding what she wants to do with her business education – and that’s okay! - Undergraduate

The great thing about Wharton is that it allows you to explore different interests and activities. By no means do you need to come to college already having your future planned out.
3 best things about Wharton and Penn
The people – I’ve never been surrounded by such a motivated, curious, and fun group of people.
You’ll never be bored – whether it’s extra-curriculars, events, or exploring the city, both Penn and Philly have so much to offer.
Opportunities to combine education and travel – from study abroad semesters, to Wharton International Program trips, to Wharton Leadership Ventures, there are so many ways to learn about the business world in other geographic and cultural regions. For instance, I traveled to San Francisco over Winter Break to gain insight into the tech industry, and I went to Thailand over the summer to learn about the business environment there!
Favorite class
MGMT 240: Group Dynamics
increases knowledge of what makes teams work and teaches the fundamentals of group facilitation. The class is super interactive and you get to know your classmates so well by the end of the semester. I also loved how all the concepts could be applied beyond the classroom setting and in one’s daily life.
What makes Penn and Wharton special
The diversity of thought – people are willing to speak their minds and I’ve learned so much from listening to different opinions and perspectives.
Something unexpected that I learned at Penn/Wharton
The importance of asking questions. The best way to learn about the world and genuinely get to know people for who they are is to stay open-minded and curious.
What I want to do with my business education
Still deciding – and that’s okay! The great thing about Wharton is that it allows you to explore different interests and activities. By no means do you need to come to college already having your future planned out.
Posted: January 26, 2018
Community
Curriculum
Electives
International Learning Opportunities
Philadelphia
Student Profiles
The Wharton School
Undergrad
Undergraduate Program
Jillian Li
Hometown
Toronto, Ontario
Concentrations
Finance, Management
Typical Day at a Glance
9:00am
Attempt to wake up and get ready for class
10:00am
Actually wake up and get ready for class
11:00am
Class:
FREN 214: Advanced Composition and Conversation
12:00pm
Class:
CIS 110: Introduction to Computer Science
1:00pm
Lunch at Sweetgreen or Chipotle
1:30pm
Class:
MGMT 101: Introduction to Management
3:00pm
TAing for my Wharton 101 recitation group
4:00pm
Go to Huntsman Hall to study
5:30pm
Wharton 101 TA meeting
6:30pm
Get dinner with friends
7:30pm
Go to Saxby’s to study
10:00pm
Watch a few episodes of Friends on Netflix
Related Content
Read More Stories
InstaHub: Automating Energy Savings
Spending a Summer in Singapore To Conduct Social Impact Research
Undergrad Reflects on Recruiting Process: Part 4, The Choice
What This Undergrad Learned about Her Leadership Style While Sailing in the Caribbean
From Cow Penning to Penn: How This Undergraduate Found His Community
How This Wharton Undergraduate Traveled to Turkey and Greece
Studying Finance in Dubai
A Student Leader Finds a Welcoming Community at Penn and Wharton
In Celebration of Hispanic Heritage Month, Wharton’s Latinx Community Comes Together
Why I Decided to Turn My Urban Analytics Fellowship into a Thesis and Full-Time Job
Undergrads “Trek” for Business and Social Impact Through Turner Social Impact Society
Bringing the Wharton Experience to High Schoolers Around the World
Social Impact Fellows Examine the Ins and Outs of Impact Investing
Undergrad Says Arrivederci to Direct Paths and Buongiorno to Blazing Her Own
Helping Undergrads Navigate Industry Recruiting