URL: https://undergrad.wharton.upenn.edu/story/students-get-involved-with-social-impact-this-semester
TITLE: Students, Get Involved With Social Impact This Semester - Undergraduate

Learn about student programming, events, and other ways to get involved with the Wharton Social Impact Initiative for the Spring 2021 semester.
Penn and Wharton students: Learn more about the intersection of social impact and business, virtually! From programs with the Wharton Social Impact Initiative, online events with industry experts, diverse courses, and more, here are a few opportunities to explore this semester.
1. Apply for the Jacobs Impact Entrepreneur Prize
First-year MBAs, do you have plans to launch or expand your social enterprise? The
Jacobs Impact Entrepreneur Prize
can help power your education-related startup. Three awardees will receive funding ($5K–$50K) to sustain the development of their venture, connect with a global network of supporters and advisors, access professional development, and more.
Apply by February 1.
2. Take Social Impact Courses at Wharton
It’s not too late to sign up for a class! If you’re interested in social impact, Wharton offers numerous courses that will help you understand and tackle many of the most pressing social and environmental challenges in the world.
We’ve highlighted just a few of the many courses available
, or you can
check out our full listing of social impact courses
offered this semester and beyond.
3. Become a Wharton Social Impact Assistant
Passionate about social impact and business? Looking for valuable, cross-functional experience? Wharton Social Impact Initiative is seeking a highly organized and detail-oriented undergraduate
work-study eligible
student to support its general operations. In addition to working with the whole Wharton Social Impact team, you’ll also attend special virtual activities hosted by WSII, including speaker series, trainings, and group meetings. This is an opportunity to work closely with social impact practitioners and faculty and to learn about the field.
Apply now
.
4. Attend Virtual Coffee Chats
Over the last year, we had engaging discussions about impact investing and responsible business with special guest speakers. We heard from Radhika Shroff (Managing Director, Impact Investing Private Equity at Nuveen), Joe Lipscomb (Co-Founder and Partner at Arborview Capital), and Gayle Jennings O’Byrne and Pialy Aditya (Co-Founders and General Partners at WOCstar Fund). We’ll send you updates throughout the year as other industry experts join us in conversation.
Sign up
to be in the loop on events.
5. Listen to the
Dollars and Change
Podcast
Have you checked out our podcast,
Dollars and Change
? Grab your headphones and a coffee, and catch up on episodes with leading industry experts who are changing the world through social enterprises, impact investing, corporate social responsibility programs, social impact research, and more. Recent guests include leaders from Google, Vital Farms, Ford Foundation, Adasina Social Capital, and more.
6. Sign Up for our Student Email List
As you may have guessed from our other ways to get involved above, opportunities like paid positions and virtual events pop up throughout the semester. If you haven’t already done so, take a minute to
sign up
for our student-specific list. You’ll not only get our monthly newsletter that shares general social impact updates, but you’ll also receive information tailored specifically (and exclusively!) for Penn/Wharton students.
Visit the
Wharton Social Impact
website for more ways to stay connected.
— Nisa Nejadi
Posted: January 19, 2021
Entrepreneurship
Industry
MBA
Network
Nontraditional
Social Impact
Students
Undergrad
Wharton Social Impact Initiative
Student Programs
Our mission is to strengthen the role of business in creating a more inclusive, equitable, and sustainable global economy. To develop the talent for tomorrow’s social impact, our
programs
give students the skills and training opportunities to effect smart and savvy change through business.
Related Content
Read More Stories
Wharton Sophomores’ New Gender Balance Consulting Club Is the First of Its Kind
Prof. Nancy Rothbard on the Interactions of Work and Life and Her New Role as Management Chair
Wharton Asia Exchange: Bridging Cultures, Building Businesses
Black Wharton: Empowering Excellence at Penn
How a Student-Athlete Built Relationships at Wharton
Undergraduates Tackle Real Media Industry Challenges During This Year’s HuntsmanHacks
Penn Wharton China Summit Brings Industry Leaders from China to Campus
This Sachs Award Winning Undergrad Is Exploring New Ways to Experience Art and Music
Why These Wharton Students Stayed Involved with Social Impact Remotely
Top Spots for Wharton Grads to Take Graduation Photos on Penn’s Campus
Finding the Rhythm Behind Business Fundamentals
WCAI Datathon Student Finalists Present Their Data Findings to Evite
How Internships and Classes Helped This Undergrad Find Her Interests
Fig Loans: Building a Bridge to Good Credit
Global Modular Course Immerses Wharton EMBA Students in the ‘Startup Nation’ of Israel