URL: https://undergrad.wharton.upenn.edu/story/a-wharton-undergraduate-leadership-odyssey-in-patagonia
TITLE: A Wharton Undergraduate Leadership Odyssey in Patagonia - Undergraduate

“Many of my Wharton professors come from backgrounds rooted in real-world business experiences and thus they teach from real-world examples. The Leadership Venture was an opportunity to expand on Wharton’s other real-world opportunities.” – Jacob Pollack, W’25
In the rugged wilderness of Patagonia’s  Cerro Castillo of Chile, Wharton junior Jacob Pollack embarks on a journey that transcends physical borders by delving into the realms of leadership, resilience, and self-discovery. Hosted by
Wharton’s McNulty Leadership Ventures,
this trek evolved into a transformative experience that reshaped Pollack’s perspective on both leadership and life.
The Wharton Catalyst
Pollack, originally from Millburn, New Jersey, joined Wharton to merge his passion for Cinema Studies with a keen interest in economics and management. He discovered a unique blend of theory and practice at Wharton.
“What Wharton does well is innumerable in the grand scheme of a business education,” says Pollack. “But my favorite part is arguably the practicality of all my Wharton learnings. Many of my Wharton professors come from backgrounds rooted in real-world business experiences and thus they teach from real-world examples. The Leadership Venture was an opportunity to expand on Wharton’s other real-world opportunities”
Pollack and team trek through Chile’s Patagonia mountain range. (Image: Jacob Pollack)
A rigorous test of leadership and teamwork, the students landed in Chile and almost immediately began to navigate challenging terrains, accompanied by guides well-versed in cartography and the geography of the region. The guides were on-hand to assist with any urgent medical interventions, but only if the students found themselves in a true emergency situation.
“This independence, out in the elements and with only each other on whom to rely, really tested me as a leader,” Pollack says. “We weren’t babysat. We had to work together as a team, whether it was dealing with maps, compass, GPS, or making sure everyone’s healthy and safe.”
Pollack takes a dive in one of Patagonia’s freezing cold glacial lakes. (Image: Jacob Pollack)
One particular moment of test for Pollack’s group occurred when they lost their way on the last treks of the trip, turning a routine hike into a grueling ordeal.
“It was a rough day because we spent so much effort trying to get on track and we never really did,” says Pollack. But underlying this challenge lay the opportunity for even stronger camaraderie amongst the trekkers, thus setting the stage for their ultimate triumph: summiting one of the highest peaks of the entire Cerro Castillo mountain range.
Pollack (far left) and his fellow Wharton students smile after a successful descent through Cerro Castillo. (Image: Jacob Pollack)
This achievement, as Jacob puts it, remains “one of the proudest things I’ve ever done.”
Inspiring Future Journeys
The trek not only honed Jacob’s leadership skills but also ignited his passion for global exploration. Post Patagonia, Jacob ventured to Buenos Aires for an internship at a local tech startup, further honing his Spanish language skills and obtaining business-level fluency. Later, he again returned to South America to explore Brazil and other exciting locales.
“The program really rejuvenated my interest in hiking, backpacking, and exploring the world,” says Pollack. “All of these subsequent experiences were direct outcomes of the confidence and curiosity sparked by Chile during the time I spent there with Wharton.”
Post-Chile, Pollack embarked on further adventures in South America. Here, he is pictured at the Perito Moreno glacier in Argentina, an excursion undertaken on a weekend away from Buenos Aires. (Image: Jacob Pollack)
More than a physical challenge, Pollack defines his time in Patagonia as a profound lesson in leadership and self-discovery. “Being a leader in the wilderness builds character,” he reflects. According to Pollack, the skills he developed include adaptability, teamwork, and decision-making. After so much personal growth undertaken during this pivotal period in Pollack’s life, he is certain that his Patagonia Leadership Venture will continue to be invaluable in his future endeavors, both personal and professional.
–
Grace Meredith
Posted: December 19, 2023
Interdisciplinary
International
International Learning Opportunities
Leadership
Philadelphia
Student Profiles
Students
The Wharton School
Undergrad
Undergraduate Program
Learn more about Wharton’s
McNulty Leadership Ventures
Wharton students trekking through the Cerro Castillo mountain chain of Chile’s Patagonia range. (Image: McNulty Leadership Ventures)
Hosted by Wharton’s acclaimed
McNulty Leadership Program
, the School’s Leadership Ventures are co-curricular experiential learning opportunities designed to bring participants into remote and unfamiliar environments where they can learn through experience by confronting challenges, solving problems, and leading teams.
What will interested students encounter in Patagonia?
Key topics such as leadership and fellowship, group decision-making processes, stages of group development, and managing ambiguity are explored using daily events as the foundation for learning. Students are expected to act decisively and take accountability for the outcomes of their decisions.
During the trek, students are immersed in an area characterized by lush forests, clear rivers, colorful lakes, and sharp peaks. This specific area offers navigation challenges requiring strategy, cooperation, and backpacking skills.
Participants will traverse to elevation at its highest point of 4,600 ft. On the final day of the expedition, participants have the chance to draw on the unique leadership lessons through an on-the-ground course called “Art of Natural Horsemanship,” led by a Patagonian Gaucho who translates a cultural tradition passed down by generations of the people who live in this region.
Related Content
Read More Stories
Wharton Welcomes All to Get Out the Vote at Penn
Helping Undergrads Navigate Industry Recruiting
Do What You Enjoy: Recent Wharton Graduate Shares What Kept Him Grounded
How the Summer Program for Undergraduate Research Helped This Undergrad Discover Passion for Real Estate Finance
From Tom Brady to Philly’s Soda Tax: Prof. Diana Robertson Brings Real-World Business Ethics into the Classroom
A Wharton Undergrad Combines Business, Technology, and Harry Potter
Wharton’s Matt Fallon Clinches Spot on U.S. Olympic Team
3 Lessons This Undergrad Learned from Arts and Entertainment Leaders in Los Angeles
Building and Nurturing a Community of Social Entrepreneurs to Change the Status Quo for Good
Wharton Asia Exchange: Bridging Cultures, Building Businesses
Top Spots for Wharton Grads to Take Graduation Photos on Penn’s Campus
Undergrads Discuss Asian Identity and Biases at Community Forum
Undergrad Reflects on Recruiting: Part 2, Elevator Pitch
Why These Wharton Students Stayed Involved with Social Impact Remotely
Improving Wellness at Wharton One Pitch at a Time