URL: https://undergrad.wharton.upenn.edu/story/creativity-innovation-drive-undergrad
TITLE: How Creativity and Innovation Drive This Undergrad - Undergraduate

Nick Boccardi expected to learn about business at Wharton, but he also learned how to be innovative. “I never used to think of myself as a creative person. I think that was largely because I defined creative as artistic,” he said. “Through my coursework and extracurricular involvement I’ve discovered that I am a creative problem solver, something that will help me in any business setting.”
3 best things about Wharton
Micro-communities — There are always ways to meet people with common interests or new backgrounds.
Innovation — Penn pushes the boundaries of what is possible. Faculty members do research in a variety of fields and are the leading experts in those fields. Students can work with professors on different research projects or pursue their own research and academic interests.
Experiential Learning — For example, in a marketing class, you might work in small teams to consult for a Fortune 500 company on the launch of a new product.
What I want to do with my business education
Growing up playing a lot of video games and tinkering with electronics, I can see myself having a happy career working with consumer electronics. The great thing about a business education is that it you can apply the knowledge to many different industries.
Favorite place on campus
My favorite place on campus is the Rodin Rooftop Lounge. Each of the three high-rise buildings has a rooftop lounge on the 25th floor. There are glass windows from the ceiling to the floor with a beautiful panoramic view of Center City Philadelphia. Students use the rooftop lounge as a quiet study space.
Favorite Class
My favorite class was “The Literature of Success: Ethical and Historical Perspectives” with Professor G. Richard Shell in the Legal Studies and Business Ethics department. The course aims to answer two questions: What does success mean to me? How can I achieve my definition of success? The whole college experience is a journey of self-discovery, but this class does an excellent job of guiding you in the right direction – whatever that means for you!
Favorite Activity
My favorite activity is the Wharton undergraduate cohort system, which I joined as a freshman and now serve as co-chair. The cohort system creates smaller communities within and among class years.
Posted: June 20, 2016
Clusters and Cohorts
Community
Curriculum
Entrepreneurship
Entrepreneurship & Innovation
Philadelphia
Student Profiles
Undergrad
Undergraduate Program
Nick Boccardi
Hometown
Monroe Township, NJ
Concentration
OPIM, Statistics, Finance
Day at a Glance
8:15 am
Get up and get ready for class
9:00
Attend finance class
10:30
Co-chair meeting with Jenna and Michael (Cohort Advisors) and Jason (my co-chair) to talk about Cohorts and strategize for the week’s events
11:30
Stop by Admissions Office on my way to the to my engineering statistics lecture at noon. Make sure the tour shifts for the week are properly staffed and take care of a few tasks on my own time.
12:00 pm
Attend class in engineering quad
1:30
Grab lunch and head to office hours for my OPIM class (data analytics).
3:00
Go back to Rodin College House. Stop by the House office to pick up event flyers to hang up on my hall. Study in my room or the rooftop lounge
6:00
Grab dinner with some of the RAs and GAs in Rodin at the dining hall
8:00
Weekly RA and GA staff meeting!
10:00
Tower Hour (Rodin’s biweekly study break). Grab some food and hang out with friends in Rodin
11:00
Do some homework and go to sleep
Related Content
Read More Stories
From the Classroom to the Community: ABCS Course Helps Philly File Taxes
Navigating Wharton with the Leadership Compass
Undergrads Discuss Asian Identity and Biases at Community Forum
Communicating Communication: An Undergrad’s Experience as a TA
A Wharton Undergraduate Leadership Odyssey in Patagonia
An Undergrad on How ‘Everyone Chooses a Different Path to Graduation’
Creating Space for Creativity: Wharton’s IDEATHON 2020
Lessons From Prof. Samir Nurmohamed’s Research on Motivation, Underdogs, and Storytelling
Wharton Women: “Girls Supporting Girls”
A Step at a Time: From Cotopaxi to Antisana
Application Tips from the MBA Admissions Committee
The Rise and Future of E-sports: 3 Insights from President of Philadelphia Fusion Tucker Roberts
How Wharton Helped This Student Be Their Authentic Self
Leading Conversations on Diversity & Inclusion with Wharton Staff
At Wharton, Three Students of Asian Heritage Found An Abundance of Community