URL: https://undergrad.wharton.upenn.edu/story/3-lessons-this-undergrad-learned-from-arts-and-entertainment-leaders-in-los-angeles
TITLE: 3 Lessons This Undergrad Learned from Arts and Entertainment Leaders in Los Angeles - Undergraduate

Erin Lomboy, W’21, shares takeaways from the Wharton Industry Exploration Program to Los Angeles on how students can make the most of their resources and look beyond traditional career paths.
After leaving the country for the first time on a
Wharton International Program (WIP)
to Italy last spring, I wanted to find more amazing opportunities to learn outside of the classroom. Wharton offers a plethora of these experiences and this year, along with 39 other students, I spent my spring break in Los Angeles on a
Wharton Industry Exploration Program (WIEP)
. This trip provided insight into the arts, media, and entertainment industries through panels, presentations, keynotes, and a case competition. We learned about trends and shifts in the industry, with topics ranging from the Disney-Fox merger to the rise of streaming services, from senior managers and alumni at The Walt Disney Company, Paramount Pictures, Sony Pictures, Warner Bros., Lionsgate, and more.
Here are three pieces of advice echoed across all of the visits:
The Team Disney Building at The Walt Disney Company visit.
1. Follow Your Interests
During an alumni panel at The Walt Disney Company, Corporate Decision Support Analyst
Katarina Dyakova, W’18
, advised us to: “Follow your interests, don’t follow the crowd.”
Every leader we met throughout the week spoke passionately about their jobs.
Stefan Litt, W’89
, CFO of Sony Pictures Entertainment, Inc., gets paid to talk about topics he said he would normally enjoy talking about. At Paramount Pictures,
Zoe Lazaro, W’18
, talked about working in finance for film and how “it’s much more fun to run numbers on movies than other products.”
It was eye-opening to see so many Wharton graduates working the business behind entertainment. These leaders are proof that unconventional career paths are achievable and that success looks different to different people.
2. Leverage the Alumni Network
Jon Penn, C’97
, CEO of National Research Group (NRG), said: “Reach out and don’t be afraid to ask for alumni interviews.”
The alumni explained how building networks have positively impacted their career journeys in the media and entertainment industry. They suggested reaching out to alumni for informational interviews, which are quick and powerful ways to gain insight into potential career options. Like many of my fellow students, I am undecided on where I want to work after college. This resource can help me learn about certain positions and determine if I am interested in a company’s culture.
The importance of strong networks is not limited to media and entertainment. In today’s job market, more and more professionals are changing careers and industries, which makes a diverse and substantial network a key asset. The first step to building your network can be as easy as sending a quick email to ask an alumnus for an informational interview.
3. Understand the Importance of Soft Skills
When asked about how to make the most of your undergraduate experience,
Jay Levine, W’02, WG’07
, executive vice president of TV business strategy & digital services at Warner Bros., suggested taking as many different classes as possible.
As students, we often put a lot of emphasis on the tangible skills we learn in class. While the ability to perform an NPV analysis and accurately interpret financial statements is necessary for any finance role, soft skills are just as integral to success. During a Walt Disney Company panel,
Meghan Maro, WG’09
, said the group work and collaboration skills from courses such as
Management 101
are long-lasting resources that she draws on daily.
Other professionals referenced group projects and presentations as a way to improve these talents and best prepare for the workforce. A key takeaway from this trip is that the skills you develop while learning class concepts are just as important as the concepts themselves. Whatever job or industry we find ourselves in, whether that be investment banking, retail, or consulting, teams are a daily and integral part of almost all career paths.
WIEP program participants at the Viacom company visit.
I highly recommend that every student take advantage of at least one of the many immersion resources that Wharton offers. After experiencing WIP and WIEP, I plan to look into other opportunities such as
Wharton Leadership Ventures
or
Global Modular Courses
. This WIEP trip helped me discover my passion for the media and entertainment industry. The most important lesson wasn’t the diverse metrics that determine the fate of sequels, the monopolistic power of franchises, or even the difference between closed and open networks — it was the realization that there are infinite options after graduation.
Litt’s suggestion to “take a swing at it” if you’re passionate about something has motivated me to look beyond traditional options and pursue a career that is a perfect fit for me. As a result of this WIEP trip, I’ll be taking all I have learned with me as I follow my interests.
— Erin Lomboy, W’21
Posted: April 30, 2019
Alumni
Driving Insights
Network
Nontraditional
Philadelphia
Student Profiles
The Wharton School
Undergrad
The Wharton School
Erin Lomboy, W’21
Hometown:
Atglen, PA
Concentrations:
considering a dual concentration in
Marketing
and
Accounting
Minor:
English
Activities:
Chair of the
Wharton Undergraduate Media and Entertainment Club (UME)
, Penn Flutes, Spoon University,
Wharton Women
A Day in the Life of Erin
7:30am
Wake up and eat breakfast
9:00am
Strategic Cost Analysis class
10:30am
Work in Wharton Marketing & Communications Dept.
3:00pm
Consumers, Firms, & Markets class
4:30pm
Study or read by bio pond
6:00pm
Dinner with friends
7:00pm
UME committee meeting
8:00pm
Watch Survivor
9:30pm
Work out
10:30pm
Study or work on homework
12:00am
Bedtime
Related Content
Read More Stories
A Wharton Undergrad Combines Business, Technology, and Harry Potter
Why These Wharton Students Stayed Involved with Social Impact Remotely
How I Found My Social Impact Path at Penn — and How You Can Find Yours
Social Impact, Swimming, and Business: How This Wharton Senior Juggles Her Eclectic Passions
Undergraduate to Cycle World’s Highest Volcano to Raise Funds for Cycling Access
Not All Business: How Passion Projects Help Wharton Undergrads Pursue Non-academic Interests
Why I Decided to Turn My Urban Analytics Fellowship into a Thesis and Full-Time Job
Top Spots for Wharton Grads to Take Graduation Photos on Penn’s Campus
Global Modular Course Immerses Wharton EMBA Students in the ‘Startup Nation’ of Israel
Making a Tangible Impact through Snider Consulting
How (Not) to Plan a Case Competition in 30 Days
Two Native American Undergraduates Thrive at Wharton and in Business Education
Predicting Random Forest Fires in California
A Step at a Time: From Cotopaxi to Antisana
New Vice Dean on Fearless Students and Undergrad Business Education