URL: https://undergrad.wharton.upenn.edu/story/7-ways-for-students-to-get-involved-with-social-impact-this-semester
TITLE: 7 Ways for Students to Get Involved With Social Impact This Semester - Undergraduate

Learn about student programming, events, and other ways to get involved with the Wharton Social Impact Initiative for the Spring 2020 semester.
Penn and Wharton students: Start the new decade by learning more about the intersection of social impact and business. From exciting programs with the Wharton Social Impact Initiative, events with industry experts, diverse courses, and more, here are a few opportunities to explore this semester.
1. WISE Fellowship
Make meaningful social impact with this
paid research and consulting fellowship
. WISE Fellows will work with the Philadelphia Zoo, Penn Medicine, WIRED (an impact investing database), and more this semester. WSII is recruiting new Fellows for three of those projects —
explore open projects and apply by January 27
.
2. Jacobs Impact Entrepreneur Prize
First-year MBAs, do you have plans to launch or expand your social enterprise? The
Jacobs Impact Entrepreneur Prize
can help power your education-focused startup. Three awardees will receive funding ($5K–$50K) to sustain the development of their venture, connect with a global network of supporters and advisors, and travel to Switzerland for a weeklong networking and learning session.
Learn more and apply by February 1.
3. Social Impact Courses at Wharton
It’s not too late to sign up for a class! Wharton offers numerous courses that will help you understand and tackle many of the most pressing social and environmental challenges in the world.
We’ve highlighted just a few of the many courses available
, including
Prof. Katherine Klein
’s Knowledge for Social Impact, a class that examines two critical challenges in the U.S. today: 1) barriers to college access and completion, and 2) recidivism and barriers to employment following incarceration. This class is open to students across Penn, not just Wharton students.
4. WSII Bendheim Externship with Firework Ventures
Firework Ventures (a new venture capital fund) is seeking one grad student to help build their fund. Advances in automation, digitalization, and AI are changing the economy at a rapid pace. Firework Ventures — co-led by Ashley Bittner, a Wharton MBA alum and current
WSII Bendheim Fellow
— sees this as an opportunity, and invests in entrepreneurs helping people thrive in this changing economy by focusing on the “human side” of the future of work. In addition to working with a Wharton alumna, you’ll source and conduct due diligence on potential investments, work on market mapping, and engage with entrepreneurs.
Apply by January 31
.
5. Nazarian Social Innovator in Residence
Every year, we invite a leader working in social impact for a multi-day visit at Penn. While they are on campus,
Nazarian Social Innovators
engage in a range of activities, including meeting with and coaching students individually, hosting small-group events, and leading discussions or workshops. Stay tuned: more information about this year’s Innovator in Residence will be announced soon —
sign up on our student email list to be in the loop
. In the meantime, check out
this video
with last year’s Innovator, Joey Hundert, CEO of Sustainitech.
6. Pop Up Lunches and Events
Over the last year, we had engaging discussions about impact investing and responsible business with special guest speakers. We heard from Vincent Stanley (Director of Philosophy at Patagonia), Dr. Dinah Koehler (Executive Director of Sustainable Research at UBS), and more. We’ll send you updates throughout the semester as other industry experts join us on campus.
Space is always limited, so be sure to RSVP early.
Sign up
to be in the loop on events.
7.
Dollars and Change
Podcast
Have you checked out our podcast,
Dollars and Change
? Grab your headphones and a coffee, and catch up on episodes with leading industry experts who are changing the world through social enterprises, impact investing, corporate social responsibility programs, social impact research, and more.
VISIT THE
WHARTON SOCIAL IMPACT
WEBSITE FOR MORE WAYS TO STAY CONNECTED.
— Nisa Nejadi
Posted: January 14, 2020
Competitions
Electives
Fellowships
Internships
MBA
Nontraditional
Philadelphia
Social Impact
Students
The Wharton School
Undergrad
Wharton Social Impact Initiative
Student Programs
Our mission is to build the evidence, talent, and community to advance business solutions for a better world. To develop the talent for tomorrow’s social impact, our
programs
give students the skills and training opportunities to effect smart and savvy change through business.
Related Content
Read More Stories
WCAI Datathon Student Finalists Present Their Data Findings to Evite
Prof. Samir Nurmohamed on Teaching at Wharton and the Best Advice He Received During His Education
How VisiPlate Is Curing Blindness With Nanotechnology
Students Chat With the Dean About Diversity at Wharton
Finding the Rhythm Behind Business Fundamentals
Two Native American Undergraduates Thrive at Wharton and in Business Education
How Internships and Classes Helped This Undergrad Find Her Interests
Building and Nurturing a Community of Social Entrepreneurs to Change the Status Quo for Good
From Student to Teaching Assistant: Same Class, Different Takeaways
Undergrad Reflects on Recruiting: Part 2, Elevator Pitch
3 Ways to Empower Women and Tackle Gender Inequity in the Workplace
Empowering Philadelphia Youth with Improv Skills
Between Problem Sets and Possibility: A First-Year’s Reflection
This Wharton Senior’s Letter Writing Project Gets Global Attention
Creating Space for Creativity: Wharton’s IDEATHON 2020