URL: https://undergrad.wharton.upenn.edu/story/undergrad-combining-tech-public-policy-promote-social-welfare
TITLE: Combining Tech and Public Policy to Promote Social Welfare - Undergraduate

“I think as an entrepreneur, in the tech field specifically, there is a necessity of knowing the current regulatory landscape. That is a piece of the innovation puzzle that no aspiring tech entrepreneur can afford to ignore.”
Jeffery Gao
, C’19, W’19, wants to be at the forefront of using technology to promote social welfare. For him, understanding public policy — the political environment in which innovation occurs — is a key component in getting there.
“I think as an entrepreneur, in the tech field specifically, there is a necessity of knowing the current regulatory landscape,” Jeffery said. “That is a piece of the innovation puzzle that no aspiring tech entrepreneur can afford to ignore.”
Jeffery’s interest in entrepreneurship began at a young age. While still in high school, he founded
IonicTechnology.ca
, an e-commerce and wholesaling business for mobile data transfer technology. The company utilized search engine optimization and targeted marketing to generate thousands of sales across six countries.
Now at Penn, he is a member of
YouthHack Philly
, an organization that aims to empower high school and college students to create new, marketable technologies for the social good. As the head of YouthHack’s Freshstart Program, he works with young entrepreneurs to develop their ideas into viable business plans.
A rising junior, Jeffery is pursuing a dual degree in finance at Wharton and international relations at the College. “Because I’m not a programmer, I felt that gaining a better understanding of the policy environment would allow me to work in the industry I want, but in a more unconventional way,” he said.
That’s why Jeffery joined the
Public Policy Research Scholars (PPRS) program
, an interdisciplinary certificate program run by the
Penn Wharton Public Policy Initiative
. It’s designed for undergraduates with a background in economics who want to explore the impact of U.S. public policy on the domestic economy.
The Connection Between Innovation and Policy
Since joining PPRS, Jeffery said he has become more aware of the importance that policy plays in encouraging technological innovation and more attuned to the way some of the most innovative companies in the United States actively pursue their objectives in relation to the policy climate.
Jeffery felt the program’s focus on the quantitative analysis of public policy at the federal level would be the perfect complement to his study of international relations with a focus on international political economy and trade.
“An international relations degree gives a strong cultural and theoretical basis for understanding government actions, but it lacks the quantitative training that allows for measuring the economic impact of laws and regulations — a skill the PPRS program emphasizes,” he said. “By taking part in the PPRS curriculum, I hope to be able to interpret numbers and connect them to regulations, policy, and government action.”
Gaining Real World Experience
In fact, that’s exactly what Jeffery is doing this summer as an intern with the
Mastercard Center for Inclusive Growth
. He is working with their team in data gathering, evaluation, and reporting on various global programs and initiatives that are driving Mastercard’s inclusive growth strategy. An independent subsidiary of Mastercard, the center’s mission is to advance equitable and sustainable economic growth and financial inclusion around the world.
They are partnering with leading economists and institutions to better understand the drivers of inclusion and growth, and advance actionable insights that guide decision-making. Jeffery will help to build the center’s network database and provide research and landscape assessment on various global players in the financial inclusion field.
“I want to be able to synthesize the gathered data into a cohesive and coherent format to inform and drive those to take action in regards to equitable and inclusive growth in developing countries,” he said. “I’m hoping that in this role I will gain a better understanding of how businesses can create tangible social change while creating value for their stakeholders.”
Posted: June 9, 2017
Business & Policy
Clubs
Curriculum
Entrepreneurship
Interdisciplinary
International
Internships
Majors and Concentrations
Philadelphia
Public Sector/Nonprofit
Social Impact
Students
Technology
The Wharton School
Undergrad
Penn Wharton Public Policy
Jeffery Gao, C’19, W’19
Hometown
Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada
Major
International Relations, Finance, Management specializing in Multinational Management
At Wharton
Head of
YouthHack’s Freshstart Program
and incoming co-president; intern with the
Wharton Alumni Angel Network SoCal Chapter
; incoming president of
Phi Gamma Nu Professional Business Fraternity
Previous Education
Gleneagle Secondary School
Before Wharton
Founder of IonicTechnology.ca, Intern at ScholarshipStrategy.com
Lessons from Working on TPP
Jeffery had the opportunity to explore the global economy from a different angle last summer as an intern with the
US-ASEAN Business Council
. Throughout the summer, he conducted research on a variety of elements that would become part of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, an 11-nation trade agreement brokered between North America and Southeast Asia.
The deal became a political hot potato during the 2016 election and the new administration ultimately pulled the U.S. out of it. “It was very disheartening,” Jeffery said, “considering all the work that went into it, the negotiations and concessions that many countries made, and the positive implications it might have had on the U.S. economic and political role globally.”
Still, the work taught him a lot about how trade regulation affects multinationals enterprises (MNEs). “Previously, I already had an understanding that businesses and government was intertwined, with one’s actions affecting the other; however, I never realized how influential MNEs were not only on U.S. trade policy, but on the trade policy of other countries as well,” he said.
Part of Jeffery’s role was gathering comments, as well as facilitating meetings so that government relations specialists could provide comments on draft regulation. Representatives would fly from their home countries around the globe for these meetings to hear the representatives from American MNEs provide input. “That experience, sitting in a boardroom with different ministers, was truly humbling,” he said.
Related Content
Read More Stories
Black Wharton: Empowering Excellence at Penn
A Wharton Undergrad Pursues Passions for ESG and Innovation
MBA Students Head to Beijing for an Immersive Learning Experience on Marketing to the Chinese Consumer
The 4 Lessons Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat Learned from the Financial Crisis
Global Modular Course Immerses Wharton EMBA Students in the ‘Startup Nation’ of Israel
Undergrad Reflects on Recruiting Process: Part 4, The Choice
Major: Economics. Minor: Humanity. The Storyteller behind Humans of Penn
WSII Fellows Reflect on Their Research and the Future of Impact Investing
4 Brand Strategies That Put Christian Lacroix Back on the Runway
WCAI Datathon Student Finalists Present Their Data Findings to Evite
How an Award-Winning Marketing Firm Fosters Work/Life Balance
How Data Science Led This Undergrad to Business Analytics
Creating Space for Creativity: Wharton’s IDEATHON 2020
Wharton Asia Exchange: Bridging Cultures, Building Businesses
Undergraduates Tackle Real Media Industry Challenges During This Year’s HuntsmanHacks