URL: https://undergrad.wharton.upenn.edu/story/how-to-gain-real-world-social-impact-experience-while-youre-still-a-student
TITLE: How to Gain Real-World Social Impact Experience While You’re Still a Student - Undergraduate

All Penn and Wharton undergrads and grads can apply for the sought-after WISE Fellowship, a paid experiential learning opportunity in social impact consulting or research.
Last fall, twenty-nine students were chatting excitedly over breakfast. Recently accepted as Fellows under Wharton Social Impact’s WISE (Wharton Impact Student Experience) Program, they were celebrating this accomplishment and eager to dive in to the real-world challenges they were tasked to solve.
The
WISE Fellowship
(called the Social Impact Fellowship in previous years) offered them the opportunity to grow their knowledge and skills in research, consulting, and social impact — and get paid while doing it.
“As I was attending countless info sessions during pre-term, the WISE Fellowship stood out for me as it would allow me to positively impact the Philadelphia community that I was now a part of,” said Wharton MBA student Ankit Girdhar, WG’20.
Working with clients like impact investors, start-up entrepreneurs, big-data researchers, and nonprofit leaders, WISE Fellows work in small teams with other Penn and Wharton students to tackle their client’s toughest challenges. The ultimate goal? Scale their clients’ impact.
Last semester, students worked on a diverse set of projects such as:
Sourcing and conducting due diligence on potential impact investments
Supporting faculty-led research that uses big data to examine neighborhood vibrancy
Conducting market research for a tech fund focused on women of color and refining the fund’s investment strategy
Scoping the U.S. market for the top places where a decentralized water reuse tool could be impactful
Helping large hospitals and universities in Philadelphia increase their local purchasing
“The Fellowship gave me an opportunity to apply my coursework and past consulting experiences. I gained exposure to the challenges associated with for-profit social enterprises and the importance of a supportive community in delivering true impact,” said Margaret Fletcher, WG ’19.
Sam Brown, WG’20, adds, “As a WISE Fellow, my experience has been unparalleled and truly reflective of the path many impact investors experience.”
Each semester, a new application period opens with new projects and opportunities that are open to all Penn and Wharton students. In the spring 2019 semester (application period January 16th-30th), Wharton Social Impact will hire approximately 15-20 Fellows for seven projects.
Applications are live on the
Wharton Social Impact website
starting January 16
th
.
Accepted Fellows are eligible for a taxable Fellowship award ($1,000 for grad students, $12/hour for undergrads with a max of $1,500).
When asked what she looks for in applicants, WSII’s program manager Yuri Seung said, “Applicants whose skills align with the needs of the project, and those who thoughtfully articulate what they hope to learn while working on their projects really stand out.”
What kind of work would you do as a WISE Fellow? This depends on your project scope. Typically, Fellows spend the first part of their Fellowship researching their topic and reporting findings to the client. The second part is usually spent creating a deliverable based on the findings as presentation deck or a report. “We scope each project to ensure that students will have enough time throughout the semester to complete their work. Fellows who are intellectually curious and take initiative, while demonstrating good time management skills, are the most successful,” said Seung.
She adds, “It’s exciting to see students learn from social impact leaders and work with them to advance projects that have real-world impact.”
Ready to leave your mark?
Learn more
about the WISE Fellowship and
apply by
January 30
th
.
— Nisa Nejadi
Posted: January 16, 2019
Consulting
Creating Leaders
Doctorate
Energy/Environment
Entrepreneurship
Fellowships
Fellowships
Health Care
MBA
Philadelphia
Public Sector/Nonprofit
Social Impact
The Wharton School
Undergrad
Wharton Social Impact Initiative
Student Programs
Our mission is to build the evidence, talent, and community to advance business solutions for a better world. To develop the talent for tomorrow’s social impact, our
programs
give students the skills and training opportunities to effect smart and savvy change through business.
WISE Fellowship
WISE Fellows
come from every college and corner of the University and can include undergraduate students, master’s students, and doctoral students. They work on real-world research and consulting projects to scale the social impact of their client’s business. Clients may be impact investors, entrepreneurs, researchers, for-profit companies, or nonprofit organizations.
Related Content
Read More Stories
‘Surf Club Girl’ Is Riding the Waves at Penn
Undergrads Discuss Asian Identity and Biases at Community Forum
Building a Diverse Pipeline for Business Faculty
Undergrad Reflects on Recruiting: Part 2, Elevator Pitch
How Creativity and Innovation Drive This Undergrad
Communicating Communication: An Undergrad’s Experience as a TA
Lessons Learned from a Fireside Chat with LinkedIn CEO Jeff Weiner
Wharton Students Make a Case for Bringing Amazon’s Headquarters to Philadelphia
Inaugural Moelis Fellows Share Why They Will Be Returning to Wharton for Their MBAs
How an Undergrad From Australia Aims to Have an International Policy Impact
Between Problem Sets and Possibility: A First-Year’s Reflection
Navigating Wharton with the Leadership Compass
Global Modular Course Immerses Wharton EMBA Students in the ‘Startup Nation’ of Israel
How These Wharton Undergrads Won the “World Championship” of Case Competitions
Adedotun Adejare Prepares to Explore China’s Technology Hub as Schwarzman Scholar