URL: https://undergrad.wharton.upenn.edu/story/qa-new-vice-dean-discusses-fearless-students-and-undergrad-business-education
TITLE: New Vice Dean on Fearless Students and Undergrad Business Education - Undergraduate

Marketing Professor Cait Lamberton discusses becoming Vice Dean of the Wharton Undergraduate Division.
Talking to Vice Dean Cait Lamberton in her office in Steinberg Hall-Dietrich Hall, it’s tempting to think of her as a permanent fixture of Wharton life. With a deft feel for the pulse of the undergraduate student body, it’s easy to imagine that she’s been here since the days of Joseph Wharton himself.
It’s harder to imagine that the vice dean’s first job was as a quality control clerk for a truck mirror factory, or that she spent her undergraduate years studying not business, but English.
The journey might appear mystifying but, after conversing with her, the metamorphosis seems almost inevitable. I found the vice dean incredibly energizing, with a deep sense of curiosity that has clearly dominated her work as an educator, researcher, and now administrator.
Cait Lamberton and Alan Li, W’28 (Image Credit: Jackson Eli Ford, W’27)
What made you want to take on this role?
A few years ago, I had a conversation with
Deputy Dean Nancy Rothbard
, and she asked, “Where do you want to go?” I realized I didn’t have a great answer, but I knew that I found the undergraduates energizing and exciting. At the same time, I knew that I didn’t want my entire job to be teaching, as wonderful as that is. I like dealing with new challenges and learning new things, and I knew I’d look for that moving forward.
Being vice dean was not on my bingo card. But when the opportunity came, I thought, that’s a new kind of challenge. There comes a time when you feel like you become very specialized in a narrow area. It’s great because you can access that part of your brain all the time. But I knew this would make me activate a whole different set of pieces in my brain.
What does your role look like day to day?
It’s different every day, which is what I love, right? I mean, I don’t like things to be the same every day. I’d lose my mind.
How would you describe Wharton’s students?
You can’t generalize about everybody, but many of them are quite fearless. They will share their ideas with you; they will try things they’ve never tried before. When I was younger, if I’d had a grand ambition, I’d have been afraid to state it. I don’t see that among Wharton undergraduates at all.
If you could change anything about the Wharton undergrad culture, what would you do?
There are times when — and this is true not only for Wharton students, but for Wharton as a whole — I think we could laugh more.
We could enjoy our success a little bit more — allow the success that we’ve had to make us feel more comfortable when things don’t go as expected.
When students have ideas or concerns, how do they reach you?
Image Credit: Jackson Eli Ford, W’27
In the spring, because I won’t be teaching, I’ll have a lot more time for office hours, and I’ll set up a bunch of lunches that students can sign up for.
My email address is also not hard to find, but the email inflow is so large, it might take me a minute to get back to people.
What I’m learning is that I often don’t personally have the answer, but I can find other people who do. And that’s a fun process. A few days ago, I had a student in class who asked, “I’m really trying to figure out whether I’d want to start my career in discipline X or whether that’s going to pigeonhole me.” It was a little puzzle for me: who can you talk to who can give him some advice?
Why would you recommend an undergraduate business education?
An undergraduate business school teaches students generalizable models, frameworks, and techniques that allow them to look at the problems that society faces and connect them to the solutions being created.
This is a very specific experience: taking what you learn in the classroom and applying it. We’ve said for a long time that 50 percent of the learning in a Wharton education is in the classroom — and it’s true.
It’s like learning a language. It’s easy to learn in a classroom, but you show you’re fluent when you can navigate a complex situation. That’s what an undergraduate business school education is about.
Why do you consider Wharton to be one of the best business schools in the world?
Wharton has remained very true to its roots. It was the first undergraduate business school in the world — being first means you get to set the standard. And our faculty are encouraged to do consulting, own businesses, and be part of the world. The fact that Wharton encourages faculty to participate in the market and then bring that back into the classroom is part of what makes our classes quite remarkable.
We are also one of only two Ivy League universities with an undergraduate business program.
Being part of this incredible university gives us access to a broader set of conversations. We have dual-degree programs that enrich our population a great deal, and we have access to a host of centers and resources like
Venture Lab
, which might not exist at a school without the broader umbrella that Penn offers.
I’ve also come to realize the power of our alumni network. They want to engage with students, and there are plenty of different resources they can offer, but they are particularly generous with their time. I’ve never seen anything like it.
I will literally meet people on the street who tell me they went to Wharton, and they’ll stop and say, “What can I do? How can I help? Can I talk to your students?” That’s pretty amazing. You can say, “That’s just Wharton being Wharton,” but it’s different from any other place that I’ve been. I couldn’t be more honored to be here.
— Alan Li, W’28
Posted: January 5, 2026
Faculty
Featured
The Wharton School
Undergrad
Undergraduate Program
Cait Lamberton
Image Credit: Jackson Eli Ford, W’27
Cait Lamberton
is Vice Dean and Director of the Wharton Undergraduate Division and the
Alberto I. Duran President’s Distinguished Professor of Marketing.
Best place to eat on campus:
Insomnia Cookies
Favorite spot on campus:
My office
Guilty pleasure TV show:
“Mozart in the Jungle”
Hidden talent:
I take ballroom dance lessons.
What’s the first job you ever had?
Quality control clerk at a truck mirror factory
If you weren’t in academia, what would you be doing:
An unsuccessful poet or probably an attorney
If you could swap jobs with any Penn professor for a day:
Kevin Volpp
does work at the intersection of healthcare and behavioral science. He has this fantastic capacity to make things much better by making small changes for a huge range of people.
Kevin Volpp, MD, PhD, is the Mark V. Pauly President’s Distinguished Professor at Perelman School of Medicine and Health Care Management at the Wharton School, and the founding director of the Center for Health Incentives and Behavioral Economics (CHIBE) at Penn.
Related Content
Read More Stories
From Gulf Coast to Ice Coast: It’s Looking Up for This Downhill Skier
Bringing the Wharton Experience to High Schoolers Around the World
Dual Degree Wharton Student Takes on Nursing Summer Internship
8 Wharton Faculty to Follow on LinkedIn
WCAI Datathon Student Finalists Present Their Data Findings to Evite
Wharton Welcomes All to Get Out the Vote at Penn
What You Can Expect at the Penn Wharton Startup Showcase
Undergrad Reflects on Recruiting Process: Part 1, The First Lesson
Innovative Classes Helped This Recent Wharton Grad Get the Most Out of Penn
Communicating Communication: An Undergrad’s Experience as a TA
How I Found My Social Impact Path at Penn — and How You Can Find Yours
Prof. Arthur van Benthem Examines Energy and Environmental Markets Through an Economist’s Lens
Breaking Classroom Barriers Over Zoom
Crayon Politics: Simplifying Complex Policy for Young Voters
This Wharton Senior’s Letter Writing Project Gets Global Attention