URL: https://undergrad.wharton.upenn.edu/story/from-cow-penning-to-penn-how-this-undergraduate-found-his-community
TITLE: From Cow Penning to Penn: How This Undergraduate Found His Community - Undergraduate

Coming from the Arizona desert and far from loved ones and all things familiar, Jake Rodin, W’23, didn’t know what to expect when he arrived at Penn. His Wharton cohort gave him a community, and he‘s paying that forward.
Jake Rodin didn’t even own a winter coat or long pants when he arrived on Penn’s campus.
The junior came to Wharton from Arizona, where he never needed to check the weather, and spent his time playing sports and cow-penning and ranching with his twin brother. He wasn’t sure if he’d be able to find a community as he had with his high school graduating class of 68 students.
“I was used to going into my classes where I was one of 12 students and the teacher knew me by name,” Jake said.
Knowing no one when he stepped foot on Penn’s campus made Jake apprehensive.“I was really worried that those same connections that I learned to really value in middle school and high school would be lost here in a sea of 2,500 undergrads,” he said. “It’s a lot different than 68 graduating kids.”
He was also unprepared for the East Coast weather of Philadelphia.
“I’m not used to checking the weather in Arizona. It is always 80, 90 degrees and sunny,” Jake said. The Arizonan had to buy pants because he only owned shorts growing up in Paradise Valley, Arizona, a suburb of Phoenix.
The thing that helped Jake adjust was the community of his first-year cohort.
“It made me feel so much more comfortable coming to school here, away from the rest of my family, and things that I learned to love back in Arizona,” he said.
The 21-year-old wants to help fellow Wharton students find their communities and successfully transition to college the way he did. That’s why he is the co-chair of the Wharton cohorts and an RA in one of the College Houses on the Quad.
Creating a “Sense of welcoming and sense of community”
Jake at a Wharton cohorts event with first-year students in front of the Fisher Fine Arts Library
There are nine
Wharton cohorts
of approximately 60 students that incoming first-year students are randomly assigned to, each named after a different currency.
“We try to help make the transition into college easier for first-year students,” Jake said.
Each cohort has upper-level leaders who build community through phone calls and meetings with students and hosting cohort events.
“The cohort was the first community that I was part of at Penn,” said the co-chair. “I’ve loved being able to pass that same sense of welcoming and sense of community that cohorts built for me with all these incoming first-year students, making sure they feel the same sense of belonging that I did.”
Jake serves as a residential advisor (RA) to 17 students in
Riepe College House
and sees that as another way to help create a community for students.
“While I was a first-year living in the Quad, my resident advisor would bring our hall of 12 students all over campus and Philadelphia to familiarize us with the area,” he said. “These communities were the first interactions I had at Wharton, and I couldn’t have asked for a better introduction.”
Yippie Yi Yo Kayah: “I’m an Old Cowhand (From the Rio Grande)”
Jake with his twin brother Ty
Wharton has diverse perspectives, but it’s easy for prospective students or first-years to have a preconceived notion of who a Wharton student is, he says.
“I love talking to students who are not your ‘normal’ Wharton students,” Jake said. “No one thinks of someone at Wharton who does cow penning.”
Every summer, Jake and his twin brother Ty would go to a ranch in Wyoming with their family.
“We would cow pen and go horseback riding through the mountains. Ranching was so much fun for me,” he said. “That’s kind of an interesting experience that not a lot of people on the East Coast get to see.”
They also competed and won at cow cutting, a competition where horseback riders work to separate calves from the herd to within a smaller fenced area.
Jake says coming to college was made harder by the absence of Ty who attends the University of Michigan. It was the first time Jake attended a school without his twin.
“It’s been difficult not seeing him in person as much as I used to, but we text and call basically every single day.”
Shifting Priorities
He swam competitively in high school and planned to swim in college. After going on a college recruiting trip, Jake realized swimming would leave him with time for little else.
“The Wharton cohorts, the RA experience, I wouldn’t necessarily have had time for it if I was in the pool,” he said.
He joined
Penn’s club water polo team
during his first year, in part due to several of his cohort leaders being on the team.
This summer, Jake will be working as a summer analyst at William Blair & Company, a middle-market investment bank in Charlotte, North Carolina.
“Not the traditional New York track, but that goes back to I am not from a huge city and I love working on smaller teams that know me by name instead of a number,” he said. “That’s really what I’ve come to value and I think what ultimately drove me there.”
— Sara Hoover
Posted: February 10, 2022
Clusters and Cohorts
Community
Internships
Living in Philly
Philadelphia
Student Profiles
Students
Undergrad
Undergraduate Program
Jake Rodin, W’23
Hometown
Paradise Valley, Arizona
Concentration
Finance; Operations, Information and Decisions (Decision Processes track)
Activities
Co-chair of Wharton cohorts, Wharton Ambassadors, resident advisor (RA) in the Quad (Riepe College House), Legal Studies & Business Ethics 100 teaching assistant, and Delta Sigma Pi (business fraternity)
Typical Day at a Glance
7:30am
Wake up and go to the gym or on a run through campus/Philly
9:30am
Eat breakfast (I usually like going to Hill Dining Hall)
10:00am
Walk to class
3:00pm
Classes end and I head to club meetings
6:00pm
Eat dinner (King’s Court English College House/KCECH dining hall is usually the best)
7:30pm
Head back to the Quad (will have an event for my hall, check-ins with residents, etc.)
9:00pm
Homework, check in with my family, study with friends
11:30pm
Sleep
Favorite Place on Campus
Some of my favorite places on campus are in the dining halls — and not just because there’s food. As a first-year student, I always enjoyed running into friends and meeting new people while grabbing something to eat. The connections and friendships I made in the dining hall are still with me years later
Related Content
Read More Stories
Combining Tech and Public Policy to Promote Social Welfare
Wharton Around The World
Advice on Studying Abroad From an Undergrad Who Never Thought He Would
Undergrad Reflects on Recruiting: Part 2, Elevator Pitch
How This Wharton Undergraduate Followed His Love of Sustainability to the Galapagos
Wharton’s Matt Fallon Clinches Spot on U.S. Olympic Team
How the Y-Prize Competition Marries Invention and Entrepreneurship
PhD Candidate Matthew Caulfield Became an Election Technology Expert — As an Undergrad
Black Wharton: Empowering Excellence at Penn
How to Learn from Wins and Losses — and Other Lessons from Poker
How This Undergrad Gives Back to Community
How to Maximize the Potential of Social Impact Initiatives
An Undergrad on How ‘Everyone Chooses a Different Path to Graduation’
Why These Wharton Students Stayed Involved with Social Impact Remotely
Two Native American Undergraduates Thrive at Wharton and in Business Education