URL: https://undergrad.wharton.upenn.edu/story/wharton-undergrad-combines-business-technology-harry-potter
TITLE: A Wharton Undergrad Combines Business, Technology, and Harry Potter - Undergraduate

As an M&T student, Stephanie Zhu appreciates being able to gain insights on how business and engineering interact, as well as taking liberal arts classes that let her explore other interests.
3 best things about Wharton
Food (lots of free food!)
Huntsman GSRs (Group Study Rooms)
Locust Walk
Something I’ve learned about mys
elf
I’m a big fan of living in a major city.
What I want to do with my business education
I hope to work in the management division of a tech-related company.
Favorite place on campus
6th Floor of Van Pelt Library
Favorite Class
Professor Bridget Nolan, Writing Seminar: Sociology of Harry Potter
Favorite Activity
Heading into Center city to explore and watch performances at the Kimmel Center.
What makes Penn special
The Wharton influence is pretty apparent at Penn. Almost every subject imaginable has a class related to the business aspect of that field. For example, Penn offers Business Chinese, Engineering Entrepreneurship, etc.
Defining “business and more” experience
I’m very fortunate to be a part of the M&T program, where I get exposure to both business and technical classes. Through M&T, I now have a greater understanding of the intersection between business and engineering.
Posted: June 22, 2016
Curriculum
Interdisciplinary
Philadelphia
Student Profiles
Technology
Undergrad
Undergraduate Program
Stephanie Zhu
Hometown
Solon, Ohio
Concentration
Undecided
Program
Jerome Fisher Management & Technology Program
Typical Day at a Glance
8:30 am
Wake up, get ready for class
9:00
MGMT 100, CHIN 031 (Beginning Chinese Reading & Writing), MATH 114 (Calculus), WRIT 088 (Writing Seminar: The Sociology of Harry Potter), Study breaks in between @ dorm/M&T Office
6:00 pm
Dinner with friends
7:00
MGMT 100 Team Meeting
8:00
CIS 120 (Programming Language and Techniques) homework
10:30
Study with friends/homework for other classes
12:30 am
Study break (catch up on shows, or take music break)
1:00
Sleep!
Related Content
Read More Stories
Top Spots for Wharton Grads to Take Graduation Photos on Penn’s Campus
Prof. Arthur van Benthem Examines Energy and Environmental Markets Through an Economist’s Lens
Wharton Hosts the 2022 Diversity Case Competition
Black Wharton: Empowering Excellence at Penn
From Gulf Coast to Ice Coast: It’s Looking Up for This Downhill Skier
How a Student-Athlete Built Relationships at Wharton
How Determination, Critical Thinking Helped This Wharton Undergrad Cycle the World’s Highest Volcano
How Combining Two Passions Landed this Senior a Job at Facebook
An Undergrad on How ‘Everyone Chooses a Different Path to Graduation’
From Student to Teaching Assistant: Same Class, Different Takeaways
Wharton Students Make a Case for Bringing Amazon’s Headquarters to Philadelphia
Trimming the Jib and Other Ways to Think About Business
3 Ways Wharton’s STEP Pre-Orientation Program Impacts Undergraduates After Freshman Year
A Look at Three Undergraduate ESG Experiences
Application Tips from the MBA Admissions Committee