URL: https://undergrad.wharton.upenn.edu/topic/international
TITLE: International – Undergraduate

Fatima Figueroa discusses her experiences on the winter break Global Modular Course: Finance in the UAE.
Studying Finance in Dubai
“It was just unreal. You put all your time into making a mix, and then you put it on Spotify, and you go to Paris.” – Ajay Kilambi, W’25
Penn Masala’s Olympic Performance
“Many of my Wharton professors come from backgrounds rooted in real-world business experiences and thus they teach from real-world examples. The Leadership Venture was an opportunity to expand on Wharton’s other real-world opportunities.” – Jacob Pollack, W’25
A Wharton Undergraduate Leadership Odyssey in Patagonia
“We do a really good job at making Wharton Latino feel like home; for everyone, Wharton or not, Latino or not…[the club] is about finding a new home that cares about you and your growth.” – Leah Mizrachi, W’24, President of Wharton Latino
In Celebration of Hispanic Heritage Month, Wharton’s Latinx Community Comes Together
“Penn is a shockingly supportive place for an adventure like this. The plethora of resources for the whole community is staggering. If they can’t get something directly, the second-degree connections will take care of it. It surprised me in the best way possible.” – Ryan Torres W’25
Undergraduate to Cycle World’s Highest Volcano to Raise Funds for Cycling Access
James Flynn (W’22), Saksham Choudhary (W’23), and Nick Spizzirri (W’24) are part of a history-making men’s squash team at Penn.
Squashing the Competition
Sophomore Pablo Marin is maintaining his Mexican roots while exploring all of Penn.
An International Student’s Perspective on Wharton and Penn
Stacy Shimanuki, C’24, W’24, writes about her summer working on a Wharton Social Impact Research Experience project on the financial inclusion of migrant workers in Singapore.
Spending a Summer in Singapore To Conduct Social Impact Research
Rachel Prokupek’s deliciously unconventional baklava proved to be both a campus hit and a crash course in entrepreneurship.
The Business of Baking: One Student’s Take on an Old-School Treat
“What we were finding was that we were onto something big and something different, something that wasn’t just confined to my community, Tarkwa Breman, alone.”
How This Penn Alum Is Revitalizing Education and Healthcare Through Cocoa Farms in Ghana
Load More Stories