URL: https://herbert.miami.edu/executive-education/contact-us.html
TITLE: Contact Us | Miami Herbert Business School | University of Miami

Contact Us
Learn. Grow. Transform.
Home
Executive Education
Contact Us
Meet the team
Rony Shir
Associate Dean, Executive Education and Lifelong Learning
(O): 305-284-6889
rshir@miami.edu
Rony Shir
is the Associate Dean overseeing Executive Education and Lifelong Learning at Miami Herbert Business School. In her role, she focuses on leading the strategic and operational priorities of the School’s Executive Education Department. Rony works closely with faculty and staff to develop and deliver a portfolio of non-degree programs and facilitate collaboration and sustainable partnerships with clients. She oversees program design and implementation focused on the financial and operational aspects, with keen attention to the success in both content delivery and program execution. She graduated valedictorian and Summa Cum Laude from the University of Miami’s Professional MBA Program.
Custom Solutions for Organizations
At Miami Herbert, we work with your organization to design custom executive education solutions tailored to your unique goals, challenges, and strategic priorities. Our programs develop future-ready leaders, strengthen critical business capabilities, and enhance team performance across all levels. Programs can be delivered online, in person, or through a hybrid format to meet your team’s needs. Backed by a top-ranked business school, our custom programs deliver transformative outcomes that drive lasting organizational success.
Learn More
Frequently Asked Questions: General Inquiries
Who is your Executive Education program open to?
The University of Miami Herbert Business School Executive Education Program is open to mid- to senior-level managers seeking to enhance their leadership skills and managerial expertise. We tailor programs for organizational teams from a wide range of industries, as well as the nonprofit sector, and welcome participants from finance, sales, marketing, operations, human resources, or any other area of the organization.
What is the duration of the program?
Executive Education programs are tailored and vary in duration. Average program length is 3-5 days, but we can adapt to any timeframe, from condensed 1-day sessions up to 15 weeks of content.
What can I expect before, during, and after the program?
Your program facilitator will work with you to establish the programming that best suits your needs. Communication will remain open throughout the program to allow you to address any questions or concerns. Your facilitator will likewise reach out to you at the end of the program for final details and program completion.
How many hours a week does the program require?
You may expect to dedicate about four to eight hours a week. You are responsible for setting your own schedule outside of set dates and times for lectures or modules. For the best learning environment, we recommend that you pace yourself throughout the week without cramming for end-of-week deadlines.
Will I receive university credits?
The Executive Education courses comprise a non-degree program and do not provide university credits or a diploma. You will receive a certificate of completion upon successful evaluation of all assignments and active participation.
How are assignments evaluated?
While program completion will not be based on grades, all assignments will be evaluated for thorough adherence to specified requirements.
When or how will I receive the syllabus and course material?
Within the first few days of the course start date, participants receive access to a dedicated course website with all course material, including syllabus, videos, assignments, and any other relevant content. Each student will have a login and password.
Is the course website accessible via mobile device?
Yes, you may access the course website either on desktop or mobile device. Your program facilitator will provide the steps to follow for mobile device access shortly before the program start date.
How many team members of my organization can participate?
For in-person programs, we limit participation to 50 team members. For teams larger than 50, an online format may be a better fit. However, we try to cap large teams in either format to enable program facilitators to provide responsive and reliable feedback to all students. We maintain a boutique-style approach for a satisfying and fulfilling learning experience.
Frequently Asked Questions: In-Person Programs
What if participants have questions outside of lecture hours?
Communication with your program facilitator or faculty member may occur through email or online through the program discussion board.
If we are outside of the state or country, how can we arrange for a faculty member to come to us?
All coordination will occur between you and your program facilitator. Our designated faculty member will visit you at your facility or a designated conference hall for lectures and established programming.
Frequently Asked Questions: Online Programs
Are online programs presented live?
Our online programs may be either asynchronous, meaning without live faculty presence and delivered through recorded presentations, or synchronous, with a live faculty member conducting lectures via Zoom-enabled technology.
How can I communicate with faculty or program administrators?
Communication can occur through the website discussion board and email. Also, your facilitator will be in continuous communication with announcements and program details.
How will I interact online with members of my team?
All team members may communicate asynchronously through discussion boards and group sessions enabled in the online course portal.
Location
Miami Herbert Business School
5250 University Drive
Coral Gables, FL 33146
Contact Us
Rony Shir, Executive Director, Executive Education
rshir@miami.edu
305-284-6889
Follow Us
Visit LinkedIn
Visit YouTube
Visit Instagram
Visit Twitter
Visit Facebook