URL: https://herbert.miami.edu/faculty-research/research-labs-centers-institutes/index.html
TITLE: Research Labs, Centers, and Institutes | Miami Herbert Business School | University of Miami

Research Labs, Centers, and Institutes
Miami Herbert is home to centers and institutes that facilitate cutting-edge research, provide consulting services, deliver degree and non-degree academic programs, and foster the exchange of ideas on some of the most pressing business issues of the day.
Home
Faculty and Research
Research Labs, Centers, and Institutes
State-of-the-Art Facilities
Our labs, centers, and institutes serve as an important thought leadership resource for students and faculty across campus and the region, as well as for the wider business community.
High-caliber facilities and dedicated faculty and staff make our centers and institutes essential resources that support and advance Miami Herbert as a leading research and educational business school. Initiatives ensure frontline and cross-disciplinary research, leadership-focused programs, curricular and industry-oriented activities, and a knowledge source for businesses and policy-making bodies.
Intellectual Capital
Housing cutting-edge research, consulting services, and academic programs, our facilities enable us to foster the exchange of ideas on some of the most pressing business issues of the day. Learn about our labs, centers, and institutes below.
'Canes Behavioral Lab
The ’Canes Behavioral Laboratory is a state-of-the-art research facility designed for advanced, technology-driven marketing research. The lab enables Miami Herbert faculty to conduct leading-edge marketing research in a controlled environment. The lab's advanced technology allows researchers to take advantage of tools ranging from interactive surveys to virtual environments that simulate product features to learn how people react in actual situations.
The lab has recently undergone updates to equipment and expansion of research capabilities thanks to a $50,000 gift from the Tina and Richard Carolan Foundation. With the enhancements, the lab is now equipped for more types of research studies, including studies utilizing mobile technology.
Contact Us:
Ana Sanchez Alfonso
Behavioral Marketing Lab Manager
Email:
asancheza@miami.edu
Center for Health Management and Policy
Thought Leadership in Health Management and Policy:
The Center for Health Management and Policy serves as a resource for businesses and policy-making bodies. Faculty conduct and disseminate leading-edge research, offer consulting services to the health care and business community, and provide training and education for those in the health sector. Center faculty and staff also host the school's Business of Health Care Impact Conference, which draws 700 professionals from across industries each year.
Education and Training:
The Center's education and training programs include open enrollment and customized executive education programs targeting the health sector. Among these programs is the Certificate in
Latin American Health Care Compliance program
.
Consult Practice:
The Center's consult practice helps organizations in the health sector tackle complex challenges in such areas as process improvement, supply chain management, health care economics, cost-effectiveness analysis, management and leadership, physician process management, ethics and compliance, international health care policy and health care technology.
Contact Us:
Steven G. Ullmann
Professor
Department of Health Management and Policy
Phone:
305-284-9920
Email:
sullmann@miami.edu
Deloitte Institute for Research & Practice in Analytics (DIRPA)
The Deloitte Institute for Research and Practice in Analytics (DIRPA) is an initiative funded by Deloitte and designed to bring together students and faculty from the University of Miami in a cross-disciplinary effort to better understand the business and analytic needs, challenges, and opportunities of industry and community organizations across the globe.
Role:
The Institute serves as a focal point and home for students and faculty from the University of Miami and select partner institutions throughout the globe, facilitating curricular, co-curricular, and industry-oriented activities related to business education, business analytics, and digital innovation.
Impact:
From developing business and analytics knowledge and skills, to inspiring analytics-driven digital innovation, to delivering pro-bono business and analytics consulting, the Institute focuses on developing university graduates and knowledge for a world in which analytics and digital innovation are at a premium across all sectors and geographies.
Learn More
Intelligent Computer System Research Institute (ICSRI)
The ICSRI is at the forefront of advancing artificial intelligence and computer systems. Its mission is to explore the depths of AI, validating and verifying its capabilities to ensure a safer, smarter future.
Learn More
The Johnson A. Edosomwan Leadership Institute
Change is a welcome constant in the business world. In recent years it has come with unparalleled speed and intensity. Successful organizations require leaders who can anticipate, embrace, and ultimately shape this change – leaders who can inspire passion and innovation across their organizations.
Forward-Thinking Programs:
To help meet the demand for such leaders, The Johnson A. Edosomwan Leadership Institute at Miami Herbert delivers a series of leadership-focused programs, products, and services.
We are very proud to offer best practices-based programs and products to assist aspiring and experienced leaders in shaping their leadership skills. These forward-thinking programs, lectures, and other initiatives enable leaders at every stage of their careers to manage more effectively, run results-driven organizations, and enhance human capital performance.
Where Leaders Go to Grow:
Our unique combination of diversity and intellectual richness, and our location at one of the world’s most vibrant cultural and economic crossroads, creates an ideal environment for developing leaders who can best meet the unique opportunities and challenges facing business leaders today. Here, you will find a world-class faculty, a unique and vibrant campus experience and a robust, accomplished and thriving alumni network.
Mission:
As an international, interdisciplinary center of excellence, The Johnson A. Edosomwan Leadership Institute turns established and aspiring executives, managers, and other professionals into high-performance leaders.
Vision:
Our vision is to excel as a premier global resource and knowledge center for the development of research, content, best practices, and talent in interdisciplinary leadership training, programs, competencies, certifications, and degrees.
Learn more
Interdisciplinary Research Clusters
Miami Herbert’s
research clusters
deliver world-class research that encourages interdisciplinary dialogues, research, and teaching across Miami Herbert departments as well as other schools and colleges at the University.
Business Analytics and Technology
Behavioral Decision-Making
Global Operations
Governance and Principled Leadership
Sustainable Business