URL: https://herbert.miami.edu/info-for/international-students.html
TITLE: International Students | Miami Herbert Business School | University of Miami

International Students
International students should investigate financial aid in their own countries. Government-sponsored scholarships, grants and government educational loans may be available.
Home
International Students
FINANCIAL AID FOR INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS
There are a limited number of private loan programs for eligible international students to borrow money for their education. Most private programs require a credit-worthy U.S. citizen or permanent resident as a co-signer and other restrictions apply.
International Education Financial Aid
website offers a comprehensive listing of grants, scholarships, loan programs and other information to assist students in their quest to study abroad.
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
FOR FORM I-20
All international students who require a student visa (F-1) must submit a bank verification statement or an official letter of sponsorship in English from their government or agency. The bank verification must include the student’s name and relationship to the sponsor, if other than the student, and verify that there are sufficient funds to cover the estimated expenses of two semesters of graduate studies listed on the enclosed estimated expense sheet. International students should begin this process as soon as possible.
If you wish to include your family, we will require the following: 1) in the bank verification or letter of sponsorship, list each family member’s name, date of birth, country of citizenship and relationship to you, and 2) financial support of $13,124 for your spouse or first dependent and $4,973 for each child per year.
The Certificate of Eligibility (I-20 Form) will be issued only once the above documentation is on file and the required enrollment fee has been received to reserve your place in the program. The bank verification or sponsorship letter must be dated no more than 6 months prior to enrollment. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us at (305) 284-2510 or email
mba@miami.edu
.
UNIVERSITY OF MIAMI INTERNATIONAL STUDENT AND SCHOLAR SERVICES
The Department of International Student and Scholar Services (ISSS) represents the needs and interests of the University of Miami international community and provides support services and programs for international students, scholars, observers and academic departments at UM.
Every year, approximately 2,725 international students (undergraduate and graduate), scholars (professors and researchers), and observers from more than 110 countries representing every region of the world study, teach, conduct research and observe at the University of Miami.
International students and scholars face some unique challenges as well as opportunities while pursuing their academic goals at UM. The professional and dedicated ISSS staff provides expert advice, services, programs, and information aimed at supporting your educational endeavors and enriching your U.S. experience over the entire course of your stay.
For more information, contact International Student and Scholar Services directly:
International Student and Scholar Services
Phone: 305-284-2928
Fax: 305-284-3409
In Person: Student Services
Whitten University Center
Monday-Friday
8:30 a.m.- 5:00 p.m.
Quick Links:
Academic Calendar
Blackboard
CaneLink
Faculty Directory