URL: https://herbert.miami.edu/undergraduate/degrees-majors-minors/bba-in-health-management.html
TITLE: Health Management, BBA | Miami Herbert Business School | University of Miami

Health Management and Policy, BBA
Make a commitment to a career in the fastest growing industry in America.
Home
Undergraduate
Degrees, Majors and Minors
Health Management, BBA
Objective
The Bachelor of Business Administration in Health Management and Policy is designed to provide Miami Herbert students with a basic understanding of the management, economic, and financial structure, as well as the legal, ethical, and governmental policy aspects of the health care industry
, preparing students for a wide range of careers or graduate study related to the business of health care
.
What You'll Learn
In addition to satisfying the requirements of the University’s Cognates Program of General Education and electives to meet the overall 120-credit degree requirement, students pursuing the BBA in Health Management and Policy must complete the BBA Business Core of Required Courses and the specific coursework for the Health Management and Policy major area of specialization.
Curriculum
Explore curriculum requirements, click
here.
Courses
For course offerings and details, click
here.
Program Type
Major
Degree
BBA
How to Apply
Faculty
Meet some of the distinguished faculty in the Health Policy and Management Department.
Alex M. Azar II
Senior Executive-In-Residence, Health Management & Policy
Danielle C. Ellerbe
Academic Director, Master of Health Administration Program
Assistant Professor of Practice, Health Management & Policy
Michael T. French
Department Chair and Professor, Health Management and Policy
Karoline Mortenson
Professor, Health Management and Policy, Associate Dean, Business Programs, Associate Director, Center for Health Management and Policy
Donna Shalala
Professor Emerita (Adjunct), Health Management and Policy
Steven G. Ullmann
Professor, Health Management and Policy, Academic Director, Health Executive MBA and MD/MBA Program, Director, Center for Health Management and Policy
See previous slide
See next slide
Meet Our Faculty
See previous slide
See next slide
Watch this video
Meet Professor Steven Ullmann
Watch this video
Meet Professor Karoline Mortensen
Start Your Miami Journey
Apply
Request Information
Visit Us