URL: https://herbert.miami.edu/undergraduate/visit.html
TITLE: Visit Us | Miami Herbert Business School | University of Miami

Visit Us
We can’t wait to see you!
Home
Undergraduate
Visit Us
University of Miami Campus Visit & Tour
Schedule Your Visit Today!
Patti & Allan
Herbert Business School
Information Session & Virtual Tour
Sign up for a
IN-PERSON
Herbert Business School Information Session
Sign up for a
VIRTUAL
Herbert Business School Information Session
To communicate with us directly:
Jaffee Center for Undergraduate Business
5202 University Drive, Merrick Building, Room 104
Coral Gables, FL 33146
Telephone: 305-284-4641
Toll-Free: 800-368-3795
Fax: 305-284-5024
Email:
JaffeeCenteratMHBS@miami.edu
Our Virtual Reception Zoom Room is open Mondays - Fridays between 9:30am and 4:30pm for you to log In and ask questions live and via the chat function.
Visit The Virtual Reception Zoom Room
Directions and Parking
Directions to University of Miami Coral Gables Campus
Driving from the North
From I-95
Take I-95 South. The highway feeds into U.S. 1; continue south on U.S. 1 about five miles. Make a right at Stanford Drive, crossing Ponce de Leon Blvd. Stop at the Information Booth for visitor parking information.
From I-75/826
Take I-75 to 826 (Palmetto Expressway) south to Miller Drive exit. Make a left onto Miller Road (SW 56th Street) and drive to end of road. Make a right onto San Amaro Drive to end. Turn left onto Ponce de Leon Boulevard. Make a left at third light onto Stanford Drive. Stop at the Information Booth for visitor parking information.
From Florida Turnpike
Take Florida Turnpike south to Bird Road (SW 40th Street) and exit east. Continue on Bird Road to LeJeune Road (42nd Avenue), turn right. Take a right onto Ponce de Leon Boulevard, then right onto Stanford Drive. Stop at the Information Booth for visitor parking information.
Driving from the South
From US-1
Take US 1 North through South Miami and make a left turn onto Stanford Drive (Book Horizons will be on the right).
From 826
Take 826 (Palmetto Expressway) West/North, to exit Miller Drive (SW 56th Street). Make a left turn onto Miller Road (SW 56th Street) and go east to the end of the road. Make a right turn onto San Amaro Drive. At the light at Ponce de Leon Boulevard, make a left turn and another left turn onto Stanford Drive at the light. Stop at the Information Booth for visitor parking information.
Driving from Miami International Airport
Exit airport onto LeJeune Road. Proceed south for approximately five miles (through downtown Coral Gables). Make a right turn onto Ponce de Leon Boulevard. At Stanford Drive (just after Granada Boulevard), make a right turn into the University of Miami. Stop at the Information Booth for visitor parking information.
Parking
For University of Miami visitors, either a valid UM parking pass is required between 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., Monday through Friday, or a paid meter is necessary.
Parking is available at:
Municipal parking meters - Please note that you will be ticketed if time expires.
Pavia Garage - Ask the information booth representative for directions to the Pavia Garage. You will need to purchase a parking pass from 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., Monday through Friday.
To familiarize yourself with all the parking facilities on campus, please refer to the
Coral Gables Campus map
.
Directions to Miami Herbert Undergraduate Business Education Office
Miami Herbert Business School is located on the north side of the cul-de-sac known as Stanford [Drive] Circle. As you approach the Stanford Circle, proceed down the pathway parallel to the canal. Walk to the center of the Miami Herbert Business School complex of buildings and continue down the path along the canal, beyond the elevators, to a large bricked courtyard with tall palms (Cesarano Circle). To your left, the Merrick Building has a breezeway running through its middle on the first floor. Proceed to the Merrick Building; Suite 104 is on the left side in the breezeway, across from the Center for Judaic Studies.
Rideshare Directions
Cabs and rideshares from Miami International Airport (i.e., Lyft, Uber, Super Shuttle) are available with prices ranging from approximately $15 to $25.
Address to use:
Merrick Building, Room 104
5202 University Drive
Coral Gables, FL 33146
You will be dropped off at the back of the Miami Herbert Business School complex in a large, bricked courtyard with tall palms (Cesarano Circle). Straight ahead is the Storer Auditorium. To the right is the Merrick Building, which has a breezeway running through its middle on the first floor. Proceed to the Merrick Building; Suite 104 is on the left side in the breezeway, across from the Center for Judaic Studies.