URL: https://www.duq.edu/academics/colleges-and-schools/nursing/undergraduate-programs/second-degree-bsn/index.php
TITLE: 2nd Degree BSN Program - Duquesne University

Second Degree BSN
Pursuing a second degree in nursing can be a life-changing decision towards a rewarding
career. By leveraging knowledge and experience from your first degree, our program
is a unique opportunity to build upon your existing skillset and experiences. We provide
you with a strong clinical foundation beginning in your first week of study. These
hands-on learning opportunities take place in our many
clinical sites and state-of-the-art Learning and Simulation Center.
By the end of the program, you will be prepared to become a Registered Nurse (RN).
Our most recent class scored a
100% first-time pass rate
on the NCLEX-RN licensure exam.
Attend a
virtual information session
to learn more about the Second Degree BSN program and your next steps to enrollment.
Have questions? Check our
FAQs
for quick answers about admissions and program details.
Applications for Fall 2026 open Aug 1.
REQUEST INFO
Apply Now
Program Information
Earn a Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) in 12 or 16 months through our accelerated
Second Degree BSN program. This onsite nursing program is for those who already have
a non-nursing bachelor's degree.
Program Type
Major
Degree
Bachelor's
School
School of Nursing
Academic Department
Undergraduate Programs (Nursing)
Duration
12 or 16 months
Required Credit Hours
67
Modality
In-Person
100% NCLEX-RN Pass Rate
We will help you prepare to be successful on the NCLEX-RN exam, which you are eligible
to take after graduation for licensure as a registered nurse (RN). Our graduates who
tested in the Q1 2026 cycle achieved a 100% NCLEX-RN Exam first-time pass rate.
Student and Alumni Perspectives
Go to the previous testimonial.
Go to the next testimonial.
It was an honor to meet Mr. Conway and attend the grand opening of the new simulation
center. His generosity through the Conway Scholarship has made my nursing education
at Duquesne possible, and I am deeply grateful for his investment in my future.
Luna
Second Degree BSN Student
Preparing the Next Generation
I was drawn to Duquesne because I did my undergrad degree (early childhood education)
here and loved my experience and all of my professors. When I began my teaching career,
I felt extremely supported and prepared and was confident I would feel the same after
finishing the nursing program.
Emma
Second Degree BSN Alumni, Class of 2024
I chose the 16-month track because it aligned with my education needs. I am currently
at the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh in their Cardiac ICU. I couldn't be more
excited about this opportunity! I know that I am very fortunate to have made the connections
that I did while at Duquesne that helped make this career possible.
Ben
Second Degree BSN Alumni, Class of 2023
Clinicals have been really impactful to me. We learn about the medication administration
in our classes and our labs but to really have our own patient and be able to assist
them in real life is very different.  It gives you a better glimpse into what you'll
be doing as a nurse in 12 or 16 months.
Kelsey
Second Degree BSN Alumni, Class of 2022
Hear from Kelsey
Sometimes in nursing you do great things that go unnoticed—make sure that you
always remember to celebrate your own victories.'
Joey
Second Degree BSN Alumni, Class of 2023
Learn About Joey's Experience
I was looking to find a school that offered a rigorous nursing program and the
opportunity to continue my athletic career as a cheerleader. A friend of mine graduated
from the 12 month track, and she had the most positive remarks about the nursing program.
When I noticed the high NCLEX pass rate for Duquesne nurses, I knew I would be set
up for success.
Ainslee
Second Degree BSN Alumni, Class of 2025
My favorite part of Duquesne University's nursing program to date has been how
quickly they get you into those and have you doing direct patient care.  As you start
to go through your clinicals, you're exposed more and more and you're trusted more
and more to provide certain skills you get delegated.
Jessica
Second Degree BSN Alumni, Class of 2022
Hear from Jessica
With programs like the Conway Scholars Program, Duquesne was much more affordable
than many of the other private schools that I looked at. Also, the exceptionally high
first-time NCLEX pass rate assured me that the education I received here would prepare
me well to not only pass the NCLEX, but also enable me to be a safe and competent
nurse.
Lydia
Second Degree BSN Alumni, Class of 2024
More about BSN Second Degree
Application Resources
Submit Your Enrollment Deposit
Complete Your Prerequisite Coursework
Attend Admitted Student Day
Prepare Your Financial Aid
How Credits are Calculated
Viewbooks, Catalogs, and Handbooks
International Students
Courses
Submit Your Enrollment Deposit
Submit Your Deposit
Please log in to your Duquesne Applicant Portal and complete your Enrollment Response
Form.
Complete Your Prerequisite Coursework
Prerequisite Coursework
Your acceptance letter will inform you if you have outstanding prerequisites. Please
be sure to review your application portal to determine what courses need completed.
The official transcripts for these are due on August 17, 2026.
No exceptions will be made.
Attend Admitted Student Day
Admitted Student Day
Join us on campus for a special event designed
exclusively for admitted Second Degree BSN students
!
Connect with faculty, staff, and student success coaches who will support you throughout
your journey at Duquesne. You'll also have the chance to hear from current Nursing
students, tour our state-of-the-art simulation and skills labs, and experience what
it's like to be part of Duquesne's Nursing community.
Register Here
Prepare Your Financial Aid
Financial Aid
Visit the Office of Financial Aid web site for detailed information on applying for
financial aid. They can be contacted by -
Phone:
(412) 396-6607, or
Email:
faofficeFREEDUQUESNE
How Credits are Calculated
How Credits are Calculated
Transfer credits from your previous degree - 36 credits
Prerequisites* taken for the Second Degree Program - 25 credits
Credits taken at Duquesne University School of Nursing in the Second Degree Program
- 67 credits
Total Credits for the Second Degree Program - 128 credits
*Prerequisites may be completed at any accredited college or university, and online
coursework is acceptable. For example, we do accept credit from
Portage Learning
, which offers all prerequisite courses required for the Second Degree program.
Viewbooks, Catalogs, and Handbooks
Viewbooks, Catalogs, and Handbooks
BSN Second Degree Viewbook (Coming Soon)
Nursing Technical Standards
University Viewbook
Undergraduate University Catalog
Technology Requirements
Traditional BSN, Second Degree BSN and BME/BSN Student Handbook
International Students
Information for International Students
Second Degree BSN admissions process and requirements for international students
Access the Duquesne Immigration Portal
The Center for Global Engagement's accepted students site, DuqGlobal, for complete
information on submitting the necessary forms, applying for your visa and international
student orientation.
Courses
Course Registration
Your academic advisor will contact you towards the beginning of summer to ensure your
course registration. For more information on course registration, visit the Office
of the University Registrar.
Curriculum
View Course Descriptions
12-Month Track (67 Credits)
Fall Semester - 22 credits
UPNS 119 Contemporary Professional Nursing and Technology (3 credits)
UPNS 218/L Health Assessment and Lab (4 credits - 3 theory/1 clinical lab)
UPNS 200 Fundamentals of Nursing and Clinical Ethics (6 credits - 4 theory/2 clinical
lab)
UPNS 326 Pathophysiology for Nursing Practice (3 credits)
UPNS 339 Genetics in Nursing and Health (3 credits)
UPNS 324 Cultural Applications in Clinical Practice (3 credits)
Spring Semester - 24 credits
UPNS 309 Pharmacology for Nursing Practice (3 credits)
UPNS 232 Adult Health and Illness I (6 credits - 4 theory/2 clinical)
UPNS 344 Nursing for Children’s Health (3 credits - 2 theory/1 clinical)
UPNS 348 Nursing for Maternal-Newborn Health (3 credits - 2 theory/1 clinical)
UPNS 355 Behavioral Health (3 credits - 2 theory/1 clinical)
UPNS 357 Population Health (3 credits - 2 theory/1 clinical)
UPNS 411W Nursing Ethics Across the Lifespan (3 credits)
Summer Semester - 21 credits
UPNS 400 Critically Ill Adult (6 credits - 4 theory/2 clinical)
UPNS 424 Leadership and Management in Clinical Environments (3 credits)
UPNS 453 Transition to Professional Practice (3 credits)
UPNS 349 Adult Health and Illness II: Care of the Geriatric Adult (6 credits - 4 theory/2
clinical)
UPNS 431 Enhancing Quality and Safety through EBP and Technology (3 credits)
W = Writing Intensive
Revisions to curricula are ongoing.
16-Month Track (67 Credits)
Fall Semester - 19 credits
UPNS 119 Contemporary Professional Nursing and Technology (3 credits)
UPNS 218/L Health Assessment and Lab (4 credits - 3 theory/1 clinical lab)
UPNS 200 Fundamentals of Nursing and Clinical Ethics (6 credits - 4 theory/2 clinical
lab)
UPNS 326 Pathophysiology for Nursing Practice (3 credits)
UPNS 324 Cultural Applications in Clinical Practice (3 credits)
Spring Semester - 18 credits
UPNS 309 Pharmacology for Nursing Practice (3 credits)
UPNS 232 Adult Health and Illness I (6 credits - 4 theory/2 clinical)
UPNS 344*** Nursing for Children’s Health (3 credits - 2 theory/1 clinical)
UPNS 348*** Nursing for Maternal-Newborn Health (3 credits - 2 theory/1 clinical)
UPNS 339 Genetics in Nursing and Health (3 credits)
Summer Semester - 12 credits
UPNS 431 Enhancing Quality and Safety through EBP and Technology (3 credits)
UPNS 424 Leadership and Management in Clinical Environments (3 credits)
UPNS 349 Adult Health and Illness II: Care of the Geriatric Adult (6 credits - 4 theory/2
clinical)
Fall Semester - 18 credits
UPNS 355*** Behavioral Health (3 credits - 2 theory/1 clinical)
UPNS 357*** Population Health (3 credits - 2 theory/1 clinical)
UPNS 400 Critically Ill Adult (6 credits - 4 theory/2 clinical)
UPNS 411W Nursing Ethics Across the Lifespan (3 credits)
UPNS 453 Transition to Professional Practice (3 credits)
W = Writing Intensive
Revisions to curricula are ongoing.
*** These four Specialty Courses are taken in the spring and fall semesters. Half
of the 16-month students will take Nursing for Children’s Health and Nursing for Maternal-Newborn
Health in the spring, and Behavioral Health and Population Health in the fall. The
other half will take the reverse sequence.
Frequently Asked Questions
Commonly asked questions about the BSN Second Degree program
When is the application deadline?
The application deadline is June 1.
How long is the program and when does it begin?
The Second Degree BSN program offers a 12-month and 16-month pathway.  Both begin
each year in August.
Is the program full-time or can I go part-time?
The program is full-time onl, with the majority of class and clinical experiences
taking place during the daytime.
Am I able to work while enrolled in the program?
It is strongly recommended that you do not work due to the time and effort necessary
to excel in this program.
Where can I complete the prerequisite coursework?
The coursework may be completed at any accredited college or university.  Online coursework
is acceptable.  For example, we do accept courses from Portage Learning, which offers
all prerequisite courses required for the Second Degree program.
Do the prerequisites need to be completed before I apply to the program?
No.  You may apply to the program before completing the prerequisites.  If accepted,
your admission will be contingent upon successful completion of the coursework before
the program begins.
What kind of support can I expect?
In addition to having access to a faculty mentor, tutors and a remediation expert,
you'll also find numerous campus resources to aid in your professional and personal
growth, such as the Writing Center, University Counseling and Wellbeing Center, Disability
Services, and the Office for Military and Veteran Students.
What is the NCLEX-RN exam and what is the preparation?
The NCLEX-RN Exam is the National Certification Licensure Examination for Registered
Nurses. All nursing students are required by law to take the NCLEX-RN in order to
become licensed registered nurses. The NCLEX-RN is taken after graduation from an
accredited nursing program.
NCLEX preparation begins in the first semester of the Second Degree Program. Students
use particular software programs to promote success in their courses as well as on
the NCLEX. Faculty are committed to active learning strategies that enhance critical
thinking and test taking skills. Nursing exams are constructed similarly to the NCLEX
and NCLEX questions are used during class time as a teaching strategy.
Students take a specific nursing course in the final semester that focuses on the
NCLEX-RN exam. Students will have the opportunity to take standardized clinical specialty
exams and a comprehensive exam to prepare them for the NCLEX-RN exam. Duquesne employs
the Health Education Systems Incorporated (HESI), a United States company that provides
exams and other educational material designed to prepare student nurses for professional
licensure and predict their likely success in tests such as the NCLEX-RN. Duquesne
requires a score of 900 on the Exit HESI Exam in the student's final course, Role
Preparation II.
Ask a Question
Do you have questions about the Second Degree program?
Kylie Woodward
Nursing Recruiter
(412) 396-6534
woodwardk2FREEDUQUESNE
551C Fisher Hall
Additional Resources
Explore Housing Options
Dedicated on-campus housing is available for students.  Learn more about
on-campus housing options
.
Pittsburgh is an affordable city with numerous housing options in vibrant neighborhoods
close to campus. For students interested in
off-campus housing
, the Office of Commuter Affairs is an excellent resource to learn about neighborhoods.
Parking/Transportation Options
Duquesne University offers parking services and permit options; however, students
are not required to purchase a permit. There are many options for on-campus parking
such as garages, lots, and shuttle services. To view rates and download a permit form,
visit the
Parking Services.
Health Insurance
It is the policy of Duquesne University that
all students
have medical
Health Insurance
while at the University. Every student has the option to purchase the University
medical plan or to provide evidence of private health insurance coverage.
Learning Outcomes
Integrates clinical judgement skills and nursing knowledge, as well as knowledge from
other disciplines, in providing culturally congruent care for individuals, families,
and diverse groups/populations.
Provides culturally congruent and holistic nursing care to persons, families, and
communities of similar and diverse cultural contexts.
Incorporates knowledge of health disparities and social determinants of health in
all areas of nursing practice focusing on health equity and advocacy across the healthcare
delivery continuum.
Engages in evidence-based practice to improve patient outcomes and transform health
care.
Utilizes system effectiveness and individual performance to improve the quality and
safety of nursing practice.
Fosters innovation in the area of interprofessional education and collaborative practice.
Institutes collaborative efforts to help prepare nurses navigating within complex
health care organizations using system-based practices.
Utilizes evolving information technologies to provide safe, quality care and enhance
professional nursing practice.
Models the characteristics of professional nursing practice by valuing caring practices,
demonstrating accountability, and acting with moral agency.
Participates in ongoing activities that enhance professional growth, personal well-being,
and leadership capacity.
Accreditation
The Second Degree BSN program at Duquesne University School of Nursing is accredited
by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE).
Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE)
(202) 887-6791
655 K Street NW, Suite 750, Washington DC, 20001