URL: https://www.duq.edu/academics/colleges-and-schools/nursing/undergraduate-programs/second-degree-bsn/admissions.php
TITLE: Second Degree Admissions | Duquesne University School of Nursing

Admission Criteria
BS or BA degree from an accredited college or university
Your degree may be in progress with an anticipated degree conferral date prior to
the start of the program).
Undergraduate GPA of 3.0 or higher
The Admissions Committee may consider recent courses that provide evidence of your
academic ability to succeed in this accelerated program.
Completion of prerequisites prior to fall start of program
You may apply to the Second Degree BSN program prior to completing prerequisite coursework,
but it must be completed prior to start of program with a grade of "C" or higher (a
"C-" will not be accepted.) It's recommended that you complete as many of the required
science prerequisites that you can prior to submitting your application. For success
in this accelerated program, you must have a solid understanding of the content in
the prerequisite courses.
The prerequisite coursework may completed at any accredited college or university.
Online coursework is acceptable and, in fact, Portage Learning offers all prerequisite
courses required for the Second Degree program.
Learn more about Portage and its course offerings.
Completed within the last 5 years:
Anatomy and Physiology I with lab (4 credits)
Anatomy and Physiology II with lab (4 credits)
Completed within the last 10 years:
Biology or Chemistry with lab (4 credits)
Human Growth and Development (across the lifespan)* (3 credits)
Microbiology with lab (4 credits)
Nutrition (3 credits)
Statistics (3 credits)
*Or similar course covering the following material: Theories of human development
from conception through death with emphasis placed on an individual's psychological,
cognitive, psychosocial, and spiritual development within the context of the family,
community and culture. (A syllabus is required for courses that have another course
title.)
Applicants (and students) must meet the
Technical Standards for Admission
and the health requirements found in the
Traditional BSN and Second Degree BSN Student Handbook.
There are additional criteria if you are an
international applicant.
Please note:
if you have a criminal conviction in your past and are concerned about whether it
could prevent you from getting a Nursing license, it is your responsibility to read
this document and act accordingly.
How to Apply to the Second Degree BSN program