URL: https://www.duq.edu/academics/colleges-and-schools/health-sciences/applying-to-the-health-sciences/transfer-applicant-instructions.php
TITLE: Instructions for Transfer Students

Applying as a transfer student
Step 1:
Please complete and submit the correct application:
Internal Transfer Application
- students currently attending Duquesne University who want to change majors
External Transfer Application
- students at another college or university who want to transfer to Duquesne University
Step 2:
Internal Transfer Applicant
: submit your essay at the time of applying. You may also email your personal essay
to
Jeff%20Ptak
. Questions, call (412) 396-5653.
External Transfer Applicant
: review the checklist in your applicant portal and submit all of the required documents.
For questions, contact the Office of
Undergraduate%20Admissions
at (412) 396-6222.
Recommended Grade Point Averages (GPA)
Athletic Training - 2.75 GPA
Biomedical Engineering - 3.0 GPA
Health Administration - 2.75 GPA
Health Sciences - 2.75 GPA
Occupational Therapy - 3.0 GPA overall, 3.0 GPA in science/math courses
Physical Therapy - 3.0 GPA overall, 3.0 GPA in science/math courses
Public Health - 2.75 GPA
Speech-Language Pathology - 3.0 GPA
Additional Notes
Occupational Therapy and Physical Therapy applicants should provide a complete summary
of all health care experiences, which must indicate the facility name, supervisor's
name (including signature and licensure number where applicable), dates of experience(s),
and types of responsibilities and/or observations. Occupational therapy applicants
will be required to provide documentation of a minimum of 40 shadowing hours directly
with a registered and licensed occupational therapist prior to entrance to the professional
phase (December of the third year). Physical therapy applicants must include documentation
of 100 volunteer hours in a minimum of two different clinical sites prior to admittance
into the professional phase of the program fall of the fourth year.)
Only courses with a grade of "C" or better are eligible to transfer. The University
honors +/- grades, with the exception of C-,' which is unacceptable.
** Due to capacity constraints we only consider first-time freshman to the
Physician Assistant Studies
program. We are not accepting transfer or second-degree applications at this time.