URL: https://www.duq.edu/admission-and-aid/how-to-apply/transfer/index.php
TITLE: Transfer Admissions

More in This Section
It's Time For Bigger Goals.
Each year, more than 250 students make the switch to Duquesne. We make it easy to
transfer; students are admitted on a rolling basis, meaning you're welcome to apply
for a fall, spring or summer start.
Whether you're looking for a fresh start, exploring a new major, or seeking a place
that feels like home, transferring to Duquesne can help you achieve your bigger goals.
We will walk alongside you each step of the way assisting you in finding your academic
fit, introducing you to horizon-expanding opportunities and experiences, and connect
you to life-changing people. It’s time to go beyond—and we’ll show you how.
Why Transfer to Duquesne?
Transfer-friendly curriculum:
Our Bridges curriculum
is designed to help you make the most of your previous credits and accelerate your
path to graduation.
Generous credit acceptance: We accept up to 60 credits from a two-year college and
up to 90 from a four-year institution.
Rolling admissions: Apply for fall, spring, or summer, whenever you're ready to take
the next step.
Scholarships and financial aid: You’ll be automatically considered for academic scholarships.
Personalized support: From application to orientation, our team walks alongside you
to ensure a smooth transition.
Sign up for Transfer Information
A Leader in Supporting Transfer Students
Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society
(PTK)
named Duquesne University to its 2025 Transfer Honor Roll
in recognition of the dynamic pathways they have created to support transfer students.
Duquesne is one of only 251 schools to earn this prestigious recognition.
Qualified PTK honorees may be eligible for direct admission to Duquesne. Please contact
Kevin%20Zimmerman
for details.
How to Apply
The Application
Additional Requirements
Financial Aid & Scholarships
The Application
Application Options
Domestic and international transfer students can submit Duquesne's Application, find
us on Common App or the Coalition with Scoir Application. Choose the application that
works for you!
Duquesne App
Common App
Scoir x Coalition for College
All application platforms are reviewed by the same standards for admission and will
not impact your admissions decision.
Questions?
Contact your admissions counselor or send a note to
admissionsFREEDUQUESNE
or call (412) 396-6222.
Additional Requirements
Applicant Portal
After you submit your application, you will have access to your applicant portal where
you'll find a checklist of additional materials that may be required. (You'll receive
an email from the Office of Undergraduate Admissions when you're able to log in to
your portal.)
Applicant Portal
Essay
A personal essay is only required for certain health professions (Athletic Training,
Occupational Therapy, Physical Therapy, Physician Assistant Studies, and Speech-Language
Pathology) applicants and optional for other programs.
Please discuss the following:
Tell us something about yourself, why you chose your desired major, and why you would
like to attend Duquesne University. You may also include any shadowing or volunteer
opportunities that you have experienced.
Submit your essay via our application portal (after you've applied). If you choose
to apply via Common App, we will accept the Common App essay for all programs listed
above -- with the exception of Physician Assistant Studies.
Additional Requirements
Transcripts & Degree Requirements
Any additional requirements for specific programs will be included in your checklist
but you can
review requirements now to prepare
.
Questions?
Contact your admissions counselor or if you haven't met them yet just send a note
to
admissionsFREEDUQUESNE
or call (412) 396-6222.
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Financial Aid
Submit or update your FAFSA and any applicable state grant applications with Duquesne's
school code, 003258. Be sure to list Duquesne as your top choice for the PA State
Grant if you are a resident.
Learn more about Financial Aid
Scholarships
You are automatically considered for academic scholarships based on your grades from
community college or other four year college or university. Start planning ahead by
reviewing the scholarship ranges
and using our
Net Price Calculator
.
If you are a community college student and member of the PTK honor roll, you may be
eligible for an additional $2,500 scholarship.
Transfer Testimonials
More Student Transfer Stories
Go to the previous testimonial.
Go to the next testimonial.
“If you're hesitant about transferring to Duquesne, don’t worry. The support
here has been excellent, and I’m very grateful for the opportunity. I would encourage
anyone considering a transfer to take that step."
Luke Poljak, B’27
Finance and Entrepreneurship & Innovation double major
Luke's horizon-expanding education
"I felt like Duquesne had the strongest education programs. Being within the
city, access to the dual-degree program and being able to join the Honors College
made me very grateful that I transferred."
Nina D’Eramo, E’26, A’26
Secondary English Education and English double major
Nina finds her fit
“Duquesne was so welcoming to me. They reached out to me personally and really
made the process easy. I knew it was the place for me. My education at Duquesne allowed
me to earn my degree and has motivated me to reach for bigger goals. It’s been a great
experience.”
Charles Harris, S'25
Health Sciences alumnus
Charles reaches his bigger goal
"One of the main reasons I transferred to Duquesne was because of the large gym
and all of the classes and equipment available to students. The Power Center has a
lot of diverse machinery that other gyms don’t have."
Lily Faith DeLong, B'26
Digital Marketing and Analytics major
Lily gets involved in wellbeing
"I transferred from CCAC. Those credits transferred into Duquesne seamlessly–I
just had to follow the syllabus! Duquesne offered a more personalized, valuable experience
with professors and a lot of opportunities to get real-world experience with local
employers. On top of that, the financial aid I received from Duquesne surpassed what
other colleges offered."
Roberto Laporte, B'22
Information Systems Technology and Supply Chain Management alumnus and Senior Change
Management Consultant for IBM
Hear from Roberto
"The transfer process was smooth, simple and supportive, thanks to the incredible
staff. From the moment I submitted my application into the first few weeks of classes
in fall 2024, I had a dedicated staff mentor guiding me every step of the way. He
answered all my questions, provided clear direction and made the entire experience
welcoming and stress free."
Andrew Pallus, P'28
Pharmacy major
How to Transfer
Scenic Campus Overlooking Downtown Pittsburgh
Tour campus in person or virtually!
Pittsburgh: Where We Learn Together
Get to know the city and discover all that Pittsburgh has to offer!
Connect with Us
Contact our offices of Admission or Financial Aid and schedule a visit to campus to
learn more about Duquesne University!
Undergraduate Admissions
Connect with the counselor who works with future Duquesne Dukes in your area!
(412) 396-6222
admissionsFREEDUQUESNE
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Schedule a financial planning conversation, ask questions or find the information
you need with these resources and contacts.
(412) 396-6607
faofficeFREEDUQUESNE
Enrollment Student Services
If you aren't sure who to ask, our Student Services Office is a good place to start.
They can address concerns related to financial aid, billing, housing, academic success
and more!
servestudentsFREEDUQUESNE