URL: https://www.duq.edu/admission-and-aid/visit-us/visit-us.php
TITLE: Visit Us at the Duquesne University Campus

More in This Section
Explore Campus
Have You Visited Us Yet?
Plan your Visit
Take an immersive campus tour led by an Admissions Ambassador, dive into an engaging
information session, or experience the buzz of a
DUQ Days Open House
. Come see why students love our vibrant campus and unbeatable location! Upcoming
DUQ Days are
June 27
,
Oct. 24
, and
Nov. 7
.
Visit us for an Admitted Student Day — an immersive, full‑day experience created for
admitted high school seniors and transfer students. Explore campus, meet our community,
and discover the programs and resources waiting for you as a future Duquesne student.
Explore Duquesne your way with virtual events, an interactive
virtual tour
, or a
self‑guided
walk around campus—just grab a map from the kiosk outside the Administration Building.
Find the visit experience that fits you best, or meet us at a
college fair in your area
!
Join Us at an Upcoming Event
Explore Our Neighborhood
Not only do Duquesne students love our location because of our park-like campus, but
also because
Pittsburgh
is a destination itself!
From special hotel rates and resources to planning a weekend of activities for the
whole family, check out our
guide to help you plan your trip
.
NFL Draft Visits April 22-25
With the first pick in the 2026 NFL draft, the Duquesne Dukes select .... you!
We're offering special visits (April 22-25) around the NFL draft in Pittsburgh. See
Duquesne's beautiful campus overlooking downtown Pittsburgh while you're in town.
Schedule Your Visit
Plan your visit
Everyone is welcome. Register today!
Explore all visit opportunities
Go to the previous card.
Go to the next card.
Prospective Student Visit
From starting your college search or doing another visit as an admitted student, these
visits are for you! Register for a campus tour, an information session, a school-specific
visit or virtual event.
All Visits
Admitted Student Days
Admitted Student Days are best for admitted high school seniors and transfer students
who want to spend a full day on campus, learning about the resources and programs
available to them as a Duquesne student. The next Admitted Student Day is Saturday,
April 3, 2027.
DUQ Days
These are our most spectacular open house events with hundreds of attendees! Everyone
is welcome to explore Duquesne at one of our DUQ Days! The next DUQ Day is Saturday,
June 27. Future DUQ Days are Oct. 24 and Nov. 7.
Get Details & Register for June 27
Graduate Campus & Virtual Visits
Connect with us or a representative of the school you are interested in to learn more
about a program and schedule a visit to campus or virtual meeting. Graduate campus
tours occur once a month on a Saturday.
Graduate Campus Visits
Upcoming Events
All Admissions Events
DUQ Day Open House
Join us for a day of exploring campus, meeting current students and faculty—your future support system, and maybe even future friends or roommates! Learn more about our 10 schools of study, 300+ student organizations, student services and more!
DUQ Day tentative schedule
Jun. 27, 2026
08:30 am
-
02:30 pm
Duquesne University
More About This Event
DUQ Day Open House
Join us for a day of exploring campus, meeting current students and faculty—your future support system, and maybe even future friends or roommates! Learn more about our 10 schools of study, 300+ student organizations, student services and more!
DUQ Day tentative schedule
Oct. 24, 2026
08:30 am
-
02:30 pm
Duquesne University
More About This Event
DUQ Day Open House
Join us for a day of exploring campus, meeting current students and faculty—your future support system, and maybe even future friends or roommates! Learn more about our 10 schools of study, 300+ student organizations, student services and more!
DUQ Day tentative schedule
Nov. 07, 2026
08:30 am
-
02:30 pm
Duquesne University
More About This Event
Plan Your Trip
About Pittsburgh
Stay in Town
Arrive with Confidence
Explore the Culture
Catch a Game
Experience the Outdoors
Stay in Town
Discover all that Pittsburgh has to offer while you are in town!
Making it a weekend getaway or coming in from out of town? We have
partnerships with several hotels near campus
and exclusive offers for Duquesne visitors at the
Cambria Pittsburgh Downtown
,
Drury Hotel
and
Pittsburgh Marriott City Center
.
Pittsburgh skyline from Mount Washington
Arrive with Confidence
Where to Park & How to Get Around
Visit our
Parking information page
for visitor parking information and explore the
campus map
to locate buildings, entrances and key destinations before you arrive.
Explore the Culture
A City with 90 Neighborhoods
From museums and Broadway shows to concerts and global cuisine spanning 90 unique
neighborhoods, there is something for everyone in Pittsburgh! Check out these sites
for activities, event calendars and advice for planning your trip:
The original Primanti Bros. in the Strip District
Visit Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh Cultural Trust
Carnegie Museums
Pittsburgh area concerts
15 Foods You Can Only Get in Pittsburgh
Catch a Game
Pro and College Sports
Are you a fan of baseball, football, hockey or soccer? All the pro teams are located
right here in the city! Check out a game while you are in town:
PPG Paints Arena, where the Pittsburgh Penguins play, is only steps away from campus!
Pittsburgh Pirates Baseball
Pittsburgh Penguins Hockey
Pittsburgh Steelers Football
Pittsburgh Riverhounds Soccer
... and don't forget about our Dukes! Check out a game on campus with
Duquesne Athletics.
Experience the Outdoors
Stay Active
If hiking, biking or kayaking is more your style, have that too! Pittsburgh's mid-Atlantic
location makes it a beautiful place for a variety of outdoor activities.
Duquesne students jogging on the Roberto Clemente bridge in downtown Pittsburgh
Trails
Allegheny County Parks
Skiing
Kayaking and Paddlesport
Bike Pittsburgh
Running
Launch Experience
Plan a visit for Students
Do you want to bring a group of students to tour Duquesne? We would love to see you
on campus!
During a visit, your group can view a presentation to learn about the admissions process
and academic programs offered at the University, in addition to taking a guided tour
of our beautiful campus.
Please complete
Group Visit Form
or email
visitduquesneFREEDUQUESNE
to start planning your visit.
We can't wait to welcome you to campus!
Schedule a Group Visit