URL: https://www.duq.edu/admission-and-aid/how-to-apply/international/apply-now/undergraduate/english-gateway.php
TITLE: The Duquesne Gateway

Learn English while earning credit toward your undergraduate degree
Students can apply for an undergraduate degree at Duquesne with or without English
language test scores. Here's how it works:
The Gateway Program is designed for students seeking admission to Duquesne while improving
their academic English skills.
You can be admitted as a degree student for the Summer (May), Fall (August) or Spring
(January) semesters and begin your English coursework immediately.
You will complete English coursework while earning up to a total of 15 credits toward
your undergraduate degree.
Once you complete the Gateway coursework satisfactorily, you may begin your degree
program right away.
If you have a TOEFL, IELTS, Duolingo English Test, or PTE Academic score:  You will
study for 1, 2 or 3 semesters (4 months, 8 months or 12 months of study) depending
on your score.
No test score:  No problem! You will be tested and placed in appropriate English courses
once you arrive on campus.
The Duquesne Gateway Program Structure
Each semester at Duquesne is a total of 4 months. You can complete the Gateway Program
(English and academic courses) in 4, 8 or 12 months and finish within one year.
Gateway 1
Gateway 2
Gateway 3
Minimum English Score
40-49 iBT / 4.5 IELTS / 65-74 Duolingo English Test / 38 PTE Academic
50-59 iBT / 5.0 IELTS / 75-84 Duolingo English Test / 41 PTE Academic
60-69 iBT / 5.5 IELTS / 85-94 Duolingo English Test / 44 PTE Academic
Number of Semesters
3
2
1
Courses
5 GEI Level 2 courses  (2 credits)*
+
1-credit course, as determined with academic advisor
5 GEI Level 3 courses (2 credits)*
+
2 1-credit courses, as determined with academic advisor
3 GEI Academic Prep 1 courses, selected according to subsection scores (2 credits)
+
2 3-credit courses,  as determined with academic advisor
Credits Toward Degree
3
4
8
* Students receive 2 credits for each level of ESL completed.
Academic courses at Duquesne are typically 3 credits each (12 credits = full-time
coursework).
Students must pass each class with a C or better to be approved for full admission
to the academic degree program.
If you don't have the minimum test scores, you can still apply. Explore the
Global English Institute
and learn about Foundation and Level 1 classes.