URL: https://www.duq.edu/admission-and-aid/how-to-apply/international/apply-now/undergraduate/index.php
TITLE: International Undergraduate Applicants

Bachelor's Degree or Undergraduate Degree
If you are a student applying for the first time and need additional support, please
email%20us
.
Apply Now!
Required Documents
Completed Online Application
Transcripts
Original or attested copies of official academic records from the last four years
of your education.
Credentials should be submitted in the native language with certified English translations
and sent directly from the school and/or university you attended.
You can upload your official and final grade reports directly to the application portal.
If you are unable to upload your original documents, please contact the
Center%20for%20Global%20Engagement
.
If you have enrolled in an English as Second Language (ESL) program in the United
States, you also must submit the ESL transcripts.
Recommendation Letter
At least one (1) letter of recommendation from someone who can attest to both your
academic and personal strengths.
Freshman Essay
Submit a personal statement of at least 300 words which answers the following questions
and includes examples of research, shadowing or volunteering experiences:
What is unique about you?
Why have you chosen this major?
How will Duquesne help you to achieve your academic, personal, and professional goals?
English Language Scores
International undergraduate students can apply in one of two ways:
Submit a TOEFL, IELTS, Pearson Test of English, Duolingo English Test, or a score
of 540 or higher on the SAT Evidence-Based Reading and Writing section.
Test upon arrival to campus.
Eligibility
To be considered for admission you must have graduated from a secondary school recognized
as an acceptable equivalent to a U.S. high school and you must demonstrate a record
of acceptable academic success.
In general, undergraduate applicants are expected to obtain the U.S. equivalent of
a minimum 3.0 Grade Point Average (GPA) for most majors.
The Center for Global Engagement takes into the account the educational system and
grading system particular to your country; therefore, you are evaluated against students
from the same country.
Click here to see a list of countries and relevant documents that we consider the
equivalent of a high school transcript.
Please Note:
Once your application is complete, it takes about two to three weeks for an admissions
decision to be made.
Please read our
English Proficiency Requirements page
for detailed information on how we evaluate your application.
An initial interview is not formally required before your application, but you can
request an interview with an admissions officer if you would like to articulate additional
information.
The Center for Global Engagement reserves the right to require an interview after
examining your admissions materials if we would like more information before our admissions
decision.
Duquesne is a holistic institution that takes into consideration other skills outside
of academic life, such as teamwork, leadership, initiative and compassion.