URL: https://www.duq.edu/admission-and-aid/how-to-apply/undergraduate/connect-with-counselor.php
TITLE: Connect with a Counselor

More in This Section
Admissions Counselors
Connect with the counselor who works with future Duquesne Dukes in your area! Counselors
are listed by area below. We also have a specific transfer admissions counselor and
an ROTC, military and veteran specific representative. Scroll to find your counselor
or use the button to skip to that section.
Duquesne makes its easy to
transfer
. Each year, more than 250 students make the switch to Duquesne. Students are admitted
on a rolling basis, meaning you're welcome to apply for a fall, spring or summer start.
Counselor
Kevin Zimmerman
is our transfer specialist.
The Office of Admissions is open 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. eastern time Monday through
Friday. You can view individual counselor schedules to select what's most convenient
or call (412) 396-6222 and we'll schedule an appointment for you.
Find Your Counselor
Our counselors are on tour at high schools and college fairs near you. Click below
to see when they may be in your area.
High School Visits
College Fairs
Financial Aid
Admissions counselors and financial aid counselors are available for Financial Planning
Conversations. If you have financial aid-specific questions you can also
schedule a virtual meeting, call or email the office or find answers to frequently
asked questions.
Contact Financial Aid
International Admissions
Find resources about the
admissions process for international students
or via
email
.
Graduate Admissions
The Office of Admissions has a centralized contact for all things graduate education
at Duquesne, or you can find a contact person for the school or program of interest.
Graduate Contacts
Admissions Team
Once you find your counselor you can click their name to schedule a virtual appointment
or call or email with any questions.
The Office of Admissions is open 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. eastern time Monday through
Friday. You can view individual counselor schedules to select what's most convenient
or call (412) 396-6222 and we can make an appointment for you.
Alyssa Bixby
Counselor for students in Delaware, Maryland, Virginia and the D.C. Metro Area
Office of Undergraduate Admissions
(412) 396-6218
bixbyaFREEDUQUESNE
Administration Building
Christopher Boissonnault
Counselor for all students interested in ROTC, currently serving in the armed forces,
and veterans
Office of Military and Veteran Services
(412) 396-5366
boissonnaultcFREEDUQUESNE
Libermann Hall - 1M
Manny Bravo
Counselor for graduate nursing programs
School of Nursing
(412) 396-5200
bravovasquezeFREEDUQUESNE
Libermann Hall, 2nd floor
Joseph Campion
Counselor for students in New York, New England states (Maine, Vermont, New Hampshire,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut). Also a counselor for Arkansas and Oklahoma.
Office of Undergraduate Admissions
(412) 396-2580
campionFREEDUQUESNE
Administration Building
Joseph Giuffre
Counselor for students living in northern areas of Pittsburgh, and Armstrong, Beaver,
Butler, Indiana, Lawrence and Mercer counties. Also students in Alaska, California,
Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Montana, Utah, Washington and Wyoming.
Temporary counselor for students in southeast Pennsylvania (Adams, Berks, Bucks, Chester,
Cumberland, Dauphin, Delaware, Lancaster, Lebanon, Lehigh, Montgomery, Northampton,
Philadelphia, Schuylkill, York counties).
Office of Undergraduate Admissions
(412) 396-5708
giuffre115FREEDUQUESNE
Administration Building
Janet Harris
Counselor for students in the western areas of Pittsburgh, and Fayette, Greene and
Westmoreland counties. Also for Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Michigan,
Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Tennessee, West Virginia
and Wisconsin.
Office of Undergraduate Admissions
(412) 396-6205
harrisj147FREEDUQUESNE
Administration Building
Venetia Khouri
Counselor for students attending private and public schools in the City of Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania, and eastern Allegheny County, as well as students in Alabama, Georgia,
Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina and South Carolina.
Office of Undergraduate Admissions
(412) 396-1043
khourivFREEDUQUESNE
Administration Building
Emma LaRocco
Counselor for students in southern Allegheny County and Washington County, Pennsylvania,
as well as northern Pennsylvania (Cameron, Clarion, Crawford, Elk, Erie, Forest, Jefferson,
McKean, Venango and Warren counties). Also for Ohio.
Office of Undergraduate Admissions
(412) 396-4408
laroccoeFREEDUQUESNE
Administration Building
Mason McCaslin
Counselor for students in central Pennsylvania (Bedford, Blair, Cambria, Centre, Clearfield,
Clinton, Franklin, Fulton, Huntingdon, Juniata, Mifflin, Perry, Potter, Snyder, Somerset,
Union counties) and Northeast Pennsylvania (Bradford, Carbon, Columbia, Lackawanna,
Luzerne, Lycoming, Monroe, Montour, Northumberland, Pike, Sullivan, Susquehanna, Tioga,
Wayne, Wyoming counties).
Office of Undergraduate Admissions
(412) 396-1174
mccaslinmFREEDUQUESNE
Administration Building
Maria Ortiz
Counselor for students in Arizona, Colorado, Florida, New Jersey, New Mexico, Texas
and Puerto Rico.
Office of Undergraduate Admissions
(412) 396-1168
ortizm2FREEDUQUESNE
Administration Building
Dan Sadler
All graduate students
Office of Graduate Admissions
(412) 396-2569
sadlerdFREEDUQUESNE
Administration Building
Kevin Zimmerman
Counselor for all transfer applicants
Office of Undergraduate Admissions
(412) 396-6206
zimmermank6FREEDUQUESNE
Administration Building
Additional Admissions Contacts
Office of Admissions
(412) 396-6222
admissionsFREEDUQUESNE
Enrollment Student Services
If you aren't sure who to ask, our Student Services Office is a good place to start.
They can address concerns related to financial aid, billing, housing, academic success,
and more!
servestudentsFREEDUQUESNE
Joel Bauman
Senior Vice President
Enrollment Management
emgFREEDUQUESNE