URL: https://www.duq.edu/admission-and-aid/how-to-apply/undergraduate/application-options-important-dates.php
TITLE: Application Deadlines, Important Dates

Application Deadlines
Early Action: November 15
Physician Assistant Studies:
November 15.
Select
Early Action
on the application. The application review committee begins to review applications
for this program after the deadline.
Regular Decision: January 15
Pro-tip: students who want to present an improved or advanced profile should consider
applying for Regular Decision.
How to Apply
Enrollment Deposit
Confirm your enrollment by
May 1
to reserve your place in the incoming class.
Physician Assistant Studies:
Enrollment deposit due by the date indicated in your acceptance letter
Housing Selection Forms
The housing selection and roommate finder forms typically open in
February
to admitted students who have
submitted their enrollment deposits
.
Residence Life
reviews submissions as received, so they recommend completing them as soon as possible.
Confirm Your Enrollment
Scholarship Deadlines
Applications for First-Year University scholarships such as the Spirit of Community
Scholarship and Spirit of Excellence Scholarship should be submitted by
January 15
.
Learn More About Scholarships
Financial Aid Dates
Applicants are reviewed for financial aid and academic scholarship eligibility when
they apply. Parents or guardians should complete the following tasks when their student
is applying for admission to Duquesne for the most accurate financial aid awards.
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
: Typically Opens October 1. Duquesne's Federal School Code is 003258.
Submit the FAFSA
as soon as possible when applying for admission to the University for accurate financial
aid packages. Use tax information from the prior year.
Federal Student Aid Estimator
PA State Grant
: Pennsylvania residents should also apply for the PA State Grant after completing
the FAFSA. Duquesne offers a
matching award to PA State Grant recipients
.
CSS Profile (optional)
: Families who prefer a more thorough review of finances than the FAFSA provides should
consider creating a
CSS Profile
(in addition to submitting the FAFSA). Duquesne's CSS code is 2196. Creating a profile
is not free, but some families may be eligible for a
fee waiver
.
Learn More About Financial Aid