URL: https://www.duq.edu/admission-and-aid/financial-aid-and-scholarships/scholarships/transfer-scholarships.php
TITLE: Transfer Scholarships

Academic Scholarships
When you apply for admission as a transfer student we will evaluate the number of
credits completed, program of study and GPA to determine your academic scholarship.
Qualified transfer students may benefit from our recently expanded merit transfer
scholarships. Phi Theta Kappa members are eligible to receive an additional $2,500
per year.
Financial Aid
Transfer students should submit or update their
FAFSA
to be considered for financial aid. Duquesne's school code is 003258. Pennsylvania
residents should also consider completing the application for the PA State Grant.
Duquesne offers a matching financial aid award to PA State Grant recipients.
PA State Grant
New Pennsylvania students eligible for the PA State Grant can get an
automatic DU transfer matching grant
: up to $23,000 through graduation or four years (up to $5,750 per year).
The PA State Grant Application process requires a
FAFSA
(Duquesne’s FAFSA code is 003258). Once you submit your FAFSA, you'll receive an
email from GrantUs (this may take a few days with new system) for your
PA State Grant application
. We recommend you list Duquesne University at the top of your list of colleges so
that your PA State Grant information will be sent to Duquesne.
Additional Financial Aid Resources
You can also explore our
Net Price Calculator
to get a better estimate about what your cost of attendance might be.
Financial Aid 101
provides more information about the types of financial aid and other resources available.
RaiseMe
Did you know you could earn up to $20,000 in micro-scholarships for your achievements?
Sign up for a RaiseMe account to help plan ahead for continuing your education. For
each achievement, you'll earn a micro-scholarship. If you are accepted to Duquesne,
you’ll receive your Raise.me micro-scholarships or an academic scholarship, whichever
is higher.
Learn More About RaiseMe