URL: https://www.duq.edu/admission-and-aid/paying-for-school/affordability/index.php
TITLE: A Duquesne Education is within your reach.

Let’s plan for the greatest investment of your lifetime.
At Duquesne, we are committed to making higher education affordable for our students.
Our team works with you to identify a range of financial aid options that make sense
for you, leaving no stone unturned in the process.
$31,431: The average gift aid offer for first-time, full-time undergraduate Duquesne
students who file a FAFSA.
Financial Aid & Scholarships
We will work with you to ensure you have every tool at your disposal to manage your
financial investment in a Duquesne education. Options available for financing your
education include:
Academic scholarships: every student who applies for admission to Duquesne is automatically
considered for
first-year
or
transfer
academic scholarships.
Micro-scholarships via
RaiseMe
The
Duquesne PA State Grant
matching program
PHEAA Funding Opportunities
SAGE
tuition rewards - Duquesne is the most popular university for SAGE benefits (April
2024)
Leveraging
529 college savings plans
The Pittsburgh Promise
(Duquesne is a preferred partner)
Tuition payment plans are available.
Explore Financial Aid Resources
Net Price Calculator
Our Net Price Calculator will give your family a better understanding of your actual
cost to attend Duquesne. The tool estimates the types of financial aid you might qualify
for and what it might amount to.
Net Price Calculator
The Value of a Duquesne Degree
As you evaluate your estimated cost to attend Duquesne, it’s also important to understand
the significant value of the investment you will be making.
Duquesne is consistently
ranked
amongst the best universities in the nation. Independent sources, including
U.S. News and World Report
,
Money
magazine, and
Washington Monthly
all rank Duquesne as a Best Value university. We are especially proud to rank highest
in two influential areas:
return-on-investment
for students and overall
impact on society
.
Duquesne graduates are prepared for anything. Learn more about
outcomes
including employers and graduate schools. It's no secret: the value of a Duquesne
education will pay dividends over a lifetime, making the investment worth every bit.
Let us be your guide.
Our team is available to help make the financial aid process as easy and transparent
as possible. Whether you’re just exploring options or ready to become a Duquesne Duke,
let us serve as your guide along the way. Get in touch to schedule a financial planning
conversation.
Contact Financial Aid
Schedule a visit