URL: https://www.duq.edu/admission-and-aid/duquesne-discover.php
TITLE: Discover Your Opportunities at Duquesne University

Undecided? Discover Your Opportunities
College is about expanding your knowledge base, embracing new experiences and understanding
how your interests and skills can combine to lead to a meaningful career. It’s our
joy to encourage you to learn, explore and
discover how to shape your path to success
using our integrated program of academic exploration, career planning and professional
development.
Choose courses that interest you.
Our Bridges Common Learning Experience includes curriculum designed to intersect
with whatever major you choose, giving you space to take courses in different disciplines
and pursue out-of-classroom learning that excites you. You can do this in a distinctive
setting, ideal for helping you discover options and pursue your bigger goals.
Your dedicated network will help.
Student success coaches, faculty advisors, career planning and development counselors,
wellbeing and health advocates, financial aid counselors, alumni mentors and others
will walk alongside you on your path to success at Duquesne and beyond.
Prepared for anything.
Designed with input from employers and hiring managers, our Bridges courses prepare
you to adapt and build momentum for your life after college. You will gain the professional
confidence, impressive experience, and powerful networks you need to get a running
start on a meaningful career or graduate school.
We're Prepared for You
Duquesne grads are prepared for anything. And our staff is prepared for
anything you may want to explore. Let us know you want to discover your options, and
we'll get you started!
Schedule a visit
Ready to Learn More About Our Discover Program?
We're ready to help you! Complete our inquiry form to be added to our mailing list
and receive additional information about Duquesne's Discover program.
Take the Next Step
Discover Your Path to Success
Explore our Discover programs and learn more about how you can customize your path,
bringing your skills and passions to the forefront of your journey.
Destined to Lead?
During your first semester as a Discover Business student, you’ll collaborate with
your peers on a class project for a real organization, giving you a taste of the corporate
world. You’ll also be able to explore different classes, double your major or even
select multiple minors. No need to commit to just one passion!
Discover Business
Inspired to Teach?
Explore your many teaching options including our access to 75+ school districts, cultural
immersion opportunities and pathways to our early start graduate education programs.
Discover Education
Driven to Impact Healthcare?
Become a health professional with a customized Health Sciences degree. Explore various
health fields, gain hands-on experiences and tailor your education with pathways,
concentrations or minors to help you find and follow your unique path in the health
industry.
Discover Health Sciences
Interested in Transforming Our World?
With 25 major programs of study, our Liberal Arts offerings make indecision an asset.
With the ability to double, or even triple count courses towards degrees, you can
pursue multiple passions and still graduate in four years.
Discover Liberal Arts
Moved by Music?
Want music in your life, but not sure about the audition? Learn about music beyond
instruments, including music theory, composition, and history, and how you can specialize
your studies to prepare for careers in a wide range of options from music therapy,
music management, or music engineering technology.
Discover Music
Ready to Advance Science?
Use your problem-solving abilities to uncover your strengths in science by exploring
various courses, from biology to computer science. Develop practical lab skills, engage
in hands-on research and participate in field, community and global scientific study
to identify your career path.
Discover Science
You Can Take Many Paths
Go to the previous testimonial.
Go to the next testimonial.
I chose Duquesne because we're in an urban area, and I felt like there was a
lot of opportunity for me here. Every professor I have is for us and cares about our
education. They want to make sure we're comfortable in class and want to know what
they can do to help us.
Viv Kuliecza, '28
Discover Liberal Arts student
Discover Viv's story
I was accepted to Duquesne as ‘undecided,' but quickly met so many students who
were incredibly welcoming and faculty who included many skilled professors and researchers.
I truly think Duquesne is a hidden gem and I'm thankful that I chose it.
Jacob Dulya, '25
Started as a Discover Science student, became a Physics major, now a Graduate Student
at the Illinois Institute of Technology
During my first semester, I needed time to decide if education was the step I
wanted to take. I did field experience in a first grade classroom and loved seeing
the impact I could make in a student's life.
Mary Paternoster, '27
Began as a Discover Education student, now an English and Secondary Education double
major
Coming to Duquesne, the only thing I was certain would be a part of my college
journey was the rowing team. I started as an undecided liberal arts student athlete
with no dream job and no sense of belonging within a major, but as I took classes
in media and writing, I began to realize that journalism was my path.
Isabella Abbott, '24
Multiplatform Journalism alumna (started as a Discover Liberal Arts student), now
a Grant & Public Relations Writer for Avanti Consulting Group
Learn about Isabella's journey
I chose Duquesne for its high-quality academics, great campus life and the elite
football program. As a Discover Science major, I'm exploring different areas to study.
I'm interested in the sciences because I'm passionate about working out and health/nutrition.
I want to be something along the lines of a trainer or coach.
Connor Lenz, '26
Discover Science student
When I started at Duquesne, I knew I was interested in media, but wasn't completely
sure which facet of it I wanted to study. I made a point to take classes from a variety
of programs and ultimately chose Integrated Marketing Communication to get a broad
understanding of the field.
Caroline Kucko, '22
Integrated Marketing Communication alumna (began as a Discover Liberal Arts student)
and now a Publicist for SiriusXM
I looked at what other majors Duquesne offered because I knew I loved the University,
but was second guessing my choice in major. I found the most enjoyment in marketing
and communications so I transferred to the liberal arts school to study integrated
marketing communications. I knew I made the right choice because I loved my classes.
Samantha Vail, '22
Integrated Marketing Communication alumna (began as a Discover Liberal Arts major)
and now an Account Executive for Red Sage Communications
Read Samantha's Story
Discover Your Support
A dedicated network of student success coaches, faculty advisors, career planning
and development counselors, wellbeing and health advocates, financial aid counselors,
alumni mentors, and others will walk alongside you on your path to success at Duquesne
and beyond.
Go to the previous card.
Go to the next card.
Success Coaches
After enrolling at Duquesne, you can start to discover and shape your path during
the spring of your senior year of high school and the summer before you arrive on
campus. Meet virtually with your Success Coach, learn more about your strengths and
begin connecting with fellow classmates in your Discover cohort, designed for students
exploring their options for majors.
Our Success Coaches
Programs for First-Year Students
As a first-year student, you have access to many supportive University opportunities
and resources including First Year Advisory Council, First Year Weekend Excursions,
the Phi Eta Sigma national honor society, tutoring, community service work and more.
First-Year Student Programs
Career Planning & Discovery
It's never too early to get to know the people in our Center for Career Development.
Take advantage of a one-on-one appointment with a Career Consultant, use virtual resources,
connect with employers, seek individual guidance and attend programs designed to help
you explore careers and develop your job-search skills.
Career Discovery
Featured content
Bridges Curriculum
Every undergraduate student in every school of study at Duquesne takes a series of
courses that emphasize intellectual and moral development through the study of the
liberal arts. In addition to building crucial skills for later success, our Bridges
curriculum allows you to study a wide variety of subjects and graduate with the richest
possible academic experience.
How Does Bridges Help You Explore Your Path?
Our Bridges curriculum prepares you for what's next and ensures that you'll never
have to narrow your ambitions. The curriculum is designed to overlap with every major
at Duquesne so you can maximize progress toward your degree while having the opportunity
to discover new interests or pursue additional goals.
You choose courses that interest you.
Our curriculum is designed to intersect with your major and to give you room to pursue
courses and out-of-classroom learning opportunities that excite you. Bridges is not
a pre-determined set of survey courses—we take a choose-your-own adventure approach.
Know exactly where you want to go? We have a map for that. Ready to explore and discover
new interests and talents? We have a map for that, too.
It keeps career-readiness in mind.
Designed with input from employers and hiring managers, Bridges courses prepare you
to adapt and evolve in a dynamic professional landscape.
It's friendly—to you and your college credits.
Exam credits like AP, College in High School courses, transfer credits from other
institutions: bring them with you!
It's versatile.
You can pursue credentials in addition to any major you elect to pursue, such as certificates,
minors or additional majors.
It gives you a distinctive chance to think about why you're learning.
Bridges introduces you to Duquesne’s specific Catholic and Spiritan heritage through
courses that explore the riches of the Catholic intellectual tradition, help you develop
skills for ethical reasoning, challenge you to ask essential questions, engaged you
in communities both local and global.
EXPERIENTIAL/HANDS-ON LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES
Connect your classroom learning to the professional world with hands-on learning opportunities.
We'll make sure you gain the professional confidence, impressive experience and powerful
networks you need to get a running start on a meaningful career.
You can consider some or all of the following as you explore:
Job shadowing and externships
Internships, travel courses, immersion programs, and independent study opportunities
Undergraduate research and field work
Service learning
Study abroad
"As I progressed through each stage of my career journey—job search, résumé, interviews,
acceptance—my career advisor was there to meet the unique challenge that came with
each stage. It is advantages such as these that make Duquesne's Center for Career
Development truly unique and incomparable."
—
Ronnie Coleman
, B'23, Business Administration, Supply Chain Associate, Nestlé
Undergraduate Research Opportunities
Learn more
Discover—in the classroom and beyond
Duquesne is big enough to have many options—and close-knit enough to make great connections
along the way.
Go to the previous card.
Go to the next card.
300+
Student Organizations
Try a few out to see what you like. One of the best ways to discover your major is
to get involved in things that interest you. You'll meet great people doing things
you might not know are possible. And you'll make connections that will last a lifetime!
Find Your Group
90
Neighborhoods
Location matters. You'll find plenty to do both on and off campus. Duquesne is situated
in the heart of Pittsburgh, a city of 90 diverse neighborhoods where everyone can
be themselves. And just a few blocks from campus, you'll find Fortune 500 companies,
non-profit organizations and startups—for internships and work, plus three major-league
sports teams and a cultural district—for play!
Discover Campus and Beyond
10
Schools of Study
When you're ready to choose the major that fits your goals, we'll be ready to help
you make the most of your academic ambitions. With 85+ undergraduate majors and 110
graduate and certificate programs, you'll find just the right fit for you.
Discover Your Pathway
1:1 Help
Learning Together
You'll feel supported at Duquesne University by the many people who work together
to help you succeed. Our student success coaches know that, as a Discover student,
you are looking at options. They will help you plan your classes, your course schedule
and your overall study experience.
Find Success Resources