URL: https://www.duq.edu/admission-and-aid/how-to-apply/transfer/about-transferring/degree-requirements.php
TITLE: Degree Requirements

Your Duquesne Degree
All students, regardless of major, must complete a minimum of 120 credits including
the Bridges Common Learning Experience in order to graduate. Each major has its own
requirements. Transfer students must complete a minimum of 30 credits at Duquesne.
The following requirements are based on the credits that a student has officially
transferred to Duquesne as determined by their academic advisor.
Bridges Common Learning Experience
Pittsburgh is home to more than 400 bridges, and amid them all, atop the storied Bluff,
stands Duquesne University. Our location allows students to study where possibilities
extend in every direction. Our very founding was intended to help people from diverse
backgrounds make a difference as leaders and helpers in their communities, and we
live that mission today.
Through the
Bridges Curriculum
, Duquesne students build knowledge and skills to become life-long, agile learners,
succeed professionally, act ethically and contribute to the common good. Bridges curriculum
includes four integrated components: On-Ramp, Foundations, Structures and Pathways.
In an effort to assist students in maximizing their Bridges experience, the following
guidelines have been established for transfer students.
Freshman standing (less than 30 credit)
Will complete all components of the
Bridges Curriculum
.
Sophomore standing (30 - 59 credits)
Waived from Information Literacy requirement. All other Bridges requirements must
be satisfied through transfer coursework or completion of Duquesne classes.
Junior or Senior standing (60+ credits)
Waived from the Foundations component of Bridges curriculum (Information Literacy,
First-Year Writing, Essential Questions Seminar, Introduction to Ethical Reasoning).
All other Bridges requirements must be satisfied through transfer coursework or completion
of Duquesne classes: Structure component and Pathways.
Associate's Degree or Bachelor's Degree
As accreditation guidelines would mandate general education as part of these degree
program's curriculum, students are waived from all Bridges requirements. Certain portions,
(e.g. Writing Enrichment, Experiential Learning Opportunity, and Capstone Experience)
are built into most programs of study and will have these features integrated into
the majors.
School of Pharmacy PharmD professional phase (60+ credits or an Associate's Degree)
This program does not award a Bachelor's Degree so students are waived from all Bridges
requirements. Certain portions, (e.g. Writing Enrichment, Experiential Learning Opportunity,
and Capstone Experience) are built into the professional phase of the programs.