URL: https://www.duq.edu/admission-and-aid/how-to-apply/undergraduate/accepted-students/index.php
TITLE: Admitted Students Next Steps

More in This Section
Confirm Your Enrollment
#FutureDuquesneDuke
Are you in? Submit your deposit to confirm your enrollment in the incoming class.
Once you submit your deposit you will have access to the housing application and your
next steps.
I'm In!
Graduate students should visit the
Admitted Graduate Student Resources page
for more information.
Your Next Steps
This is an exciting time for you! Use our
Next Steps guide
to commit to Duquesne and get started on your next steps to becoming an official
student! And don't forget to celebrate—join us for an
Admitted Student Day
! The next Admitted Student Day is Saturday,
April 3
,
2027.
Admitted Student Days are best for admitted high school seniors and transfer students
who want to spend a full day on campus, learning about the resources and programs
available to them as a Duquesne student.
Admitted Student Preview Days
are also available. Take advantage of our weekday opportunities for admitted students
to visit campus and spend the morning learning more about all that Duquesne has to
offer! During the event, we'll have an enrollment workshop, campus tours, a student
panel, an academic and student life showcase, a parent session and more!
Financial Aid
File your
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
.
Available online at FAFSA.gov: Duquesne’s Federal School Code is
003258
.
When completing your FAFSA, use the IRS Data Retrieval Tool if possible.
You can also create your
CSS Profile
— The CSS Profile provides a more complete understanding of a family’s financial
picture when awarding institutional non-federal need-based financial aid. Duquesne’s
CSS code is 2196
(cssprofile.collegeboard.org/). Families are encouraged to submit this in addition
to the FAFSA in order to be considered for other University scholarships and grants.
Commit to Duquesne University
To submit your enrollment deposit and confirm your attendance at Duquesne
University, log in to your
Duquesne Applicant Portal
and complete your Enrollment Response Form.
Online payment is recommended. If you need to send a personal check or request a 529
account check, mail to:
Duquesne University, Office of Admissions, 600 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh PA 15282
Set Up Your MultiPass Account
If you haven’t already done so, set up your MultiPass account, which provides access
to Duquesne Portal/DU Mobile App (Duquesne’s online student portal), email and other
online resources. The Duquesne Portal is where you will be able to order books, pay
bills, view your grades and more!
After you confirm your enrollment and set up your MultiPass, be sure to check your
new Duquesne email account on a regular basis. Student success coaches, staff and
professors may send important information to you there.
Other Important Dates
Feb. 1
- Housing application opens; available to committed students
May 1
- Final Day to Confirm Enrollment
July 6-9
-
First-Year Advisement Summer Transition (FAST) Program
Highly encouraged one-day program to help get you prepared for your first semester.
FAST is a one-day program for new first-year and transfer students that offers you
and your family essential insights and resources to prepare for your academic journey
at Duquesne. Each school offers two specific days for participation, and you only
need to choose one that fits your schedule, making it a convenient and personalized
experience. While this program is not a requirement, it is highly encouraged for all
incoming students and family members to attend to ensure a smooth transition.
What to Expect at FAST:
Connect with Future Classmates and Student Leaders
Meet Your Dedicated Success Coach
Interactive Sessions with University Support Services
Obtain Your Official DU Student ID Card and Essential Supplies
Engage with Residence Life and Commuter Affairs Staff
Set Up Your Student Bank Account with PNC Bank
Complete Your Fall Semester Onboarding Tasks
This tailored support ensures you start your academic journey at Duquesne with confidence
and ease. We hope you'll join us at FAST to lay the foundation for a successful and
fulfilling experience at Duquesne. We can't wait to welcome you to our community!
Please feel free to contact us with any questions or concerns you may have via
email
or call 412-396-6657.
Aug. 18-23
- New Student Move-in and Orientation
Move-in times based on your residence hall and floor.
Daily (and nightly!) events and activities to help you to meet fellow first-year students
and
acclimate to life at Duquesne.
Events include Graffiti Dance, comedians, talent show, carnival and more!
Aug. 24
- Classes begin!
Your Next Steps
Let's make it official
Commit to Duquesne
Visit Campus
Visit campus to explore and meet your future support system!
Register for an Admitted Student Event!
Schedule a campus visit and tour
Making it a weekend getaway or coming in from out of town?
We have
partnerships with several hotels near campus
and exclusive offers for Duquesne visitors at the
Cambria Pittsburgh Downtown
,
Drury Hotel
and
Pittsburgh Marriott City Center
.
Visit Campus
FAFSA
Submit your Free Application for Federal Student Aid if you have not already.
Duquesne's Federal School Code is 003258
PA residents should apply by May 1 if they are seeking funds from the PA State Grant
- and be sure to check out
Duquesne's automatic matching grant
of up to $10,000 over four years
Outside of PA, check your state's deadlines for state grants, which often require
a FAFSA
You can also create your
CSS Profile
.
The CSS Profile provides a more complete understanding of a family’s financial picture
when awarding institutional non-federal need-based financial aid. Duquesne’s CSS code
is
2196
(cssprofile.collegeboard.org/). Families are encouraged to submit this in addition
to the FAFSA in order to be considered for other University scholarships and grants.
FAFSA
MultiPass & New Student Portal
Your MultiPass account provides access to everything as a student, including your
DU email and the
Duquesne Portal
.
Once you
set up your MultiPass
you will be able to use it to access the
New Student Checklist
- your resource for information for new students, steps for setting up your DU card,
and more.
Housing
The housing application will open February 1 for the fall semester to those who have
already
committed to Duquesne by submitting their deposit
. After that date you will receive the application after you submit your deposit.
For other semesters, you will receive information about housing when you submit your
enrollment deposit.
Learn more about living on campus
Connect with other Dukes!
Join the official Duquesne ZeeMee community
Share that you are a #FutureDuquesneDuke on social media. We
created graphics you can share
in your stories or use as backgrounds. There are even templates for celebration cakes
for your graduation party!
ATTN Parents -- Join Parent Portal
Prospective and new parents and guardians are encouraged to join the
Duquesne Parents and Families Portal
for parent resources, including the latest University news and events, access to
important campus deadlines and other important information if your student is interested
in attending Duquesne.
https://families.duq.edu/
#FutureDuquesneDukes
Go Dukes!
Congratulations!
Connect with us and show your school spirit!
Images for all occasions
Instagram
TikTok
Get hyped about Duquesne
Are you in?
Commit to Duquesne University by submitting your deposit and confirming your enrollment.
Commit to DU
Launch Experience
Contact Admissions and Financial Aid
Our admissions and financial aid teams are here for you throughout the admissions
process!
Admissions
Connect with a counselor!
(412) 396-6222
admissionsFREEDUQUESNE
Financial Aid
Schedule a financial planning conversation, ask questions or find the information
you need.
(412) 396-6607
faofficeFREEDUQUESNE