URL: https://www.duq.edu/admission-and-aid/index.php
TITLE: Admissions and Aid

An education that's everything you need, and more than you imagined
At Duquesne, we support every student with future-focused programs, experiential learning,
and mentors eager to champion your aspirations—all to help you grow as a person, a
professional, and an ethical decision-maker.
You can choose from more than
85 undergraduate majors and 125+ graduate, master's and professional programs
across 10 schools or take your time to
discover
which path is right for you. It's our joy to help you discover what you're good at
and why that's good for the world.
Plan a visit to experience our beautiful campus and meet the faculty and staff that
will cheer you along as you accomplish your goals. You can also attend one of our
Admissions events held throughout the year.
Visit Campus
Admission Events
Commit to Duquesne
Duquesne University Quest
As you embark on your college search journey, you can earn badges as you complete
key milestones as part of DU Quest.  The DU Quest badges mark key moments in the process
like applying, visiting campus, attending a college fair, or getting accepted to name
a few of the badges expected to be available. The goal is to make the admissions process
more personal and interactive, while also giving you a fun, visual way to track your
progress.
DU Quest Details
Admissions Events
All Admissions Events
Parent/Supporter Series: Your Student's Basic Needs
The Office of Admissions is pleased to host a series of virtual opportunities specifically designed for parents and supporters of prospective Duquesne students. This event will include:
Apr. 29, 2026
06:00 pm
-
07:00 pm
Virtual
More About This Event
Financial Aid Virtual Discussion
Do you have questions about planning for and financing your Duquesne education? Join members of our Financial Aid and Admissions team as they discuss types of aid available (including scholarships, grants and loans), how to apply, payment plans, and more.
May 12, 2026
06:00 pm
-
07:00 pm
Virtual
More About This Event
Parent/Supporter Series: Success Tips from DU Success Coaches
The Office of Admissions is pleased to host a series of virtual opportunities specifically designed for parents and supporters of prospective Duquesne students. During this virtual session, guests will:
May 19, 2026
06:00 pm
-
07:00 pm
Virtual
More About This Event
Explore Admissions
Your admissions journey begins here
Undergraduate
Transfer Students
Graduate Students
Military and Veteran Students
International Students
Special Enrollment Opportunities & Readmission
Second Degree Nursing
Duquesne Online
Summer Sessions
Undergraduate
Undergraduate
Our
85+ majors and 10 schools
open a world of possibilities. You'll learn with and from students of diverse cultural,
socioeconomic and religious backgrounds from across the United States and more than
85 countries. You'll take classes on a park-like campus centrally located in
Pittsburgh
, with internships, culture, recreation, major league sports and more...all in one
of the most livable cities in the US.
Undergraduate Admissions
Transfer Students
Transfer Students
Each year, more than 250 students transfer to Duquesne. We make it easy to transfer;
students are admitted on a rolling basis, meaning you're welcome to apply for a fall,
spring or summer start.
Our Bridges curriculum
, inspired by Pittsburgh's 446 iconic spans, is designed as a transfer-friendly, cohesive
academic journey that will get you to graduation.
Transfer Admissions
Graduate Students
Graduate Students
You have a bachelor's degree and are looking for a master's degree or professional
program to advance your career or continue to reach your academic goals. And we're
ready with
125 future-focused graduate, master's and professional programs
,
research opportunities
in all disciplines, and individualized experiential learning.
We'll make sure you gain the professional confidence, impressive experience, and influential
networks you need to get a running start on a meaningful career.
Graduate Admissions
Military and Veteran Students
Military and Veteran Students
You might be looking to continue your education at the undergraduate or graduate level
- either way, start here to learn more about using your benefits and find out how
Duquesne will support your education journey. We understand the unique needs of our
active duty, reserve, guard and veteran students.
Military & Veteran Students
International Students
International Students
At Duquesne University, we believe it is important to help international students
who want to come for their education. We have dedicated
Center for Global Engagement
staff who assist students through the application and new student process. Each year,
we welcome students from more than 85 countries.
International Student Admissions
Special Enrollment Opportunities & Readmission
Dual Enrollment - College Classes for High School Students
High school students have
several opportunities
to get a head start by earning college credits before they graduate! Online and campus
courses.
Non-Degree and Visiting Students
Are you enrolled as a student at another university or just looking to take a few
courses that interest you? Visiting students (students from other colleges) are welcome
in fall, spring and summer. Summer session courses begin in May, June and July.
Non-Degree and Visiting Students
Readmission
We'd love to see you back in class! Undergraduate students who have not registered
for two consecutive semesters (not including summer) may apply as a readmission applicant.
Graduate students should contact their program about resuming their studies.
Apply for Readmission
Second Degree Nursing
Second Degree Nursing
Do you already have a bachelor's degree, but want to become a nurse? The booming health
care industry needs you and we can help you get there in as little as 12 to 16 months
with the accelerated Second-Degree Nursing program. This program provides you with
a strong, broad-based clinical foundation for nursing practice.
Second Degree BSN
Duquesne Online
Duquesne Online
Earn your degree online from Duquesne University with the convenience and flexibility
you need. Our online programs are student-centric and distinguished by the close relationships
online students create with professors and classmates through small class sizes and
with advisors and support services staff dedicated to helping students achieve personal
and professional goals.
Online Programs
Summer Sessions
Summer Sessions
Duquesne offers more than 600 courses and special pricing each summer to help you
get ahead, catch up, or focus on a single subject. Duquesne offers multiple Summer
start dates in May (May 12, 19), June (June 2, 9, 23) and July (July 7, 14) for current
and new Duquesne students and visiting students from other colleges and universities.
Take Summer Classes
Financial Resources
Scholarships
All first-year and transfer applicants are automatically considered for academic scholarships.
Be sure to also explore and apply for other Duquesne scholarship opportunities.
First Year
Transfer
Affordability
Financial Aid
Duquesne University is more affordable than you might think. Don't just take our word
for it. Independent sources—including U.S. News and World Report and Washington Monthly—all
rank Duquesne as a best value university.
Net Price Calculator
Financial Aid 101
Graduate Financing
Tuition
Duquesne is committed to providing the highest quality education in changing times,
as well as the continued opportunity for students to work with Duquesne faculty in
their chosen programs and majors, whether in person, in a hybrid arrangement or remotely.
Undergraduate
Graduate
Student Accounts
Take a tour of campus now!
We are always here to help!
Call or email with any questions or to learn more.
Undergraduate Admissions
First-year and Transfer Students
(412) 396-6222
admissionsFREEDUQUESNE
Graduate Admissions
Master's and Doctoral Level Students
(412) 396-6219
gradadmissionsFREEDUQUESNE
Financial Aid
Grants, Loans, Scholarships, Work-Study and More
(412) 396-6607
faofficeFREEDUQUESNE
Office for Military and Veteran Students
Active Duty, Reserve, Guard and Veteran Students
(412) 396-5366
veteransFREEDUQUESNE
Annual Security Report
The University distributes the
Annual Security and Fire Safety Report
by October 1 every year. The aim of the report is to help keep you safe and to provide
information required by the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and
Campus Crime Statistics Act, as well as the Pennsylvania Uniform Crime Reporting Act.
If you would like to have a paper copy of the report, please
email%20the%20Department%20of%20Public%20Safety
.