URL: https://www.duq.edu/admission-and-aid/how-to-apply/undergraduate/freshman-application-process.php
TITLE: Freshman Application Process

We are thrilled you have decided to apply to join the next class of Future Duquesne
Dukes! Jump ahead to the application or learn more about deadlines, scholarships and
requirements before you begin.
Application Deadlines
Early Action:
November 15
Physician Assistant Program
: November 15
Regular Decision:
January 15
Rolling Admission:
Admission and financial aid notifications are sent on a rolling basis after January
15 (based on available space).
Pro-tip: students who want to present an improved or advanced profile should consider
applying Regular Decision.
Scholarship Deadlines
January 15:
Spirit of Excellence Scholarship
:
In the spirit of our founding, commitment to excellence, mission of service, and in
alignment with University Goals, Duquesne will award five exceptional leaders with
a full-tuition scholarship for four years.
January 15:
Spirit of Community Scholarship:
Duquesne University is pleased to announce an exciting new program for students passionate
about engaging with their community and expanding their understanding of social justice.
In addition to a commitment to community engagement, chosen participants will engage
in meaningful and challenging conversations with peers around biased, systemic injustice,
power, and privilege and its impact on our community and society at large.
Academic and Special Scholarships
Don't wait to apply for admission! Learn more about our
academic and specialty scholarships
that you will be automatically considered for when you submit your DU application.
Application Options
Domestic and international applicants can submit Duquesne's Future Focused App, find
us on Common App or the Coalition Application.
Future Focused Duquesne Application
Common App
Coalition Application
Additional Materials
After you submit your application, you will have access to your
applicant portal
where you'll find a checklist of additional materials that may be required. You'll
receive an email from the Office of Undergraduate Admissions when you're able to log
in to your portal.
Transcripts:
we accept
Self-Reported Transcript and Academic Records System (STARS)
Test scores:
If you didn't apply as
test-optional
submit all official SAT and/or ACT scores. We will only consider the highest section
scores across all SAT sections.
Recommendation:
Health Sciences and Nursing applicants ONLY: If your intended program of study requires
a letter of recommendation, you will need the following information about your recommender:
First and Last Name, Organization, Position/Title, Relationship, Phone Number, Email
(Please use organization email)
Essay:
Only required for health professions applicants and should discuss the following:
Tell us something unique about you, why you chose your particular health field major,
and how you expect Duquesne University to help you achieve your academic, personal
and professional goals. Please include any examples of your research, shadowing or
volunteer experiences. An essay is optional for applicants to other programs.
Additional Program Requirements
Music and Physical Therapy programs have
additional requirements.
For graduate, law and visiting student applications please visit the
University apply page.