URL: https://www.duq.edu/admission-and-aid/how-to-apply/military-and-veterans/index.php
TITLE: Office for Military and Veteran Students

More in This Section
We're Here for You
The Office for Military and Veteran Students at Duquesne University understands the
unique needs of our active duty, reserve, guard and veteran students—and we're here
to walk alongside you.
Connect with Director for Military and Veteran Students
Christopher Boissonnault
(
email
or (412) 396-5366) to learn more.
Request Information
Using Your Benefits
Find the information you need about using your
military benefits.
Duquesne University abides by the participant standards outlined in the DoD Voluntary
Education Memorandum of Understanding and participates in the Yellow Ribbon Program.
Military service members currently serving may opt to use Federal Tuition Assistance
(TA) to fund their education.
Academic Support
Learn about the various offices around campus dedicated to your
academic and personal success
. Duquesne offers services such as VA Certifying Official, Veterans Center, Commuter
Services, VA Work Study, Student Veterans of America (SVA), Military Services Clinic,
a Counseling and Wellbeing Center, Veterans Law Clinic, and ROTC at Duquesne.
Online Programs
Start earning your degree with Duquesne University wherever you are in your military
career, from
anywhere in the world
.
Campus Programs
Spend time on campus with over 85+ undergraduate and 110 graduate
programs to choose from
.
Veteran Center
Our Office for Military and Veteran Students and Veteran Center are both located in
Libermann Hall on the 1M Level. Here you will find a welcoming atmosphere, quiet study
places and a lounge area.
Duquesne Named One of the Best Colleges for Veterans
Duquesne University has been named one of the best colleges for veterans by the Military
Times Best for Vets: Colleges ranking. The university, which was also named a Top
10 Military Friendly School, works to help veterans find the right educational path
by offering academic guidance and resources to assist them in meeting their bigger
goals.
Best for Vets: Colleges Ranking
Student and Alumni Testimonials
Go to the previous testimonial.
Go to the next testimonial.
Mr. B helped us reserve spaces on campus for various events and was able to get
us funding so we could do fun things like have pizza with the Duquesne University
police officers and a reception following our commission ceremony.
Elizabeth Osterhaus, HS'24
Army ROTC and Public Health graduate
Read Elizabeth's story
Mr. Boissonnault was always eager to assist cadets or student veterans with anything
they need. Each year, he organized veterans breakfasts where I was able to make new
connections with people who gave amazing advice to me about the military and ways
to advance my education.
Zach Marini, HS'24
Army ROTC and Health Sciences graduate
Learn more about Zach
When I graduate, I will be a nurse in the military. I've always just wanted to
be a part of something bigger. I feel like the Army is the biggest you can get to
be a part of. A team that's working towards a common goal and that's what I really
want to do.
Abby Aiello, N'25
Army ROTC Cadet and Nursing student
Read Abby's story
The veteran community at Duquesne felt like a close-knit family, where everyone
knew each other and readily provided support for academic success and campus life
adjustment. This camaraderie eased my university transition significantly.
Jeffrey Brown, A'23
Marine Veteran and International Security Studies alumnus
Meet Jeffrey
Contact Us
Learn more about admissions and using your benefits!
Office for Military & Veteran Students
(412) 396-5366
veteransFREEDUQUESNE
Libermann Hall
VA Certifying Official
Kathy Scheer, the Certifying Official at Duquesne University, can assist you in obtaining
your VA benefits.
(412) 396-6211
scheerFREEDUQUESNE
The ground floor of the Administration Building
Monday-Friday, 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.