URL: https://www.duq.edu/life-at-duquesne/international-student-life/index.php
TITLE: International Life on Campus

More in This Section
A Global University in a Global City
With more than 500 international students from over 85 countries, we are a global
university in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA.
Multicultural Opportunities
You’ll have many opportunities to meet your passions, make friends, learn together
and get involved on campus with our 300+ student organizations at Duquesne.
Our Center for Global Engagement handles
international admissions
,
international student services
,
English language support
and
study abroad
opportunities.
Some of our Most Popular Groups
Duquesne has 300+ student organizations that you can join to make friends, learn something
new, and get involved on campus. Currently, there are 25 organizations with a focus
on cultural and religious identities, including but not limited to:
International Students Organization
The
International Students Organization
, best known as ISO, is one of the largest student organizations on campus. They strive
to promote cultural appreciation and awareness to both international and American
students through social activities such as weekly meetings and large-scale events
with related student organizations. ISO seeks to have students share their own personal
narratives and traditions with others in order to create a meaningful cross-cultural
experience. They want their members to embrace diversity and be able to see beyond
their own borders by appreciating the aspirations, cultures, and concerns of fellow
students.
Asian Student Association
The Asian Students Association serves as a representative body that acts in the interest
of Asian students, Asian student groups, and students interested in Asian culture.
The association serves the campus by promoting, supporting, and exposing students
and faculty with social events such as the Asian Festival in the fall and the Lunar
New Year Celebration in the spring. We also provide its members the chance to learn
about Asian culture through various social activities.
Some of the activities include: preparing Asian food, activities during ISO Week,
ISO dance performances, attending the Dragonboat Festival downtown, volunteering for
the Silk Screen Festival, and interacting with international students.
Previous events hosted by ASA have included:
ISO Welcome Back Party
Movie Night with Ice Cream!
Philippine Madrigal Singers
Eggroll Making Night
Sushi Festival!
University of Pittsburgh ASA - Kaba Modern Performance
Dinner discussions
Paper Lantern Decorating
Scary Movie Night!
Asian Hip Hop Summit
Discussion with Asian Monk
Asian Potluck Dinner
Interfaith Dialogue
Annual New Year Celebrations
Get More Info
Chinese Students and Scholars Association (CSSA)
The
Chinese Students and Scholars Association (CSSA)
of Duquesne University is an organization for overseas Chinese students and scholars.
CSSA seeks to help Chinese students to start their lives in Pittsburgh, to have a
warm family when they are studying abroad, to promote and display Chinese culture,
to establish connections with other groups on campus and other universities, and to
provide a platform for Chinese students and scholars to communicate with each other.
CSSA would hold a series of events every year: celebration of Chinese traditional
festivals with Chinese students, welcome party for new students, etc.
杜肯大学中国学生学者联谊会（CSSA）是一个面向海外中国学生学者的组织。 CSSA旨在帮助中国学生在匹兹堡开始他们的生活，在出国留学时拥有一个温暖的家庭，弘扬和展示中国文化，与校园内其他团体以及其他学校建立联系，并为中国学生与学者提供一个互相交流的平台。每年CSSA会举办一系列活动：与中国学生一起庆祝中国传统节日，迎新聚会等。
Latin American Student Association
The Latin American Student Association is a cultural organization that attempts to
inform and educate the people of Duquesne University about Latino culture. Our aim
is to embrace the diversity of our heritage and share our culture with others. We
believe that LASA can help to unite people through a common understanding of each
other's backgrounds while helping to change negative images that have been created
through ignorance.
Apart from the informative aspect of our organization, we also provide academic opportunities
to students of Latino descent as well as students who are majoring in Spanish or those
who have in interest in Latino culture. We conduct projects that enrich our communities
and strengthen our members' character. Our motto is "Change happens with education,
education creates understanding and understanding unites us all".
We regularly work with the the International Student Organization and other student
events to expose our local campus community to Latino culture through food, dance
and information sessions. We also organize events for Hispanic Heritage month, salsa
classes and a La Posadas food festival.
Come join us for a taste of Latino Culture on campus!
Saudi Student Organization
The
Saudi Students Organization (SSO)
mission is to promote the Saudi culture and clarify misconceptions while promoting
peace and intercultural dialogues. In order to achieve its mission, SSO organizes
social, educational, sport and cultural events. Also, SSO strives to help Saudis around
Duquesne University's campus to adapt to the American culture.