URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/admissions-aid/cost-aid/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate Business Scholarships, Cost & Aid | UF Warrington

Undergraduate tuition and aid
Maximize your future
As you study business, you’ll come to one major conclusion: There’s always a way to make things better. More efficient. More direct. More affordable.
We at the University of Florida Warrington College of Business rework business education in this manner to deliver ready-to-apply skills and transformative experiences that pave the way to the workforce. In the process, scholarships trim costs further and may offer assistance for a few weeks to a semester overseas.
See what your options are and how to apply.
The value of a Warrington business degree
Picture, plan, and achieve your dreams, all with less debt.
74.9%
Of students who graduated from Warrington’s bachelor’s-granting programs in 2023-24 pursued full-time careers or graduate study.
$69,576
The average starting salary for 2023-24 graduates of Warrington’s bachelor’s-granting programs.
National Association of Colleges and Employers
9%
Higher starting salaries for 2023-24 graduates of Warrington’s bachelor’s programs compared to the national average of $63,907.
National Association of Colleges and Employers
Tuition and aid — on-campus students
Whether in state, out of state, or international, Warrington students pay the University of Florida’s undergraduate tuition rates — which are lower than the national average, according to
U.S. News & World Report
.
Cost and fees
Apply for aid
Tuition and aid — online students
Save 40% on tuition and related costs while receiving the same instruction as your on-campus peers.
Cost and fees (online students)
Apply for aid (online students)
Calculate your commitment
A Warrington education doesn’t just add up in the long-term. It helps you save right now. Ninety-two percent of full-time, first-year incoming UF undergraduates receive scholarships and grants, so use our convenient net price calculator to see how much you might pay for a top-ranked business degree.
Estimate your costs
Combination degrees
Many mid-career and roles beyond list a master’s degree among the job requirements. Why not add it to your resume now with one of Warrington’s combination programs?
Applying your scholarships
Most undergraduate scholarships, including Florida Bright Futures and Florida Prepaid, cover a portion of your graduate tuition while you are still an undergraduate. Aid pays out at the undergraduate credit hour rate. Students are responsible for the difference between the undergraduate and graduate tuition rates.
Florida Bright Futures
Some students may be eligible to receive Florida Bright Futures for one semester of graduate school at the undergraduate credit hour rate. Students need to meet certain criteria to be considered. Find more information on
Florida Bright Futures funding.
What about the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA®)?
If you are a combination degree student, you will complete your FAFSA® application just as you would as an undergraduate student. Once you have received your bachelor’s degree, the Financial Aid Office will update your status to a graduate/independent student after drop/add in your first graduate term. Please be advised that your undergraduate financial aid will not carry over into your graduate semester(s).
Florida prepaid
Before cashing out a prepaid account, contact your undergraduate financial aid advisor for more information about using remaining prepaid funds for graduate tuition.
Veterans and military benefits
UF recognizes the courage, service, and dedication of all current and former members of the U.S. Armed Forces. When you’re ready to pursue a degree in business, we’re here to help you apply the benefits you’ve earned, including the Post-9/11 GI Bill® and funds from the Yellow Ribbon Program.
Office of Student Veteran Services
For UF Online students
Warrington undergraduate scholarships
The Heavener School of Business and Fisher School of Accounting at the Warrington College of Business offer opportunities for undergraduate students to apply for scholarships each year. Requirements and deadlines vary by program.
Are you an incoming first-year or transfer student? You may qualify for a
UF scholarship or tuition waiver
.
Scholarships for BSAc students
Fisher School of Accounting scholarships
Thanks to the generous contributions of some accounting firms, the Fisher School of Accounting has scholarship programs designed to reward undergraduate students who have distinguished themselves. Review the
accounting financial aid
application and deadline details.
H.A. “Buddy” Bishop, Jr., Scholarship
The income from this endowment is available annually to provide scholarships for worthy students in any business major. Awards are based on academic achievement or financial need, with consideration given to students studying abroad.
A. Ross and Cora B. Evans Endowed Scholarship
A. Ross and Cora B. Evans of Winter Park funded this endowment in 1997 to provide scholarships, based on need and merit, to students enrolled in the Warrington College of Business.
John B. McFerrin Scholarship
Scholarships are awarded annually from the income of an endowment fund established by friends and former students of Dr. McFerrin, retired professor of Finance and Associate Dean of the College. Selection is based on academic achievement and financial need.
Ponsoldt Family Education Scholarship
A scholarship open to any business major with financial need, with preference given to a student suffering a temporary financial setback (death of a parent, natural disaster, etc.) and from Martin, St. Lucie, Palm Beach, or Dade counties.
Robert L. Rose Scholarship Fund
This scholarship is awarded to finance majors who demonstrate academic excellence. Qualified applicants must be U.S. residents.
Robert L. Rose Memorial Scholarship Fund
A need-based scholarship awarded to finance majors who demonstrate academic excellence and have completed BUL 4310 or a business ethics course. Qualified applicants must be U.S. residents.
Brent Schlueter Memorial Scholarship
This memorial scholarship is funded by an endowment established by the Schlueter family for their son, Brent. Selection is based on business students who show academic achievement or financial need, with preference given to finance majors or members of the Delta Sigma Pi business fraternity.
Adolph Wohlgemuth Scholarship Fund
This scholarship fund provides support to business students and students intending to study abroad who demonstrate financial need.
JCPenney Retailing Fund
The JCPenney Retailing Fund was established in 1988 to support the programs and activities of the David F. Miller Center for Retailing Education and Research at the University of Florida’s Warrington College of Business. The Fund provides $10,000 per year in student scholarships, which are awarded to students at the university’s Fall board meeting each year.
Betsy Goodman Retail Scholarship
This non-endowed memorial fund provides partial support to a student or students studying retailing at the Warrington College of Business. The scholarship celebrates Professor Goodman’s almost two decades as a passionate ambassador for the David F. Miller Retail Center, the retail industry, and the many students whom she inspired.
Additional study abroad scholarships
Students who apply for and receive financial aid can continue to receive it while studying overseas. Students may apply Florida Bright Futures, Prepaid and other financial aid resources to cover study abroad expenses.
Deferment request for UF sponsored study abroad program
Florida Prepaid request form
UF Student Financial Affairs
UF Scholarships for studying abroad
The UF International Center and other departments also award study abroad scholarships for students attending UF-approved programs.
UF International Center study abroad scholarships
SAPA scholarships
CES Gerald R. Kunde, II Scholarship
(summer programs in Europe)
Partner/exchange scholarships
External scholarships
Association of American Study Abroad programmes | UK
Benjamin A. Gilman International Scholarship Program
Boren Awards for international study
Bridging Scholarships for study in Japan
BUTEX Scholarships | UK semester
Critical Language Scholarship program
Cultural Vistas
Freeman Awards for study in Asia
Fund for Education Abroad
German Academic Exchange Service
Honor Society scholarship
Phi Kappa Phi study abroad grants
Rotary International
Scholarship search tools
FastWeb
IIE Funding
International Education Financial Aid
International scholarships database
StudyAbroad.com
How to apply for a Warrington scholarship
Interested in one or more of Warrington’s undergraduate scholarships? Qualifying for the award starts with completing an application. (Accounting scholarship information is
found here
.)
Submit the online scholarship application
The application must be completed all at once, so please have your essay(s), resume and any other materials saved as PDF documents before opening the application. Also include your academic plan and permission for Disclosure.
Online scholarship application
Include a statement of purpose
This one- to two-page, double-spaced document needs to explain how you will benefit from the scholarship, highlight your academic achievements, and, if you intend to study abroad, include a description of your plans and goals.
Letter of recommendation
All recommendation letters must be submitted as PDF documents. The recommender may choose to email the letter instead, if preferred. Letters of recommendation are valid for up to two semesters.
Please note:
Your letter cannot be written by a Warrington College of Business International Programs staff member.
International students only
Your
Determination of Financial Need form
must be submitted in order to be considered for need-based awards.
Application requirements
Eligibility requirements
All applicants must meet the following minimum requirements at the time of application:
Undergraduate student
Currently enrolled full-time at the University of Florida
Fall or Spring semesters require at least 12 credits
Summer semester requires at least 6 credits
Appropriate scholarship applicant
General academic scholarship applicants must be one of the following:
Undergraduate Business majors (excluding accounting)
Online Bachelor’s in Business Administration students
Latin American-Caribbean (LAC) scholarship applicants must be the following:
Currently enrolled or continuing undergraduate student who has received the LAC scholarship prior to the
March 2025 update
.
Study abroad scholarship applicants must be one of the following:
Any student completing a Heavener International Program (UF in Dublin, Europe, Japan, London, Madrid, Paris, Rome, and South Korea)
Business-only majors planning to participate on an exchange program
Current FAFSA must be filed with the university in order to be considered for need-based scholarships.
International students will need to submit the Determination of Financial Need Form to be eligible for need-based scholarships.
Note:
The scholarship committee looks at many factors when awarding scholarships, including donor-stipulated conditions, academic record and/or financial need. If you meet the special donor-stipulated conditions as specified for one of the scholarships listed above, be sure to include this information in your application.
All Warrington Scholarship awards are only valid for one term.
Scholarship application process
Students must submit a new application and new materials for each term that they wish to be considered for any award (this includes the Latin-American Caribbean scholarship).
The application must be completed all at once, so please have your essay, resume, and any other materials saved as PDF documents before opening the application.
Online scholarship application
which includes academic plan and permission for Disclosure
Statement of purpose
(1-2 pages, double-spaced)
Indication of need for scholarship
Outline of academic and career goals
Description of study abroad plans and goals, if studying abroad
Resume
Letter of recommendation (must be submitted as a PDF document)
Letter cannot be written by a Heavener School of Business International Programs staff member;
Faculty letter of recommendations are strongly preferred;
The recommender may choose to
email
the letter instead if preferred;
Letters of recommendation must be dated and are valid for up to two semesters.
Additional essays
(if applicable)
International Students only:
Determination of Financial Need form must be submitted in order to be considered for need-based awards.
NOTE:
Scholarship essays should be original and updated for each term of application. Any scholarship materials found in violation of the
UF Student Honor
code will result in the disqualification of the application.
Application deadlines
Applications close at 11:59 p.m. on the listed deadline. Late materials will not be accepted, and incomplete applications will not be reviewed. This information does not apply to accounting scholarships.
October 1
For Spring semester awards
March 1
For Summer semester awards
May 1
For Fall semester awards
Have questions?
Reach out and find your answer.
Undergraduate Financial Aid
Student Financial Aid and Scholarships
S-107 Criser Hall
352-392-2244
Zoom via
OneStop
UF Online Financial Aid
UF Online OneStop
352-294-3290
UF Online OneStop Contact Form
Warrington Scholarship Committee
Email scholarships