URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/admissions-aid/masters-admissions
TITLE: Master’s & MBA Admissions | UF Warrington

Master’s and MBA admissions
Spark your unstoppable success
From manager, to leader, to executive. A single team to multiple departments directed by your guidance. A brand-new idea that grows into a billion-dollar company. There are many ways to describe upward, unbounded success, but as decades of alumni have found, a graduate degree from the University of Florida Warrington College of Business creates a catalyst for everything that follows.
They’ll tell you this: Warrington is where they advanced their knowledge of business, connected with key mentors and recruiters and expanded their credentials without taking on significant debt. Whether for an MBA or one of our specialized master’s programs, all of this awaits you and sets the stage for a promotion or career change.
Curious about what’s in store? Complete your application to find out.
How to apply to Warrington’s MBA programs
Make that leap to where you’re meant to be. Warrington’s MBA programs invigorate and transform careers, taking you to your first big promotion or right up to the C-suite. For assistance, we have outlined the application process below, or you can reach out to an admissions representative for additional guidance or questions.
Review admission requirements and deadlines
Full-time MBA
Weekend Part-time MBA in Jacksonville
Weekend Part-time MBA in Miami
Online MBA
Executive MBA
Joint MBA programs
Complete your application
The MBA program considers applications as they are received. However, applications are not reviewed until they are complete. Applicants are highly encouraged to apply as early as possible.
Review the eligibility checklist
Have you completed a business degree within the past seven years? You may be a candidate for Warrington’s intensive, one-year MBA programs. Review our
list of prerequisites
to see if you qualify, and then contact our admissions team so we can review your eligibility for an accelerated degree.
Fill out the UF Graduate School application
You will need to complete the UF Graduate School application, including the MBA supplemental questions. Please note character limits in the short answers and essays fields.
Start your MBA application
Essays and other documents
As you progress through the UF Graduate School application, be ready to upload your resume, complete the undergraduate GPA portion and pay a $30 application fee. Additionally, review and contemplate the
essay questions
ahead of time.
Application fee waivers are granted to students who attend admissions events. Additional waivers may be considered on a case-by-case basis.
Two letters of recommendation**
Upload your own evaluations or use the
Common Letter of Recommendation Form
. If your recommenders’ letters are not uploaded with your application, they must submit them
by email
. Recommendations should be from business associates or current MBA students or alumni rather than from relatives or former professors. If you’re on active duty in the military, you can
email
your last two evaluations in place of recommendations. Additionally, you can verify how many letters of recommendation have been received by checking your application status.
Transcripts
Contact all post-secondary institutions attended and request that your official, original academic records or transcripts be submitted in one of two ways: 1) electronically via E-Scrip/Credentials Solutions, Parchment, National Student Clearinghouse or Scrip-Safe to
UF Transfer Admissions
or 2) mailed in a sealed, signed envelope directly to
UF Graduate Admissions
. For current UF students, attach unofficial transcripts to your online application.
Test scores
Full-Time applicants are required to submit a test score — preferably the GMAT, although we also review GRE scores. Online, Part-Time and Executive MBA applicants can submit scores if they believe it will make their application more competitive. To submit GMAT scores, email your unofficial score report to the
MBA office
. Your official test score should be sent directly to the University of Florida,
institution code 5812
.
International applicants
Review the
University of Florida’s requirements
for English proficiency and transcripts. If you have any questions or concerns, please
email the Admissions Coordinator
or call
352-273-4956
.
Submitting your application
We encourage applicants to submit their applications year-round. If you apply after the deadline, you will be considered for the upcoming class only if space is available. In this case, please contact the admissions team to see if space is available and to design a personalized timeline for submitting materials.
Interviews
For the Full-Time MBA program, an interview will be conducted after the initial assessment of your application before an admissions decision is made. The admissions committee will typically render a decision within two to three months once your application has been completed.
What’s next?
Once your application has been submitted, our Admissions Coordinator will provide you with an update regarding your application materials. Please allow for five business days to receive this update during high-volume periods.
Admissions decisions
The decision delivery timeline will vary by program and time of year, but the goal is to deliver a decision within four to six weeks. You are welcome to contact us via the
MBA office email
once your application is submitted to check your status.
Save your spot
Once you are admitted, your official admissions letter and deposit invoice will be sent electronically to your email address on file within five business days. Submitting your deposit payment will reserve your spot within the cohort you were admitted into.
Deferred admissions
When an admitted student is unable to enroll in the term originally applied for and requests to begin in a later term, the admissions committee will evaluate the decision on a case-by-case basis. Outstanding applicants will be offered admission for the subsequent term, and other applicants will rejoin the applicant pool.
Send official transcripts
If admitted to the MBA program, official transcript(s) will be required before the end of your first term.
MBA application resources
Eligibility checklist
The form below is a guide you can use to evaluate if your undergraduate coursework meets the requirements for one of our one-year, 32-credit MBA programs. The courses listed are those taken at UF to earn an undergraduate business degree and serve as a baseline that the admissions team uses to compare MBA candidate transcripts from other schools. Candidates must have taken the courses below or a similar course to be eligible.
If you believe you’re eligible for an accelerated program, we encourage you to print out and fill in the table below so you may review these and similar courses with one of our admissions team members.
Course
Grade
earned
Date
completed
List substitute course
(if applicable)
ACG 2021
Financial Accounting
ACG 2071
Managerial Accounting
ECO 2013
Macro­economics
ECO 2023
Microeconomics
MAC 2233
Calculus I
STA 3023
Intro to Statistics
FIN 3403
Business Finance
MAN 3025
Principles of Management
MAN 4504
Operations & Supply Chain Management
MAR 3023
Principles of Marketing
QMB 3250
Statistics for Business Decisions
Scan a copy of the completed table  to the
admissions team
to ensure eligibility for our accelerated programs. If you are uncertain whether a particular class counts, we can check to make sure you are choosing the right MBA program.
Frequently asked questions about the MBA program
Can I be a Full-Time MBA student and take online classes?
The Full-Time program format only administers in-person courses. If you’re interested in online courses, we encourage you to check out our
Online MBA
formats or the Weekend Part-Time formats in
Jacksonville
or
South Florida
.
Can I start in a Weekend Part-Time format and switch to Online?
If a student encounters a hardship or relocation and cannot continue in a Weekend Part-Time option, the student can coordinate a transition to the online format. Since the Weekend Part-Time options enroll once a year, students can also transfer to a different Weekend Part-Time option and delay enrollment once per year. Given that the Part-Time and Online MBA formats are cohort driven and lockstep in nature, there is no flexibility to alternate enrollment in the Online and Weekend Part-Time option more than once. Any extenuating circumstances would need to be addressed with academic affairs. The course schedule does not allow an online student to transition to a Weekend Part-Time option.
Can I get an MBA in specific fields like healthcare in the Weekend Part-Time or Online MBA?
Our curriculum focuses on management and leadership to support every student’s professional goals. While we don’t offer areas of focus in our part-time or online formats, the skills gained from our MBA are transferable across any industry.
Does the program have to be done within two years from the time I start? Can I extend the program longer?
All students are enrolled with a cohort and expected to take the same set of classes together. We understand that personal, medical, family or professional obligations can potentially arise during your time in the program. If you find yourself in a situation that would prevent you from being successful in the program, you can contact your academic advisor to determine if it is possible to withdraw from your cohort and identify the right time to enroll with a different cohort.
Can I accelerate the program by taking more classes?
Each format’s curriculum has been designed to help students balance their work, life, and school schedules while earning their MBA and maximizing their experience in the program. Taking additional courses to accelerate the designed program is not recommended or offered at this time.
Can I choose what classes I take?
Each program format has its own curriculum schedule to offer students a balanced understanding of management and leadership. Each of our nine formats offers varying levels of flexibility in terms of course selection and classroom experience. We only offer concentrations in our Full-Time MBA format, where students can take any of our 100+ elective courses.
Is this program STEM designated?
Warrington’s MBA program is not STEM-designated. STEM-designated degrees offered at the Warrington College of Business include the Master of Science in Information Systems and Operations Management program and the Master of Science in Business Analytics.
Can I take individual MBA courses?
At this time, MBA courses are not open to non-degree-seeking students. For Warrington students, each program has a pre-set curriculum that must be followed.
Can I have an application fee waiver?
The application fee may be waived in certain instances, including for students who attend an admissions event.
Can I apply right after graduating? Do I really need two years of work experience?
Applicants need a minimum of two years of work experience to be eligible for any MBA program format. The only exception is the Executive MBA program, which requires a minimum of eight years. Prospective candidates may use relevant internship experience to count toward eligibility. Having work experience allows for a more diverse and rewarding classroom experience, where students learn just as much from their peers as they do from our award-winning faculty.
Can I apply to more than one program format?
The admissions committee will consider applicants for all program options with one application. There is no need to submit multiple applications.
Can I defer admission to a later term?
We typically do not offer deferments and will review requests on a case-by-case basis. We recommend applying for the term in which you intend to enroll.
I have an expired GMAT/GRE score from more than five years ago. Can I still use that for the MBA application?
For program formats requiring a GMAT/GRE score, a current and valid score must be received before the application can be accepted. The length of time that scores are valid varies, and you should check with the test distributor to find out if your score is still valid.
Can I transfer credits to the MBA program?
The University of Florida does not accept transfer credits for the MBA program. You would need to complete the full 32 or 48 credit hours for the program you start.
Can I take the one-year MBA if I graduated more than seven years ago?
Students must have graduated with a business degree within the last seven years to be eligible for a one-year or accelerated MBA format. Studies show that curriculum studied as an undergraduate student is irrelevant after seven years. Students with a business degree need a refresher in these courses so that they do not struggle through the program.
Contact MBA admissions
Executive
Naz Erenguc
Director of Admissions
352-273-1836
Email Naz
Full-time
Naz Erenguc
Director of Admissions
352-273-1836
Email Naz
Xavier Shannon
Assistant Director of Admissions
352.273.0348
Email Xavier
Weekend Part-time and Online
Christine Plumley
Assistant Director of Admissions
352-273-3219
Email Christine
Stephanie Marcoux
Assistant Director of Admissions
352-273-0346
Email Stephanie
Get current student perspectives
Considering our MBA or master’s programs? There’s no better connection than with one of our current students. Ambassadors for our graduate programs can help assure you why Warrington’s programs are perfect for you.
Connect with an ambassador
How to apply to Warrington’s specialized master’s programs
Immerse yourself in the potential of data and technology. Uncover or deepen your niche in accounting, finance, marketing or real estate. Pursue that distant horizon and all its possibilities with a study of international business or entrepreneurship.
Across all career paths, you’ll kick-start your aspirations with the UF Graduate School application, including for our combination and joint programs. Review our guide below or contact your admissions representative for assistance.
Review admission requirements and deadlines
Master of Accounting
Master of International Business
MS in Business Analytics
MS in Entrepreneurship
MS in Finance
MS in FinTech
MS in Information Systems and Operations Management — Data Science
MS in Information Systems and Operations Management — Information Technology
MS in Information Systems and Operations Management — Supply Chain Management
MS in Management
MS in Management, AI concentration — Jacksonville
MS Marketing Program
MS in Real Estate
Online Master of International Business
Online MS in Business Analytics
Online MS in Entrepreneurship
Online MS in Management
Online MS Marketing Program
Combination degrees
Joint degrees
Complete your application
Before you click “start,”
obtain a UFID
and have the following documents ready.
Fill out the UF Graduate School application
Submit the UF Graduate School Application and select your program, following the specifics based on the program requirements.
Start your specialized master’s application
Establishing residency
All applicants will be required to submit the Information for Residency Classification when they apply to the UF Graduate School. Learn more about
Establishing Residency for Tuition Purposes
.
Statement of purpose
For programs that require a statement of purpose, you should generally submit between 400 and 600 words that emphasize your motivations for applying to the program, why you think you are a good candidate for the program, and how the program fits into your future goals. Please also highlight what you think we cannot assess from the other application materials. Review program specific requirements to ensure your statement follows recommended guidelines.
Letters of recommendation
When letters of recommendation are required by your program, you’ll submit the name and contact information for recommenders in the Graduate School application. Those individuals will then receive an automatic email after you submit your application. Review the specific requirements for your degree on the program’s web page.
Transcripts
If a transcript is required, you’ll upload transcripts through the Graduate School application or Application Checklist for
all
institutions attended. Unofficial transcripts are acceptable for admissions processing; if admitted, official transcripts from all institutions must be submitted during the first term of study. You can check your application status and upload transcripts on
UF Admissions
. UF undergraduates do not need to send copies of UF transcripts or those transcripts that are included in the UF transcript.
Test scores
If your program requires GMAT/GRE scores, any test scores must be sent directly from the testing organization to UF (institution code 5812). It can take up to four weeks for the Admissions Office to process your test score. It is important to allow for this delay by taking the exam well in advance of the application deadline. Review your program’s test score requirements on the program web page.
International applicants
Review the
University of Florida’s requirements
for English proficiency and transcripts. Certain programs may have higher test score requirements. An interview may also be requested. Review the specific requirements for on the degree program’s web page.
What’s next
Know what to do when you receive an offer of admission.
Save your spot
Admitted applicants will be asked to accept their admission offer within two weeks of receiving their offer letter.
Official transcripts
If admitted, you must submit official transcripts from all institutions you have attended during your first term of study.
Contact specialty master’s admissions
Master of Accounting
Fisher School of Accounting
352-273-0200
Email the Fisher School
Master of International Business
Email MIB
MS in Business Analytics
Jessica Samson
352-294-9107
Email MSBA
MS in Entrepreneurship
Megan Buttel
352-273-0334
Email Megan
MS in Finance
Kelly Herring
352-392-9249
Email Kelly
MS in FinTech
David Mascio
352-392-4669
Email David
MS in Information Systems and Operations Management
Jessica Samson
352-294-9107
Email MSISOM
MS in Management
Email MSM
MS in Management, AI concentration — Jacksonville
Email Lea Fernandes
MS Marketing Program
Email MS Marketing
MS in Real Estate
Courtney Mack
352-273-0310
Email Courtney
Combination
Allison Gatsche
352-273-0165
Email Allison
Financial aid
Don’t forget about your FAFSA! Complete it alongside your application to qualify for loans and need-based aid. To cut costs further, discover all the ways Warrington helps you fund your degree, from scholarships to tuition assistance.
Learn more about graduate financial aid
Prospective student events
No posts found.
More prospect events
Make your move
One application equals limitless possibilities for your future.
MBA application
Specialty master’s application