URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/admissions-aid/cost-aid
TITLE: Business School Financial Aid, Tuition & Scholarships | UF Warrington

Tuition and financial aid
A low upfront investment with high long-term potential
That sounds like an investor’s dream. It’s also what distinguishes the University of Florida Warrington College of Business.
Our winning formula begins with some of the lowest tuition rates among top-ranked business schools. We then bring a reputation that future employers respect and a whole network of alumni ready to help you out. This all adds up to less debt when you graduate and a career path that’s always trending upward.
As you evaluate your options, calculate your financial commitment, apply for scholarships and discover all the funding opportunities available to you.
The cost of a Warrington business degree
More than an assertion, our numbers speak to the actual value of a Warrington business degree, both now and in the long term.
Top 30
Warrington offers the lowest tuition rates of the top 30 business schools.
75-100%
Placement rates across our undergraduate and graduate programs.
30+%
Salary boost for Online and Part-Time MBA graduates.
$33,490
The least amount of debt among the top 25 MBA programs.
Poets&Quants
Tuition and fees
Access competitive tuition rates for a competitive business education. Review all costs for the upcoming academic year for on-campus and online programs.
Undergraduate tuition and aid
Graduate tuition and aid
Net price calculator
How to apply for financial aid
Qualifying for need-based awards and loans comes down to one crucial factor: the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA®). If you’re located in the U.S., you’ll complete this form as an incoming undergraduate, transfer, or graduate student and every year you attend Warrington.
Complete the FAFSA®
Head to Student Financial Aid and Scholarships for deadlines and step-by-step financial aid guidance. It’s a good idea to submit the FAFSA® as you apply to UF, so you can anticipate the cost of entrance.
Apply for aid
Scholarship applications
Scholarships offered through UF, Warrington or an outside source may require a separate application. Keep track of all requirements and deadlines to qualify for more awards.
Browse UF scholarships
Review your award
You’ll receive your financial aid notification through ONE.UF. At this stage, review and approve your awards to apply them toward your tuition for the upcoming semester.
Check your aid status
Types of aid available to Warrington students
Talented, driven and making your next move? Whether you’re an incoming undergraduate, a working adult, or a Ph.D. candidate, Warrington offers a way to pay for your degree.
Scholarships and assistantships
Cover all or part of your tuition with these merit- and need-based awards for incoming and current students.
Undergraduate scholarships
These semester-based awards contribute to your tuition or help you study overseas. Awards require a separate application.
Master’s and MBA scholarships
Program-specific scholarships reward your achievements as you add a new credential and gear up for more responsibility or a career change.
Assistantships
We can’t wait to see what you’ll discover! For Ph.D. students, assistantships — plus a full tuition waiver and a research budget — let you devote your attention to creating new knowledge, free of distractions.
More options for tuition assistance
Accelerate your path. Come back. Or create your next chapter. No matter your story, we support your every step:
Combination degrees
Getting a head start on a master’s degree? Apply your undergraduate scholarships toward graduate tuition and pay the difference.
Explore all combination degrees
Employer tuition assistance
New knowledge equals a more innovative workforce. As your employer invests in your growth with an MBA, we’ll work with your HR department to set up a tuition payment plan.
Military benefits
Make the transition to civilian life or advance through the ranks of your unit with a business degree from a top military-friendly school. Whatever your goal, your hard-earned benefits can go toward any of Warrington’s undergraduate, graduate or online programs.
Loans
Rounding out your financial aid package, loans assist with remaining costs and fees. They help pay for your education now, and later, you’ll pay them back with interest.
Student perspective
Through my MBA, I was able to successfully pivot into a management-level position at a fantastic company. My salary increased substantially compared to my time in engineering, and my future financial outlook greatly improved. The MBA degree at Warrington was the best financial decision that I have ever made. The ROI is through the roof.
– Carter Bright (BS ’22, MBA ’24)
1
/
n
Have questions?
Here’s where to find your answers.
Undergraduate Financial Aid
Student Financial Aid and Scholarships
S-107 Criser Hall
352-392-2244
Zoom via
OneStop
UF Online undergraduates
UF Online OneStop
352-294-3290
UF Online OneStop contact form
Graduate Financial Aid
Connie Reed
203 Hough Hall
352-273-4960
Email Connie Reed