URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/admissions-aid/undergraduate-admissions
TITLE: Bachelor of Business Admissions — Freshmen & Transfer | UF Warrington

Undergraduate admissions
Business careers begin at Warrington
Create and market a product. Calculate revenue, or select stocks about to skyrocket. Across all industries, business attracts doers and innovators who turn new ideas into companies, profits and brands. And that’s exactly how the University of Florida Warrington College of Business teaches our undergraduate students.
Internships, case competitions, investment management groups and leadership programs encourage you to drive results with everything you’re learning. They’re also a direct jumping point into the workforce. You’ll grow your resume, learn from professionals (including our alumni), and become the well-rounded employee who knows how to strategize, collaborate and use data.
Whether you’re interested in accounting, management, marketing, or finance, or you want to craft your own career, a Warrington education shows you how to make your future happen. Your first task? Completing your application. Let’s get started!
How to apply to Warrington
Every story has a narrator — and here, that’s you. Determine how you’ll proceed based on your previous education and if you’ll attend Warrington in person or online. Then, tell us who you are: your dreams, your achievements and everything else that makes you unique.
Freshman admissions
Are you finishing high school or a recent graduate? Even if you have some college-level credits, you’ll apply as a freshman, a process that involves filling out the Common App plus the UF Supplement and choosing your major. Once admitted, you’ll be directed toward on-campus studies at Warrington or the
Pathway to Campus Enrollment (PaCE) program
.
Innovation Academy
Maximize your studies by taking courses over the spring and summer semesters. You can then reserve your fall for an internship or study abroad experience. If accepted into the program, you’ll additionally earn an Innovation minor alongside your major.
Transfer admissions
If you completed some post-high school college courses or an associate degree, UF considers you a transfer student.
Review Warrington’s transfer requirements
before submitting your application.
Online admissions
Same courses. Same instruction. 25% less tuition. In our Online BSBA and BABA programs, you’ll get the Warrington experience wherever you are, entirely at your own pace.
International students
Applying to Warrington from overseas? You’ll follow the freshman application process with additional steps for transcripts and English proficiency.
Readmission
If you haven’t enrolled at the University of Florida for at least three consecutive semesters, including summer sessions, you’ll reapply to continue your studies in the same major, at the same degree level.
Changing a major?
Interests change, you get exposure to a new discipline, or you might want to take your studies in a different direction. UF recognizes these possibilities and gives you multiple semesters to change your major, provided you’re on track to graduate on time. To make this move, learn more about how it works and what you need to do.
Non-degree admissions
Curious about Warrington’s courses? To understand what we’re all about, register as a non-degree student during a summer term on a space-available basis.
Add a minor, second major, or master’s degree
As your story takes shape, you might decide to challenge yourself or specialize. Take advantage of electives and double-counted credits to pursue an
undergraduate minor
, a
second major
or get a
head start on a graduate degree
.
The Warrington experience
Discover our programs, from BSBA majors to our customizable BABA, and how you’ll craft your story one experience at a time.
Explore Warrington
Undergraduate transfer requirements
Accounting
Students seeking a transfer to the
Bachelor of Science in Accounting
program should follow the
Junior transfer requirements
.
General Studies, Finance, Information Systems, Management and Marketing
1. Pick a program
BABA in General Studies
BSBA in Finance
BSBA in Information Systems
BSBA in Management
BSBA in Marketing
2. Meet transfer requirements
The Warrington College of Business requires all students to meet the following requirements in order to be admitted to any on-campus program:
A minimum 3.0 GPA from each previously attended college-level institution
Completion of all prerequisite courses with a minimum 3.5 GPA, including all course attempts
Have not completed more than one junior-/senior-level business course
Have not completed 90 or more transferable credit hours (not including dual enrollment and AP/IB/AICE credit earned in high school)
Meet all
university transfer
requirements
Please note:
Florida state college students (formerly Florida community colleges) who will have an AA degree awarded are given admission priority under the state’s articulation agreement. However, space availability still makes admission competitive.
Review all program-specific requirements:
Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration in General Studies
Fall admission: At the time of application, five out of the seven prerequisite courses (including Financial Accounting and Calculus) must be completed, with the remaining two prerequisite courses in progress. All seven grades must be posted to your transcript by the transcript deadline, May 15.
Spring admission: At the time of application, five out of the seven prerequisite courses (including Financial Accounting and Calculus) must be completed, with the remaining two prerequisite courses in progress. All seven grades must be posted to your transcript by the transcript deadline, October 1.
All remaining prerequisite courses must be in progress, and your current prerequisite GPA must be a 3.5+, including all course attempts.
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (Finance, Information Systems, Management, or Marketing)
Fall admission: Complete all seven prerequisite courses by the end of the spring term prior to admission.
Spring admission: Complete all seven prerequisite courses by the end of the summer term prior to admission.
Finance Majors must earn a 3.0 or higher in all ACG courses, including the prerequisites listed below.
Additionally, Finance majors are not required to complete MAC 2234 if they completed MAC 2233, but it is recommended for competitive applicants. Finance majors who have not completed MAC 2234 prior to admission will be required to do so in their first or second semester at UF. Non-Finance business majors are not required to complete MAC 2234.
If you apply to one of these majors and are not offered admission, you may be offered the Business General Studies major, as long as you meet the minimum requirements.
The admissions process for the Finance program is very competitive and heavily weighted on GPA.
For all programs:
Please note that we do not accept test credit for the CGS2531 prerequisite.
3. Complete your prerequisite courses (BABA and BSBA)
Course Number
Course Title
ECO 2013
Principles of Macroeconomics
ECO 2023
Principles of Microeconomics
CGS 2531
Problem Solving Using Computers
STA 2023
Introduction to Statistics
MAC 2233 OR MAC 2311
Survey of Calculus OR Analytic Geometry and Calculus 1
ACG 2021
Introduction to Financial Accounting
ACG 2071
Intro to Managerial Accounting
In-state public institution students:
If you are attending or have attended another Florida public institution, please use our
list of equivalent courses
to determine if your classes meet the prerequisite requirements.
Please note:
Students coming from Florida state colleges must apply for and earn their AA before attending the University of Florida.
Out-of-state or private institution students:
If you are attending or have attended a non-Florida institution or a Florida private institution, you must complete the
equivalency process
and submit the necessary documentation.
Equivalency materials are due two weeks after transfer applications close. Without approved course equivalencies, you will not be eligible for admission.
Deadlines
For Admission to
Deadline to Apply
Transcripts Due
Equivalency Materials Due
Decisions
Fall
May 1
May 15
May 15
BABA: Rolling through June 15
BSBA: May 20
Spring
September 15
October 1
October 1
BABA: Rolling through November 15
BSBA: October 14
Frequently asked questions
If I am accepted as a Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration General Studies major, can I switch to one of the Bachelor of Science in Business Administration majors later on?
Once you have been admitted into the Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration program, you cannot switch to a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration major at a later date.
If I apply for one of the Bachelor of Science in Business Administration majors (Finance, Information Systems, Marketing, or Management) and am not offered admission, am I automatically considered for the Business General Studies major?
If you are not selected for the BSBA major you applied for and you meet the Business General Studies major requirements, we will contact you via email to verify your interest in the BABA program. If you accept, we will consider you for the Business General Studies major for both on-campus and online programs.
Can transfer students apply to more than one major at once?
No, students may only submit one Warrington College of Business transfer application at a time.
Who do I contact if I have a question about my transcripts being received or about the university-level transfer requirements?
You can find more information about UF’s transfer requirements on the main
Office of Admissions’ website
. For specific questions or to request information regarding your transcripts, you can reach out to the Office of Admissions by email or call them at 352-392-1365.
How will my prerequisite GPA be calculated?
The prerequisite GPA is an average of all seven prerequisite courses (or their equivalents). It is important to note that UF does not offer grade forgiveness — when we calculate your prerequisite GPA, we include all of your attempts at the prerequisite courses (or their equivalents). Prerequisite GPAs do not include course credits earned through test credit.
If you would like to find your GPA, you can use our
GPA calculator
. Be sure to include all attempts at the prerequisite courses with the appropriate credits per course.
What if I received college credit for one of the seven prerequisite courses by passing a test, like AP/IB/AICE?
Test credit can be used to meet a course requirement. The test simply counts as passing and is not factored in the calculation of the prerequisite GPA. Refer to the UF catalog for which UF courses are awarded for passing certain exams.
Will my 3000/4000-level business course credits transfer?
Students are not eligible for admission into any on-campus Warrington College of Business major if they have completed more than one Junior-/Senior-level business course. No Junior-/Senior-level business courses taken outside the University of Florida will count toward a student’s degree tracking, but they may count as elective credits.
Can I apply for a summer term?
Unfortunately, we do not offer on-campus transfer admissions for the summer term.
If you have further questions that have not been answered here, please
email the admissions team
.
Business PaCE
Pathway to Campus Enrollment
The UF Office of Admissions selects qualified freshman applicants for the
PaCE (Pathway to Campus Enrollment) Program
—this is not a program students apply for. As a PaCE student, you’ll start your career by taking your courses through UF Online. In order to transition from UF Online to residential coursework, you’ll need to complete both general and major specific transition requirements (see below). In the Heavener School of Business, students who accept the university’s invitation to enroll in PaCE are eligible for the
Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration (BABA) – General Studies
major only.
PaCE students may not change to a non-PaCE major (such as Finance or Marketing), even after making the transition to campus. By signing the PaCE contract, we are ensuring that
you understand this policy
. If you are not satisfied with the PaCE majors offered, this program may not be a good fit for you. You can find a
full list of PaCE majors
on the UF Admissions website.
Information for PaCE Admits
As part of the Heavener School of Business, you are strongly encouraged to enroll in
GEB2015: Warrington Welcome
in your first semester. Warrington Welcome is a one-credit course designed to help Business Gators transition to the University of Florida and the Warrington College of Business.
Until you transition to campus, you are not allowed to attend live lectures or live in UF residence halls. Regardless of whether or not you move to Gainesville, you can certainly take advantage of University resources, including the Broward Teaching Center, the Disability Resource Center, and the UF Libraries, among many other resources. To take full advantage of the opportunities on campus, students moving to Gainesville should consider the
Optional Fee Package
.
Transition Requirements for PaCE BABA-General Studies Majors
PaCE BABA-General Studies majors must complete
all
of the following requirements
before
applying to transition to campus:
Earn 60 total credit hours (up to 45 hours can come from
AP/IB/AICE
credit, while additional hours can come from approved
dual enrollment
credit)
Complete a minimum of two semesters in UF Online
Earn at least 15 UF credit hours online
Complete all
Universal Tracking requirements
for the BABA degree, including ECO2013, ECO2023, ISM3013 or CGS2531, STA2023, MAC2233 or MAC2311, ACG2021, ACG2071
Earn a minimum
3.0 cumulative critical tracking GPA
Earn a minimum 2.0 cumulative UF GPA
Once all transition requirements are fulfilled, PaCE Business students will be reviewed by the Heavener School of Business for eligibility to transition to campus. At that time, students will receive an email with information about the PaCE transition process.
Questions?
Email
PaCE Business advising
Frequently asked questions (non-accounting)
How long will it take a Business major to transition to campus?
In order to transition to campus, students not only need to complete 60 total credits (including at least 15 UF credits), but they also need to successfully complete all seven Critical Tracking courses with at least a 3.0 Critical Tracking GPA. Some students who have incoming college credit may earn 60 credits before they complete the seven Tracking courses. The average PaCE student will need at least three semesters to complete all Tracking courses due to prerequisites and course rigor. In general, we recommend that the seven Tracking courses be taken over the course of four semesters. However, each student’s situation is different, so it is imperative to meet with your Academic Advisor in the Heavener School of Business for personalized academic advising
O
nce I enroll in UF Online courses in the Fall, can I take classes at other schools at the same time to get a traditional classroom experience in at least some of my courses?
Although not encouraged for various reasons, it is possible to take some courses at other schools while enrolled in UF Online courses. Please work with an Academic Advisor to create a customized academic plan and to review dual enrollment policies and procedures. Please note that this applies to PaCE Business students while in UF Online (pre-transition to campus), other colleges will have different policies regarding transient work.
Can I change my major from General Studies to another Business major like Finance or Marketing after I transition to campus?
Students may not change to a non-PaCE major (such as Finance or Marketing), even after making the transition to campus. By signing the PaCE contract, we are ensuring that you understand this policy. If you are not satisfied with the PaCE majors offered, this program is not a good fit for you. Although not guaranteed, it is possible to apply to a non-PaCE business major by submitting a College Petition. College Petitions for non-PaCE major changes will only be accepted and reviewed for students who have successfully completed all requirements needed to transition to campus and have attained exceptional UF and Critical Tracking GPAs. This petition process is highly competitive and students should not rely on this method to change to their preferred business major. Access the Heavener School of Business
College Petition
to submit your request for a non-PaCE business major change.
Can I pursue a minor? Which minors can I do?
You may absolutely pursue a minor as a PaCE student. Students are encouraged to meet with an Academic Advisor to ensure that all minor requirements can be met within the time frame of degree completion.
How many credits will I have coming into UF from AP/IB or dual enrollment?
To determine how many UF credits (if any) you will receive based on your AP/IB scores and/or dual enrollment coursework, please use the resources listed below.
AP credit
IB credit
Dual enrollment credit: If your dual enrollment coursework is from a Community College, State College or Public University in the State of Florida, UF will accept all credit. Most dual enrollment courses will count as Elective credit. Others may count as credit towards your General Education requirements or Universal Tracking requirements.
Determine whether your coursework will count as Gen Ed credit or Tracking credit:
Gen Ed credit: Look at the course number and title of your dual enrollment course (STA2023 – Introduction to Statistics). Search for that course on the
UF Gen Ed course listings
. If the course is listed on this Gen Ed page, then it will count as Gen Ed credit. If not, it will count as general elective credit.
Tracking credit: Use the
course equivalency table
.
If your dual enrollment coursework is from a private or out-of-state institution, then please check whether there is an active equivalency status for one of our Universal Tracking courses on our
Course Equivalencies webpage
.
Is a math placement test required?
While not required, it is highly recommended that you take the ALEKS math placement exam. If you have not already gotten credit for MAC2233 or MAC2311, then you will be required to take MAC1140 (Precalculus) unless you take the ALEKS exam and receive a minimum score of 61%. Find more information about the
ALEKS exam
.
Important: Taking MAC1140 before MAC2233 can set your transition date back because it may take you longer to finish all 7 tracking courses. This is why it is so important to take the ALEKS exam and see if you can skip MAC1140.
I want to take classes this summer at my local community college to get a head start on earning 60 credits and finishing the Universal Tracking classes. Which classes do you recommend?
Because it can take up to 4 semesters to finish all 7 business tracking courses, it is recommended that you take a Universal Tracking course this summer. Many students do not want to take math classes online; in this case, students might prefer to take quantitative courses in the summer before they enroll at UF. Make sure you check the
Course Equivalency page
to ensure you are taking the correct course at your local community college. Here are a few tracking courses we recommend:
STA2023 – Introduction to Statistics
MAC2233 – Survey of Calculus
MAC2311 – Calculus 1 will count as well. Students pursuing a pre-med track should take this course instead of MAC2233.
MAC1140 – Precalculus is a prerequisite for MAC2233, so many students may need to start with MAC1140 before they can take MAC2233.
ECO2023 – Principles of Microeconomics
ECO2013 – Principles of Macroeconomics
CGS2531 equivalent course – Problem Solving using Computer Software
Tuition and financial aid
That “it” factor distinguishes a product, brand or company in a competitive marketplace. As a business school, ours stands upon a hands-on education plus tuition that’s about half the national average. And that’s before you qualify for scholarships and more awards
Calculate your costs
Key deadlines
Sept. 15
Transfer application deadline for spring admissions.
Nov. 1
Freshman Early Action application deadline.
Dec. 1
Deadline for submitting the 2025-26 FAFSA®.
Jan. 15
Freshman Regular Decision application deadline.
Mar. 3
Freshman application extended deadline.
May 1
Transfer application deadline for fall admissions.
Visit us
Tour our classrooms, clubs, and state-of-the-art facilities, all with guidance and perspectives from the Warrington Diplomats.
Schedule a tour
Start your story here
The plot’s about to get exciting. Direct it where you want it to go with the education and experiences you’ll find at Warrington.
Contact an admissions counselor
Visit us
Start your application