URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/admissions-aid/apply
TITLE: Application | How to Apply | UF Warrington College of Business

Start your application
Brilliance awaits
A curriculum shaped by current theories and applications. Hands-on training in quantitative and AI tools. Unmatched career guidance.
These factors not only define the University of Florida Warrington College of Business but also launch countless awe-inspiring, industry-shaping and reputation-making futures. And it all begins with an application. Find out how you can proceed.
Undergraduate business programs
Studying business at Warrington is an experience —
your
own experience, where you’ll learn in real-world settings, from student and professional mentors, and even in thriving business capitals. Your story is just beginning, so pick your path and steer it wherever you intend to go.
Freshman application
Submit the Common Application if you’re a current high school student or recent graduate.
Transfer application
Do you have post-high school college credits (or an associate degree)? You’ll complete the University of Florida’s transfer application for Warrington’s review.
Online undergraduate application
Apply to UF Online to turn a remote education into your new reality.
Undergraduate admission requirements
We’ve compiled all requirements to provide you with thorough guidance, from start to finish.
MBA programs
That upcoming promotion (and every other advancement opportunity after) is yours with an MBA from Warrington. With that new title comes a network of alumni who know exactly what you’re capable of, plus a substantial salary boost in many cases.
MBA application
Specify which program you intend to begin (Full-Time, Part-Time, Online, or Executive), and then show us why you’re a strong candidate for a Warrington MBA.
Master’s admission requirements
Compile documents, contemplate your essay questions, and review the full application process here.
Specialized master’s programs
No matter the industry, specialists are integral to an organization’s big-picture objectives, collaborating day to day to uncover new solutions or tackle complex problems.
Warrington’s master’s programs in accounting, business analytics, entrepreneurship, finance, information systems, international business, marketing and management pave the way toward these roles — advancing your career or turning it in a new and exciting direction.
Graduate application
Select your program of interest on the UF Graduate School Application, and then give us insight into your background, achievements, and professional goals.
Master’s admission requirements
Outline your next steps, prepare your statement of purpose, or reach out with any admissions questions.
Combination bachelor’s-to-master’s degrees
Many UF undergraduate majors seamlessly integrate with Warrington’s specialized master’s degrees. To start graduate-level courses during your junior year, learn more about all available programs and how to apply.
DBA program
It takes innovators and changemakers like you to direct the future of business at the ground level. Whether you seek to investigate an issue or dive deeper into an observed pattern, Warrington’s DBA program provides a faculty-guided place for pursuing these and more questions.
DBA application
Tell us about you, your research interests, and why you’d like to explore them at Warrington.
Doctoral admission requirements
Know which documents you need or get your questions answered before starting your application.
Ph.D. programs
A spirit of intrepid, far-reaching discovery defines Warrington’s culture. Our Ph.D. candidates are a driving force, producing research that influences how business schools teach and how companies all over the globe operate.
Ph.D. application
What are you passionate about — and how will you harness it to unleash tomorrow’s business theories and practices? This is your chance to showcase your ideas and how Warrington will help you achieve them.
Doctoral admission requirements
See the admission process step by step and what to expect after submitting your application.
Need assistance?
Contact your admissions counselor or program coordinator with your questions.
Undergraduate admission
Master’s and MBA admissions
Doctoral admissions