URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/current-students/undergraduate/international-case-competition
TITLE: Heavener International Case Competition - UF Warrington College of Business

Heavener International Case Competition
Feb 8-14, 2026 | Warrington College of Business
A week of business experience in Florida
The ability to see how business is conducted through different cultures is an invaluable resource in a globalizing economy. Case competitions are a great opportunity to take what is learned in the classroom and apply it to real world business scenarios. The Heavener International Case Competition (“HICC”) will provide competitors a week of business experience in Florida, one of the tourist capitals of the world!
Provide a world-class competition that exposes students to the strategic challenges and decisions encountered by global business leaders
Provide students the opportunity to improve their problem-solving, teamwork, and communication skills
Provide an environment for the exchange of ideas and experiences among students and coaches
Real-world application
The competition
February 8 – 14, 2026
Warrington College of Business
University of Florida
Location
The cases
The Heavener School of Business collaborates with sponsoring organizations to develop business cases for the competition.
Rulebook
The participants
A diverse group of the best business schools in the world are invited to participate. Teams consist of four undergraduates selected by their school.
Participant info
Global exposure
Business practices and philosophies vary the world over. You’ll learn about approaches and applications you hadn’t considered from your fellow competitors during trips and social hours held throughout the week.
Network and explore
You’ll come out of your brainstorming sessions to network and socialize with global peers as eager to transform business as you are. In between, excursions take you to the sights and excitement of one of the world’s tourist capitals.
Sponsors
To discuss sponsorship opportunities, please contact us.
Become a sponsor
Platinum sponsors
Silver sponsors
Heavener School of Business
Warrington College of Business
University of Florida
Gainesville, Florida
UF campus map
Location
Gainesville
Known for the beauty of its natural surroundings, Gainesville serves as the cultural, educational and commercial center for the north central Florida region and is home to the University of Florida—Florida’s largest and oldest university. Gainesville’s numerous parks, museums, lakes and many nearby natural springs provide entertainment to thousands of visitors each year. Because of its beautiful landscape and urban “forest,” Gainesville is one of the most attractive cities in Florida.
Average High Temperature: 76° F / 24° C
Average Low Temperature: 54° F / 12° C
Things to do
Gainesville is host to many cultural events, art and theater, as well as unique restaurants and cuisine. Outdoor activities are plentiful given the beautiful natural surroundings. Check out
Visit Gainesville
.
From Gainesville you can easily visit major cities, Florida’s famous beaches and theme parks. Just 2 hours to the west, Tampa and serene Gulf Coast beaches await; 2 hours to the east Jacksonville and the Atlantic coastal beaches and 2 hours south, you will find Orlando, the home of Disney World and Universal Studios theme parks.
Travel and lodging
Hotel
AC Hotel Gainesville
151 Nw 14th St
Gainesville, FL 32603
352-792-1151
Directions to hotel
All competition locations will be within walking distance of the host hotel with the university just across the street.
Rideshare services (Uber/Lyft) are also available in Gainesville.
Airports
Gainesville Regional Airport
Other airports within 2-3 hours of Gainesville:
Jacksonville International Airport
Tampa International Airport
Orlando International Airport
Tallahassee Airport
Participant info
Individual eligibility
The HICC is offered to universities that provide programs related to undergraduate business disciplines. Each individual participant in the HICC must meet all the following criteria:
Participants must be full-time undergraduate students at a participating school, 26 years of age or younger
For students on the European University System:
A student currently studying in or before the 3rd year of specialized business education
For students on the North American system:
A student currently studying in or before the 4th year of undergraduate study
The student may
not
have participated in HICC in a prior year
Team compositions
Participating universities are permitted to enter one (1) team consisting of four (4) members and are allowed to be accompanied by one (1) or more coach(es).
Should a team member become unable to participate, due to unexpected illness or other reasons, during the competition, the team may continue with the remaining members. Substitutions or alternates are not permitted.
16 universities from around the world
Packing list
Case tools
Laptop
Charger
Adapter
Provided case materials outlined in the
Case Information
section of the Rule Book.
Travel items
Toiletries
Identification documents (e.g., passports)
Phones
Sunscreen
Umbrella/Raingear
Clothes
Clothes for the week,
including the following:
Cocktail attire (e.g., semi-formal)
Two (2) university t-shirts (one to wear at kick-off ceremony and one to swap at kick-off ceremony)
Formal business attire (e.g., suits, blouses, blazers)
Dress code and schedule
Kick-off ceremony:
University t-shirt and extra University t-shirt to swap with another participant
Team pictures:
HICC shirts
Case presentations:
Formal business attire
Tuesday dinner:
Cocktail attire (e.g., semi-formal)
Competition schedule 2025
Time
8-Feb
9-Feb
10-Feb
11-Feb
12-Feb
13-Feb
14-Feb
15-Feb
16-Feb
7:00
Breakfast
Breakfast
Breakfast
Breakfast
Breakfast
Breakfast
Breakfast
Breakfast
7:30
8:00
8:30
9:00
Case presentations
Bus to
theme park
Work on Case 2: 28 hours
Case
presentations
Safe travels!
9:30
10:00
Swag & supply distribution
Team pictures
10:30
Rules briefing
11:00
Teams meet with coach
11:30
HICC kick-off
Case briefing
Lunch
Theme park
Feedback & division results
12:00
Free time
Feedback
Case Briefing
12:30
BBQ lunch
13:00
Work on Case 1: 9 hours (1pm-10pm)
Ranking
announcements
Work on Case 2: 28 hours
13:30
Division draw & shirt swap
Free time or
optional gun range
14:00
Finals
14:30
Stadium & campus tour
15:00
Arrival
15:30
16:00
Break to change
16:30
17:00
Free time
17:30
Buy snacks & have dinner with host
Free time
18:00
Bus to hotel
18:30
19:00
Swamp social
Touchdown
Terrace closing
ceremony
19:30
Networking event
20:00
20:30
21:00
21:30
22:00
22:30
23:00
23:30
0:00
Case-related
Social-related
Rulebook
Case information
General expectations
Submitted materials (i.e., PowerPoint slides) and presentations must be in English.
Preparation of cases will occur in competitors’ hotel rooms.
Teams are encouraged to conduct substantial research about the case company/industry prior to arriving at the competition if given the case companies.
Preparation materials
Provided materials:
One (1) Flip Chart
One (1) pack of four (4) colored markers
Fifty (50) sheets of 8.5’’/11’’ paper
Allowed, but
not
provided materials:
Calculators of any sort
Additional stationery material (e.g., post-it notes, pens, pencils)
Four (4) laptops with ability to connect to wifi networks
Prepared documentation, research and notes
Prepared presentation PowerPoint decks (i.e., templates) are allowed and encouraged
External communication
Teams are prohibited from communicating with
any
outside party during the time they are working on the case.
For
Case 1
, teams are prohibited from engaging in discussion about the case with anyone other than their team members until after the Question-and-Answer period.
For
Case 2
, teams are prohibited from engaging in communication with their coach until the finalists are announced.
Finalists
are prohibited from engaging in communication with their coach until after they have completed the Question-and-Answer period for the final round of presentations.
Competition format
Division selection and team names
Teams will be divided into four (4) divisions
Universities will be assigned a division by a random draw
Universities will present under a chosen team name (e.g., “ABC Consulting”). Team names may
not
identify the participants university or home country by any means (e.g., school colors, mascots, national symbols)
Case 1: 9 hours
1 pre-read
3-minute uninterrupted overview
22-minute discussion
2 summary slides (not including title slide) & unlimited appendix slides
Case 2: 28 hours
1 pre-read
5-minute uninterrupted overview
20-minute discussion
5 summary slides (not including title slide) & unlimited appendix slides
Deliverables and presentation
Case 1
Deliverables
For case 1, teams must submit the presentation in both PDF and PowerPoint file format (.ppt or .pptx)
A one-page pre-read to give to the judges that provides an overview of your recommendations is submitted the night before
PowerPoint deck with two summary slides providing overview of recommendations followed by unlimited appendix slides supporting recommendations
PowerPoint slide size is widescreen (16:9)
Presentation
Teams will present using one (1) personal laptop.
Teams will have
three (3) uninterrupted minutes
to present a summary of their recommendations. Teams
may not
access their appendix slides during this portion. Accessing appendix slides during this portion will result in a last place finish.
When the 3 minutes have elapsed, the room monitor will announce the start of the
twenty-two (22) minute discussion period
. Teams may access and are encouraged to use their appendix slides during this period.
There is
no requirement
on the number of team members that need to speak during the 3-minute presentation; however,
all
team members must speak during the discussion period.
Time signals of ten (10), five (5), two (2), and one (1) will be given for the discussion period. A one (1) minute signal will be given for the 3-minute pitch.
After the time has elapsed, the presenters will be cut-off if still speaking.
The judging panel will have access to virtual copies of the presentation.
Case 2
Deliverables
For case 2, teams must submit the presentation in both PDF and PowerPoint file format (.ppt or .pptx)
A one-page pre-read to give to the judges that provides an overview of your recommendations is submitted the night before
PowerPoint deck with summary slides (five slide limit) providing overview of recommendations followed by unlimited appendix slides supporting recommendations
PowerPoint slide size is widescreen (16:9)
Presentation
Teams will present using a provided computer.
Teams will have
five (5) uninterrupted minutes
to present a summary of their recommendations. Teams
may not
access their appendix slides during this portion. Accessing appendix slides during this portion will result in a last place finish. There is
no requirement
on the number of team members that need to speak during the 5-minute presentation.
When the 5 minutes have elapsed, the room monitor will announce the start of the
twenty-minute (20) discussion period
. Teams may access and are encouraged to use their appendix slides during this period.
All
team members must speak during the discussion period and failure for every team member to speak during the twenty-minute time frame results in a last place finish.
Time signals of ten (10), five (5), two (2), and one (1) will be given for the discussion period. A one-minute (1) signal will be given for the 5-minute overview.
After the time has elapsed, the presenters will be cut-off if still speaking.
The judging panel will have access to virtual copies of the presentation.
Final round
Deliverables
The team with the highest number of points in each division will present in the final round. In the event of a tie, the team with the highest score for the long case will advance
Teams will re-present their Case 2 presentation in the final round. Teams are not allowed to modify their PowerPoint in any way between the divisional and final round
The order of finalist presentations will be chosen at random
Presentation
Presentation format follows case 2 instructions.
Case weighting and awards
Case weighting: case 1 (9 hours)
Case 1 weighted at
25%
for final round eligibility
Teams will choose their presentation time for Case 2 in the order they are ranked for Case 1. For example, the first-place team in Case 1 will be the first team in their division to choose which presentation time they want for Case 2
Case weighting: case 2 (28 hours)
Case 2 weighted at
75%
for final round eligibility
The team in each division with the highest allocated points after Case 2 will present in the final round
In the event of a tie, the team with the highest score for the long case will advance.
Case weighting: point allocation
Case
Weighting
1st
2nd
3rd
4th
1
25%
10
7.5
5
2.5
2
75%
30
22.5
15
7.5
Case evaluation
Each case presentation will be evaluated by a panel of at least two (2) judges, with no maximum number of judges.
The judging panels will consist of case company representatives and industry professionals (e.g., consultants, bankers, etc.). There will be zero (0) academic staff on the judging panels.
The judges will rank the teams in their appointed divisions, with points allocated to teams as listed in the above table.
Spectators and case feedback
Spectator attendance
Competitors may
not
attend any other presentations during the three divisional rounds; however, all competitors are welcome and encouraged to watch the finalist presentations.
Finalist teams may only watch the remainder finalist presentations after they have presented.
Team coaches are allowed to attend
all
presentations
in their assigned divisions
. Coaches are
not
allowed to attend presentations from teams of another division.
The final round will be open to the public.
Case feedback
After all presentations, teams will be allowed ten (10) minutes of feedback from the judging panels. Teams are welcome to ask questions during this period on ways to improve, or just listen to the feedback.
Coaches are
only
allowed to attend the feedback of their team.
Rankings
will not
be given during the feedback, and teams are not allowed to ask for their rankings.
Consequences for rule violations
The Organizing Committee reserves the right to disqualify any team for violating any of the above rules. The right to disqualification extends to areas of competition not explicitly outlined in this rule book such as general conduct throughout the competition. Decisions by the committee are binding and non-negotiable.
Organizing committee
Ashley Lau
President
Eli Makaron
VP of Operations
Hayden Roddy
Co-VP of Experiential Logistics
Madison Passmore
Co-VP of Experiential Logistics
Emma Arigo
VP of Hospitality
Ashton Bacon
VP of Communications
Heather Andrasik
VP of Marketing
Jimmy Hazlett
VP of Events
Drew Delimitros
VP of Sponsorships
Shea Berman
VP of Corporate Relations
Questions?
M. Sean Limon
Bryan Hall 233L
PO Box 117150
Gainesville, Florida 32611-7150
352-273-3214
Contact the program advisor