URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/current-students/undergraduate/advising
TITLE: Undergraduate Academic Advising & Policies | UF Warrington

Undergraduate academic advising
Let’s write your story
This is how your story takes shape — course by course, experience by experience, all the way to your career.
Throughout your time at the University of Florida Warrington College of Business, your academic advisor serves as your guide: They’ll help you stay on top of degree requirements, select the right courses, and determine if you’ve found the right major.
Considering graduate school, a combination degree, or a specific career path? They’ll tell you if you’re on track. Set up an appointment to talk about prerequisites or the benefits of adding a minor or second major.
Whether your story is just beginning or more than mid-way through, learn more about what to expect when meeting with your advisor, and review Warrington’s resources for course selection and registration.
Academic advising appointments for on-campus BSBA and BABA students (including all PaCE students)
Make your introduction — including your interests, dreams, and goals — and stay in touch to discuss your progress. From formal appointments to quick updates, understand the options available to you:
If you do not see immediate availability in bookings, keep checking daily for cancellations and new openings.
On-campus programs: Schedule an appointment
10-minute drop-in advising*
Schedule a 10-minute in-person or Zoom meeting to touch on degree or minor requirements, one-semester academic plans, dropping a course, choosing your classes, or assistance with registration.
25-minute advising appointment**
Attend an in-person or Zoom meeting to discuss long-term academic plans (more than one semester), Interviewing Officer statements, or degree planning.
Email advising
Don’t have time for a meeting? Send us an email to receive specific feedback related to your inquiry within one to two business days. Use your GatorLink email address with your UFID in your message, and provide the advisor with your specific questions and any necessary context information.
Send your request
Forms upload
This secure site allows students to upload forms that need signatures, such as dual degree applications, Summer enrollment waivers, etc.
This is not to be used for study abroad forms.
Upload your forms
Heavener peer advising
This dynamic group of upperclassmen supports first-year students in their transition to Warrington. Reach out about scheduling, participating in clubs and leadership programs, and balancing your course load with all the opportunities available to you.
Meet our peer advisors
*Ten-minute drop-in meetings are only released three days in advance. Same-day bookings are available for drop-in appointments only. Drop-in appointments are for quick questions only.
**25-minute appointments are not available during advance registration and drop/add periods and are released 10 days in advance.
Academic advising appointments for online BSBA and BABA students
Online business program resources
All information for current students in the Online Business Program is posted in the Online Student Center in E-Learning. After logging in with your GatorLink account, you will find the site listed at the bottom of your course list. The Online Student Center will give you access to the following resources:
Orientation information for new students
Registration and textbook information
Exam information
Academic advising resources and policies
Calendar with important dates
Useful links
Announcements
Discussion boards
E-Learning log in
Establish your GatorLink account
Making an appointment
Online business majors are assigned to an advisor based on the first letter of their last name. Check out the
list of academic advisors
for online students. Reach us by phone at 352-273-0747 or email us directly.
Find your academic advisor
Academic advisors are assigned to a specific advisor based on their program and last name.
On-campus BSBA and BABA programs (including transfer students)
Emily Overend
(A-Buk) and (Dib-Fil)
Jason LaBret
(Bul-Dia)
Tristin Wisener
(Dib-Gos) Currently on extended leave for spring 2026
Tym Lock
(Got-Kat)
Nathan LaRubbio
(Kau-Mar)
Brandon Peterson
(Mas-Pak)
Taylor Kear
(Pal-Ros)
Kimberly Schmitt
(Rot-Sh)
Jennifer Perez
(Si-Wam)
Allison Gatsche
(Wan-Z) and (Fim-Gos)
Innovation Academy
Melissa Forgione
Combination degrees
Allison Gatsche
Kimberly Schmitt
PaCE
Sarah Morais
(A-K)
Daniel Byrd
(L-Z)
Online BSBA and BABA programs
Advisors, courses, and major options are different for UF Online students. Please see our
UF Online Advising for services and resources
tailored for UF Online business students.
Ella Tabares
(A-G)
Kari Shattuck
(H-L)
Kristen Benedini
(M-Q)
Meghan Dwyer
(R-Z)
Registration and course planning
What you know (and the grades to support it) advances your story to the next stage. So check off the basics, broaden your horizons, and see exactly where your GPA and requirements stand.
Registration
Understand how to register for courses, including drop/add and as an incoming exchange student.
Course offerings
Align your core and major courses with your current availability to plan your upcoming schedule. Includes information for incoming exchange students. For the Schedule of Courses, log in with your GatorLink to view days, times, and locations.
GPA calculator
Enter your grades to calculate your GPA for all courses completed to date.
Electives
Discover something new, dive deeper into an industry, or combine your electives into a minor or second major.
Course equivalencies
Courses taken at another university don’t always equate to the same course at UF. Before you take a course elsewhere, you must first determine that the course you wish to take is an approved equivalent to the UF course. All required 3000-4000 level business courses and restricted elective courses must be taken at UF, unless they are completed as part of an approved study abroad program.
Credit conversions
If you attend an exchange program, UF will convert these credits into UF credits. Because credit conversion varies between schools and countries, please check the exchange program information page of the school you will be attending for further details.
S-U policy for studying abroad
You cannot take general education, pre-professional (tracking), core or major courses for a Satisfactory (S) or Unsatisfactory (U) grade. When studying abroad you may take
one
elective course S-U, but only if the institution awarding the grade uses pass/fail as a grade and it’s approved in advance.
Schedules and important dates
BSBA and BABA students follow the semester schedule. Please refer to the
UF Academic Calendar
for further information on semester dates.
Some undergraduate business courses follow the module schedule or a semester divided into two halves: each seven to eight weeks long. The Fall term is composed of Modules 1 and 2, and the Spring term is composed of Modules 3 and 4. Final exams are held over the last week of each Module. Registration dates follow the schedule in the UF Catalog.
Module session calendars do not include Reading Days. Module courses may have an exam scheduled on a regular calendar session Reading Day.
Please note:
The Fisher School of Accounting uses a semester schedule for all undergraduate classes that follows the
UF Academic Calendar
. Graduate accounting courses for the 3/2 program use a
modular schedule.
*Important dates for module courses are not posted in the
UF Academic Calendar
and are not the same as the university’s academic dates. To view the Final Exam Schedule, consult the
UF Academic Calendar
. To avoid a late fee,
tuition for module courses is due at the time of registration
.
Spring 2026
Spring Module 3: January 12 – February 27
Date
Event
October 27
Advance registration starts
January 9
Regular registration starts
January 12
Classes begin
January 12-16
Drop/Add
January 19
Martin Luther King Jr’s Birthday (UF closed)
February 20
Deadline to drop a Mod 3 course (with fee liability, “W” assigned)
February 27
Classes end
Last week of classes
Final exams
Spring Module 4: March 2 – April 24
Date
Event
October 27
Advance registration starts
January 9
Regular registration starts
March 2
Classes begin
March 2-6
Drop/Add
March 16-20
Spring break (no classes)
April 17
Deadline to drop a Mod 4 course (with fee liability, “W” assigned)
April 24
Classes end
Last week of classes
Final exams
Fall 2026
Fall Module 1: August 20 – October 9
Date
Event
March 23
Advance registration starts
August 19
Regular registration starts
August 20
Classes begin
August 20-26
Drop/Add
September 7
Labor Day (UF closed)
October 2
Deadline to drop a Mod 1 course (with fee liability, “W” assigned)
October 9
Classes end
Last week of classes
Final exams
Fall Module 2: October 12 – December 4
Date
Event
March 23
Advance registration starts
August 19
Regular registration starts
October 9
Homecoming (no classes)
October 12
Classes begin
October 12-16
Drop/Add
November 11
Veterans Day (UF closed)
November 20
Deadline to drop a Mod 2 course (with fee liability, “W” assigned)
November 23-27
Thanksgiving Break (no classes)
December 4
Classes end
Last week of classes
Final exams
Degree requirements and complements
At Warrington, expectations turn into transformative experiences in and out of the classroom. Get a sense of your program’s requirements and how you can build from there.
All degrees and majors
Review all courses for your major, or learn more about other on-campus and online programs offered through Warrington and their requirements.
Minors
Focus your skills toward a specific industry, or see what it means to be an entrepreneur.
Combination degrees
If your desired career benefits from a master’s, Warrington’s combination programs help you acquire that sought-after credential in less time. See all pathways and their requirements before you apply.
Internship
Can you do the job, and how much experience do you have? Required for all on-campus students, internships act as a “Yes!” and let you add defined achievements to your résumé and LinkedIn profile.
Study abroad
Study business and even intern in a new location, where you’ll see a region’s economic system in action and apply your knowledge in a different context. Can be completed in place of an internship.
Review all core and major course requirements
Universal Tracking
Universal Tracking is an academic monitoring system that evaluates your progress during the first four semesters to ensure that you are taking the appropriate pre-professional courses for your major. The following charts outline your specific tracking requirements.
Universal tracking courses for business majors
Course/title
Credits
ECO 2013 Principles of Macroeconomics
4
ECO 2023 Principles of Microeconomics
4
CGS 2531 Problem Solving Using Computers
or
ISM 3013 Introduction to Information Systems
3
or
4
STA 2023 Introduction to Statistics
3
MAC 2233 Survey of Calculus
or
MAC 2311 Analytical Geometry w/Calculus 1
3
or
4
ACG 2021 Introduction to Financial Accounting
4
ACG 2071 Introduction to Managerial Accounting
4
Finance majors only:
MAC 2234 Survey of Calculus 2
or
MAC 2312 Analytical Geometry w/Calculus 2
3
or
4
Universal Tracking timeline and GPA requirements
All business majors are required to:
Complete a specified number of Universal Tracking courses each semester during the first four semesters
Meet the required Universal Tracking GPA each semester during the first four semesters
Maintain a 2.0 UF GPA
General Studies, Information Systems, Marketing, and Management majors
Semester
Required number of tracking courses
Universal Tracking GPA
UF GPA
1
1
2.5
2.0
2
2
2.75
2.0
3
2 (including ACG 2021)
3.0
2.0
4
2
3.0
2.0
Note: Business majors whose first term of enrollment was before Summer B 2012 should contact their assigned Academic and Career Advisor for guidance on their Universal Tracking requirements.
Finance majors
Semester
Required number of tracking courses
Universal Tracking GPA
UF GPA
1
2
2.5
2.0
2
2
2.75
2.0
3*
2 (including ACG 2021)
3.0
2.0
4*
2
3.0
2.0
*3.0 or better is required.
Note: MAC 2234 is a required course but does not factor into your tracking GPA.
Note: Finance majors whose first term of enrollment was before Summer B 2016 should contact their assigned Academic and Career Advisor for guidance on their Universal Tracking requirements.
BSBA and BABA major courses
Information Systems
ISM 3254, ISM 3255, ISM 4113, ISM 4210, ISM 4220, ISM 4330, QMB 4701, and QMB 4702
Finance
ACG 3101, ACG 4111, FIN 4414, FIN4453, FIN 4504
For FIN 3403, the ninth Universal Tracking course, the student
must earn a B or better at UF within two attempts of taking the class
(this includes dropping and withdrawing from the course).
General Studies
Complete a minimum of 12 credits in your declared
area of specialization
Management
MAN 3240, MAN 4301, MAN 4723, and four credits of 3000/4000-level MAN or BUL prefix elective or ENT 3003
Marketing
MAR 3503, MAR 4803, and eight credits of 3000/4000-level marketing electives
Major changes
Interests change, you get exposure to a new discipline, or you might want to take your studies in a different direction. UF recognizes these possibilities and gives you multiple semesters to change your major, provided you’re on track to graduate on time. To make this move, learn more about how it works and what you need to do.
Please note:
During peak times (advance registration periods and end of term before drop/add), processing major change requests may take up to three to four weeks. Requests are reviewed in the order received.
Major change from outside Heavener
A non-business student’s eligibility to change into any Heavener major is determined by two different GPAs: their UF GPA and their GPA for one or more completed Universal Tracking courses (ECO 2013, ECO 2023, CGS 2531/ISM 3013, STA 2023, MAC 2233/MAC 2311, ACG 2021, and ACG 2071). Which scenario below applies to your situation?
All those who change majors outside of Heavener must complete the
major change request form
.
One or more Universal Tracking courses completed
3.0 Universal Tracking GPA or > required to change into any Heavener business major
2.0 UF GPA or > UF GPA required
Completed less than 130 total credit hours as determined by a Heavener advisor at the time of my requested major change
No Universal Tracking courses completed
3.0 UF GPA or > required to change into any Heavener business major
Completed less than 130 total credit hours as determined by a Heavener advisor at the time of my requested major change
Accounting major changes into Heavener
3.0 Universal Tracking GPA or > required to change into any Heavener business major
2.0 UF GPA or > UF GPA required to change majors
Completed less than 130 total credit hours as determined by a Heavener advisor at the time of my requested major change
Transfer students
Transfer students admitted into UF as non-business majors are not eligible to change majors into the Heavener School. Learn about
Heavener Transfer admissions
.
PaCE students
PaCE students may only major change to the
General Studies
major, even after transitioning to campus.
Major change requests to Information Systems
Students wanting to change majors to Information Systems (if eligible), must do so prior to the end of their 5th tracking term. Once a student is in tracking term 6 or later, the IST major will not be an option.
Major change inside Heavener
Current business majors who were admitted to UF as freshmen are eligible to change freely from one business major to another until their major coursework begins. Schedule a meeting with your academic advisor to officially change majors.
Have you completed or enrolled in 50% of your major courses? If so, you are not eligible to change from one business major to another.
Please note that students admitted to UF as transfer students are not eligible to change their major.
Students wanting to change majors to Information Systems (if eligible), must do so
prior to
the end of their 5th tracking term. Once a student is in tracking term 6 or later, the IST major will not be an option.
Business major changes outside Heavener
Business majors changing into any major outside Heavener must contact their new advisor in the appropriate college. Heavener advisors only provide academic advising for current or prospective business majors. Want to change your major outside Heavener? Start by visiting your new advisor found on UF’s academic advising webpage.
Changing majors outside business but still interested in continuing your business education? Here are some helpful options:
Major in something similar to business
Pursue a
business minor
Take
business elective courses
Enroll in a business master’s
combination degree program
, offered through the Hough Graduate School of Business
Resources and forms
Find handbooks, forms for changing or adding a second major, syllabi, video lectures, and everything you need to manage your studies. For the Schedule of Courses, log in with your GatorLink to view days, times, and locations.
Academic dates and deadlines
Academic advising contacts
Computer requirements
Grade appeals process
One.UF
UF schedule of courses
Undergraduate Catalog
Undergraduate minor application
Dual Degree Application
Course syllabi
Video lectures
Policies and procedures
Taking courses at other institutions as a transient student
Except for studying abroad, business majors are strongly encouraged to complete their coursework at the University of Florida.
Important Reminder:
When the grade(s) you earned are posted, order your final transcript and have it sent to the University of Florida. Transcripts should be sent to the following address:
University of Florida
Transfer Credit Evaluation
PO Box 114000
Gainesville, FL 32611-4000
General rules and guidelines
Transient forms will not be reviewed/processed prior to the start of advance registration for the term being requested (e.g., Fall transient requests will not be reviewed until mid-June).
Please allow five to seven business days for your online form to be processed.
Be sure to put your UFID number in the Student Comments section of the online form. This will help us process your request as quickly as possible.
The following courses
must
be taken at UF (unless taken via study abroad): core business, major area of specialization, restricted elective, and 3000-4000-level minor courses offered by Warrington.
The Warrington College of Business prohibits students from taking classes at UF and another educational institution during the same semester. Please note that the
full summer semester
(A/B/C) is considered the same semester. This means if you plan a summer A or B course as a transient student, you will not be able to take summer A/B/C courses at UF.
Grades earned at other institutions will
not
factor into your UF GPA (except for those from international exchange schools); however, grades earned in tracking courses at other institutions
will
factor into your Universal Tracking GPA.
Only courses from UF or another state of Florida public university will count toward UF’s nine-hour Summer requirement.
It is your responsibility to ask
all
other schools that you attend to send your official transcript to the UF Registrar’s Office.
Do
not
break residency by attending another school during your final 30 credit hours at UF.
Out-of-state and international courses require approved
course equivalencies
.
Before taking a non-UF course for a minor, certificate, or another UF degree program, verify that the sponsoring department will accept non-UF coursework.
If you have additional questions about transient work, please discuss them with an academic advisor.
Students are not allowed to take courses transient while on
any
study abroad program. While abroad, students are
not
allowed to take additional UF courses that are not included in their study abroad program’s offerings.
A hold will be placed on your record to prevent UF enrollment upon approval of the transient request. The only exception to this policy is in the case of our Internship courses (GEB4941, MAR4941, or MAR4945) with which we will permit concurrent enrollment at UF and a non-UF institution.
Taking courses at other state of Florida institutions
Identify the course(s) you want to take and the institution you will attend. If you plan to take a Universal Tracking course at a community college, state college, or public university in the state of Florida, view the list of
approved course equivalencies
and links to these schools.
Look on the transient institution’s website to determine a) the application process for transient (or non-degree-seeking) students, b) the beginning and end dates of the semester you plan to attend, and c) course availability.
If you are requesting to take ACG 2021 (Financial Accounting) and ACG 2071 (Managerial Accounting) at an institution (example: during Summer A and Summer B), respectively, be aware that ACG 2021 is a prerequisite for ACG 2071 and must be completed before beginning ACG 2071. It is your responsibility to check with the host institution as to whether or not it is possible to take both courses in the same term if the end date for ACG 2021 overlaps with the start date of ACG 2071. Please check with the institution before applying.
If applicable, apply to the institution you plan to attend as a non-degree/transient student.
Go to
FloridaShines
and complete an online Transient Student Admissions Application. Review these step-by-step instructions on FloridaShines.
Please remember to put your UFID in the comments section of the transient student application.
Review the website of the school you want to attend to determine the following:
Procedures for registering as a transient (or non-degree-seeking) student
Course number(s) and title(s)
Universal Tracking equivalencies
The availability of the course(s)
Note: Most schools do not post their Summer course schedule until mid to late March.
Important note:
Some institutions require students to apply for admission to their school before they fill out the transient form, while others want students to fill out the transient form first.
Go to
Florida Virtual Campus
. Scroll down and click on the “Take a Course” section.
Read about taking a course at another school, and then click on the link at the bottom to start your Transient Student Application.
Select “University of Florida” in the dropdown menu under “Select Your Home Institution.”
Enter your UF GatorLink ID (not your UFID #) and your password.
Important note:
FACTS.org may not accept your GatorLink password if it contains an unusual character (including some punctuation marks). The only way around this is to change your password.
Select “Business Administration” and “All Departments” from the dropdown menus, and then click “Next.”
Note: If you are not currently a business major, you need to select the UF college that oversees your current major.
Complete the form and select the transient institution you want to attend.
Select the term/year and type in the course info. Type your UFID number in the “Student Comments” box and click to sign. Your transient student form will be automatically sent to the UF Warrington College of Business. An academic advisor will approve or deny your request.
After submitting your request, the transient application will be automatically routed to a Warrington College of Business advisor. If approved, your form will automatically be sent to the UF Registrar and then on to the other school. You can check the status of your request on the FloridaShines website at each stage of the approval process, or receive email notification by providing a valid address on your online form.
Note: When you receive notice that your application has been reviewed by a Warrington Advisor
, read the FAQ section below to determine the conditions of your request (denied FloridaShines applications or approved FloridaShines applications).
A transient form might be denied if:
You’re enrolled at UF in the same term you’re asking to attend the other institution.
You need 30 or fewer credits to finish your UF degree.
You are not a business major.
You have already earned a “C” or better in the course you want to take.
You request to take a course that you are required to take at UF.
When your transient form is approved by a Warrington College of Business academic advisor, it will be automatically sent to the UF Registrar. When approved by the Registrar, the form will be automatically sent to the transient institution for final approval.
You can check the progress of your transient student form on FACTS.org on the transient student form main page.
To earn credit for the course(s) you complete at another institution,
you
must ask the institution to send your transcript to:
University of Florida
Transfer Credit Evaluation
PO Box 114000
Gainesville, FL 32611-4000
All
coursework completed at other institutions
must
be reported.
Important guidelines for taking courses at other schools
Courses you
can
take at other schools:
Universal Tracking
General education
Foreign language
Free electives
Courses you
can’t
take at other schools:
Core business courses
Major courses
Area of specialization courses
Restricted electives (e.g., non-business/business electives)
Grades earned at other schools:
Will not
be calculated into your UF GPA but will appear on your official UF transcript.
Will
be calculated into your business Universal Tracking GPA.
The nine-hour Summer requirement
Courses taken at a Florida community college
will not
count toward the nine-hour Summer enrollment requirement. Courses taken at a Florida four-year public university
will
count toward the nine-hour Summer requirement.
Taking courses at private or out-of-state institutions
If you want to take a Universal Tracking course at a private or out-of-state institution, you should first determine whether the specific course at that institution has been approved as equivalent to the UF course by checking the
course equivalency database
.
S-U option
Taking courses for a Satisfactory-Unsatisfactory grade instead of a letter grade
Polices for business majors
Business majors are
not
permitted to take any Warrington College of Business courses for a Satisfactory (S) or Unsatisfactory (U) grade instead of a letter grade (this includes but is not limited to upper-division electives and business electives); however, business majors can take free electives using the S-U option.
To use the S-U option, you must complete an S-U Option Form, which is available in 333 Heavener Hall or 222 Criser by the
Registrar’s deadline
.
Once the S-U option is approved, it is final. You cannot revert the S-U grading option to earn a regular letter grade.
You can elect the S-U option for only one course each term (in addition to courses that are taught only on an S-U basis).
Courses taken to fulfill the general education and the writing and math requirements cannot be taken S-U.
For complete S-U option information and deadlines, refer to the
S-U option policies
and
critical academic dates
.
Please see an academic advisor if you have additional questions regarding the S-U option.
Taking courses online: Students away from Gainesville
Each semester, the Warrington College of Business provides UF students who are away from Gainesville with the opportunity to take our business courses online. Students are able to view campus lectures via streaming video and take exams proctored online. To participate, you must meet course prerequisites, have a GatorLink account, have access to high-speed internet, and have a webcam.
Campus-based students who are
in Gainesville
are not permitted to register for these courses.
Registration
See an advisor in Heavener 333 to see if courses are available online for Fall and Spring semesters.
Business majors who want to take an online course because they are away from Gainesville should complete the following steps:
Check the course prerequisites in the
Undergraduate Catalog
.
Meet with an academic advisor in Heavener 333 for assistance with registration.
Fees
In addition to regular tuition and fees, there is a distance learning and online proctoring fee for these courses. See the Registrar’s
schedule of courses
for details.
Academic probation
There are two types of academic probation: university-level probation and college-level probation. Review the
UF Probation Policies
on their Academic Progress Policies page.
Regarding college-level probation, if you earn less than a 2.0 core, major, area of specialization, or UF GPA, you will be placed on academic probation for a maximum of two semesters. The Warrington College of Business will place a registration hold on your record and require you to meet with an advisor to discuss the terms of your probation contract, as well as strategies for improving academic performance.
As a rule, you will be asked to earn specific grades in the following semester to eliminate at least half of your
grade point deficits
. If you accomplish this, you will be allowed to continue on probation for one more semester. At the end of the second semester of probation, you must either earn the grades you need to remove all deficit points or change your major to a non-business major. Students who do not meet the terms of their probation will be prohibited from continuing in a business major.
Category
Minimum GPA requirement
Core
2.0
Major or Area of Specialization
2.0
Overall UF
2.0
Understanding academic probation
GPA calculator
Drop/add and withdraw
Dropping courses after the initial drop/add period
The Warrington College of Business strictly adheres to UF
drop and withdrawal policies
and
deadlines
. To drop a course after the initial drop/add period, you are advised to meet with an academic advisor for assistance. You may
petition
the School for additional drops
only
if you can document an extenuating circumstance that was beyond your control (e.g., personal injury or illness, a natural disaster, death in the family).
Advice on dropping classes
When deciding whether or not to drop a course, you should first fully evaluate your situation. The following guidelines can help you with the decision-making process:
Determine the grades you have earned in the course so far.
Review your course syllabus for grading policies and the grading scale.
Calculate the number of points you need to obtain the desired grade.
Talk to your professor (and/or TA) to get an opinion on your chances for achieving the desired grade.
Consult with a financial aid advisor (S107 Criser) to determine the financial consequences for dropping the course.
Florida Bright Futures scholarships information
Contact my financial aid advisor
Contact your academic advisor to request to drop the course and discuss the consequences for dropping the course, strategies and alternatives to dropping, resource options, and ways to improve your future chances for academic success.
Withdraw from a semester
If circumstances require you to withdraw from the entire semester, or if you are failing all or most of your classes, seek the advice of an academic advisor. Withdrawing from an entire semester does not require the use of your two “free” drops.
Application to withdraw from all courses
Adding courses after the initial drop/add period
For assistance with the late addition of a Heavener electronic platform course during the first two weeks of the semester, see an academic advisor. To late add any other courses, you must have the permission of the instructor and/or department that offers the course, as well as approval from an academic advisor.
Important dates
Module 1
August 21-27: Drop/add
October 3: Deadline to drop a Mod 1 course (with fee liability, “W” assigned)
Module 2
October 17: Drop/add
November 21: Deadline to drop a Mod 2 course (with fee liability, “W” assigned)
Module 3
January 13-17: Drop/add
February 21: Deadline to drop a Mod 3 course (with fee liability, “W” assigned)
Module 4
March 3-7: Drop/add
April 18: Deadline to drop a Mod 4 course (with fee liability, “W” assigned)
Dual degrees
Heavener has separate dual degree policies for business and non-business students.
Plan Early.
Meet with an advisor from each college offering the degree program to map out a four-year academic plan of study
Follow Your Academic Plan.
Students are expected to follow their approved plan of study and graduate within nine fall/spring academic terms. Summer coursework is not included within the allotted nine semesters; use this ‘free’ semester as a way to catch up in coursework or get ahead.
Graduation.
Don’t apply to for graduation in either colleges until
both
degree requirements are finished.
As a dual major, you must complete course work for both degrees simultaneously. Do not apply for graduation until you have completed the requirements for
both
degrees. You are also expected to follow your approved plan of study, to graduate in the semester that is designated on the
dual degree application
, and to submit a new application if you want to change one of your majors.
Non-business majors
Non-business majors can pursue a dual degree in any Heavener business major
except for Information Systems (IST)
assuming the qualifications below are met.
Students wishing to pursue a dual degree with Information Systems must have IST listed as their
primary major
prior to submitting the dual degree application.
Dual Degree Eligibility
First, complete all Business Tracking courses and earn a 3.00 tracking GPA.
GPA Requirement.
Students earning < 3.00 tracking GPA are not eligible for any Heavener dual degree programs.
Second,
apply for your dual degree
after earning between 45-96 UF credit hours.
Application Review.
Heavener advisors cannot process dual degree applications until students have completed all business tracking courses. Grades for all business tracking courses must appear on your UF transcript (i.e., no tracking courses in-progress.)
Coursework completion deadline.
Complete all coursework within nine fall/spring semesters. Students are allowed to stay as many summers as needed. Summer coursework is not included within the allotted nine semesters; use these ‘free’ semesters to catch up or get ahead.
Third, remain in good academic standing within Heavener and the University of Florida.
Transfer students from other colleges are
only
eligible to pursue a dual degree with the BABA (General Studies). Additionally, the transfer student must have already had all 7 business tracking courses completed with a 3.5 tracking GPA or higher prior to matriculation at UF (this is the current transfer admissions GPA for BABA admissions).
Additional information about CLAS dual degree policies
.
Business and accounting majors
Business students can pursue a dual degree with any major outside Warrington. Due to accreditation issues and course overlap similarities, business and accounting majors are not allowed to pursue two majors within Warrington. Although dual degrees are popular, pursuing a
combination bachelor’s/master’s degree
in business is a preferred alternative for all Heavener students.
Dual Degree Eligibility
First, complete all Business Tracking courses and earn a 3.00 tracking GPA.
GPA Requirement.
Students earning < 3.00 tracking GPA are not eligible for any Heavener dual degree programs.
Second,
apply for your dual degree
after earning between 45-96 UF credit hours.
Application Review.
Heavener advisors cannot process dual degree applications until students have completed all business tracking courses. Grades for all business tracking courses must appear on your UF transcript (i.e., no tracking courses in-progress.)
Coursework completion deadline.
Complete all coursework within nine fall/spring semesters. Students are allowed to stay as many summers as needed. Summer coursework is not included within the allotted nine semesters; use these ‘free’ semesters to catch up or get ahead.
Third, remain in good academic standing within Heavener and the University of Florida.
Frequently asked questions
Find answers to common questions about majors, courses, and other advising topics.
Majors and minors
The general studies major is a Bachelor of Arts degree, and the other business majors are Bachelor of Science degrees. Is that important?
No. There is no significant difference between a Bachelor of Arts and a Bachelor of Science degree. One degree will not look better than the other on your résumé.
What is the difference between a minor and a certificate?
Minors and certificates are very similar in that they allow you to broaden your knowledge of a particular subject. They are different in that a minor will be listed on your transcript when you graduate, but a certificate will not. This should not inhibit you from pursuing a certificate. Certificates are very beneficial because they often require a related internship.
Where can I find a list of minors and certificates offered at UF?
A complete list of
minors
and
certificates
and their requirements can be found in the UF Undergraduate Catalog.
How important is it to earn a minor or certificate?
It’s not imperative that you earn a minor or certificate. Your primary goal should be to take courses that interest you and will help you develop career knowledge/skills. Minors and certificates are beneficial in that they focus your required elective courses on a specific topic.
When can I start working on my minor or certificate?
You can begin minor or certificate coursework in your first semester. It’s ideal to decide on a minor or certificate early on in your college career so that you have time to finish it.
Can I earn more than one minor or certificate?
Yes. There is no limit on the number of minors you can earn; however, you must complete all of your minor and bachelor’s degree requirements in eight to nine semesters (excluding summers).
When can I apply for a minor, and how do I go about doing that?
You can apply for your minor once you earn 45 credits (including AP/IB/Dual enrollment/AICE coursework). To apply for a minor, complete the
minor application
through One.UF.
Can I take my minor and certificate courses at another institution?
Lower-division courses can be taken at another institution that offers an equivalent course; however, all 3000-4000-level minor courses must be taken at UF or via a study abroad program that is pre-approved by the Heavener School of Business.
Students who are pursuing a minor in other UF colleges should consult with an advisor in that college.
Reminder:
Business majors who are taking their last 30 credit hours cannot take courses at another institution except via a pre-approved study abroad program.
Equivalent lower division minor courses
UF advisor contact
Universal Tracking
What happens if I don’t meet Heavener School of Business tracking requirements?
If you don’t meet the tracking requirements for business majors, you will either be declared or predicted to be “off track” and will receive a hold on your student record that prevents you from registering for the next semester. You can be deemed off track if you do not complete the required number of tracking courses, earn the required tracking GPA, or both.
You will also be declared “off track” if your UF GPA is below a 2.0 or if you do not complete your eighth major-specific tracking course by the end of the fifth term.
What happens if I’m declared “off track?”
If you are off track, you will receive a tracking hold that prevents you from registering for the next semester. To have the hold removed, you must meet with an academic advisor in 333 Heavener Hall to discuss the grades and/or courses you need to get back on track. If you are off track for the first time, the advisor will remove your hold. If you are off track for the second time in a row, or predicted off track for the second time, your hold will not be lifted until you successfully complete all of your business tracking requirements. If you are unable to successfully complete your tracking courses, you must change your major to a non-business major.
What’s the difference between “off track” vs. “predicted off track?”
At the end of each tracking semester (terms 1-5), the Universal Tracking monitor checks to see if you earned the required tracking GPA and took the required number of tracking courses for your particular tracking term. If you did not meet both course and grade requirements for that term, you will be declared off track. The Universal Tracking monitor checks your record again at the beginning of each tracking term to verify that you are registered for the appropriate number of tracking courses and if you have the required tracking GPA for your tracking term. If you are not registered for the appropriate courses or if your GPA is below what is required for your tracking term, you will be “predicted off track.” In both cases, you will receive a registration hold.
How many times can I be declared “off track?”
At the end of each tracking semester (terms 1-5), the Universal Tracking monitor checks to see if you earned the required tracking GPA and took the required number of tracking courses for your particular tracking term. If you did not meet both course and grade requirements for that term, you will be declared off track. The Universal Tracking monitor checks your record again at the beginning of each tracking term to verify that you are registered for the appropriate number of tracking courses and if you have the required tracking GPA for your tracking term. If you are not registered for the appropriate courses or if your GPA is below what is required for your tracking term, you will be “predicted off track.” In both cases, you will receive a registration hold.
If you are off track (and/or predicted off track) two semesters in a row and you are not back on track by the end of the second semester, you will be required to change your major to a non-business major. Students who are declared off track for the second time at the end of Spring (only) have until the end of Summer to get back on track. If they are not back on track by the end of Summer, they must change to a non-business major.
Tracking is not cumulative — if you are off track or predicted off track, get back on track, and then are off track (or predicted off track) again, you will only be considered off track for the first time.
It is possible to petition for a tracking extension if you can document an extenuating circumstance that was beyond your control (e.g., personal injury or illness, a natural disaster, death in the family). See an advisor in 333 Heavener Hall for more information.
Can I take tracking courses at another university, community, or state college?
UF students are strongly encouraged to complete their tracking courses at UF; however, you are able to take tracking courses at other schools. The grades you earn for tracking courses at other schools will be used to calculate your tracking GPA, although they will not factor into your UF GPA.
Can I retake a tracking course to boost my tracking GPA?
You cannot retake a tracking course to boost your tracking GPA if you have already earned a “C” or better in the course. If you earned a “C-“ or below, or if you earned credit for the course via AP/IB/AICE, you can retake the course. If you choose this option, both your original grade and your new grade will factor into your tracking GPA — the lower grade will not disappear because UF does not offer grade forgiveness.
If you retake a tracking course you earned credit for via AP/IB/AICE, you will not earn additional credit for the course, but the letter grade you earn will replace the “P” (Passing) grade you earned via AP/IB/AICE.
If I took a tracking course via dual enrollment in high school, will that course count toward my tracking requirements?
Yes. Tracking course(s) taken via dual enrollment (in Florida and possibly out-of-state) will fulfill business tracking requirements, and the grades you earned in these courses will factor into your tracking GPA (but not your UF GPA). Reminder: You cannot retake a tracking course to boost your tracking GPA (whether it was taken at UF or not) if you have earned a “C” or better in the course.
Drop/add and withdraw
Where do business majors go to drop or add a course?
To drop or add a course, business majors should submit a drop or add request through One.UF.
It is recommended to discuss how a drop will impact your academic standing.
How many drops do I have?
You have two drops available to you during your first 60 hours
taken at UF
(this does not include AP, IB, AICE, and dual enrollment credit). After earning 60 UF credits, you are eligible for two more drops. Unused drops do not carry over from the freshman/sophomore years to the junior/senior years.
How will a dropped course appear on my transcript? Will dropping a course reflect poorly on me?
If you drop a course during the drop/add period, it does not count as a drop and will not be reflected on your transcript. If you drop a course after the drop/add period, it will count as one of your two upper- or lower-division drops, and a letter grade of “W” (Withdrawal) will appear on your transcript. Generally, a few Ws on your transcript will not harm your academic record.
What happens if I drop a course and go below 12 credit hours?
If dropping a course will take you below 12 credit hours (or six hours in a Summer term), you should consult a financial aid advisor in S107 Criser to determine how the drop will affect your financial aid. Be aware that your eligibility for university athletic events, on-campus housing, and family health and automobile insurance may also be affected if you are registered for less than 12 hours.
If I drop a course, will I have to pay my Florida Bright Futures scholarship back?
Students on
Florida Bright Futures Scholarships
will have to repay tuition for dropped courses or withdrawals. Petitions can be made to the Student Petitions Committee.
What if I’ve used all of my drops and need to drop another course?
You can petition Warrington for additional drops if you can document an extenuating circumstance that was beyond your control (e.g., personal injury or illness, a natural disaster, death in the family).
Petition forms
are available on our website or at 333 Heavener Hall.
If I withdraw from an entire semester, will I use all of my “free” drops?
No. Withdrawing from an entire semester does not require the use of your two “free” lower- or upper-division drops. If you have not already used your free drops, they will be available to you when you return to the university.
How do I withdraw from an entire semester?
If you need to withdraw from an entire semester, review the
withdrawal policies
.
I’m a business major. Can I late add a course?
To late add a Warrington College of Business course, business majors must obtain permission from the instructor, electronic consent from the department that offers the course, and then the assistance of an advisor in 333 Heavener Hall to add the course.
To late add a non-business course, business majors must obtain permission from the instructor, electronic consent from the department that offers the course, and then the assistance of an advisor in 333 Heavener Hall to add the course.
I am not a business major. Can I late add a business course?
To late add a Warrington College of Business course, non-business majors must obtain consent from the professor who teaches the course, electronic consent from the department that offers the course, and then they must ask an advisor in their college to add the course.
Taking courses at another two- or four-year school
Can I take a course away from UF as a transient or non-degree-seeking student and be enrolled in the Internship Course, GEB 4941, during the same semester?
Although it is not permitted for students to dual enroll at UF and a non-UF institution at the same time (e.g., enrolling in any UF course while simultaneously enrolling at a community or state college), there is one exception. Students can take GEB 4941 internship credit concurrently while enrolling at a non-UF institution.
Example: Mark can enroll in GEB 4941 (one to four credits)
and
take ACG 2021 at Brevard Community College at the same time.
How do I transfer the credit I earned at another institution?
To earn credit for courses you took at another institution, you must submit a transcript request to that institution asking them to send your transcript to UF. Electronic transcripts are preferred, but you can also submit an official, unopened hard-copy transcript to the Registrar’s Office.
Reminder: If you take courses at another institution, state law requires you to provide UF with a transcript. Failure to do so can result in the rescission of your degree.
What if I want to take Universal Tracking courses at an out-of-state or private school, or what if I want to take tracking or other business core or major courses while I’m studying abroad?
If you want to take a tracking course from an out-of-state or private school, or if you want to take tracking, core, major, or area of specialization courses from an international school, you must determine if the course you wish to take is equivalent to the UF course.
First, see if there is an established
course equivalency
on file by looking up the school you plan to attend on our course equivalency database. If the course does not appear in the database, or if it does but the equivalency has expired, you must submit the appropriate course equivalency form and allied materials to 333 Heavener Hall. If the course is deemed equivalent by its corresponding UF department, it will count toward your degree.
Do I need to establish a course equivalency for a general education course taken out-of-state, at a private school, or through study abroad?
No. The Warrington College of Business does not require equivalencies for general education courses, but be sure to keep your syllabus in case there is any question as to whether the course qualifies as a composition, humanities, biological or physical science, or an international course.
If you wish to take courses at an out-of-state or private school, you must complete a hard copy transient form found on the
UF Registrar’s Forms webpage
and then follow the host institution’s guidelines for transient students. To earn course credit, you must ask the host school to forward your official transcript to UF.
Why was my FloridaShines application denied?
Below are the most common reasons an application is denied. If you have additional questions, please discuss them with an academic advisor.
Already completed a course with “C” or higher
— You have already completed this course with a “C” or better. You may not earn credit for a course already completed at UF with a “C” or better.
The course is currently in progress
— You are currently enrolled in this course this semester.
The course does not have a proper course equivalency
— The course you have requested to take is not one of our approved courses. Please see an academic advisor to discuss course equivalencies.
Enrolled at UF for the transient term
— You may not enroll in courses at UF and at another school in the same semester.
Not in the Warrington College of Business
— We cannot approve this application because you are not currently a student in the Warrington College of Business Administration.
Request is for an upper-division course
— Only Universal Tracking, general education courses, and university-wide electives may be taken at other institutions. You must take all upper-division required courses at UF.
Breaking 30-hour residency requirement
— You must take your last 30 credits uninterrupted and in residency at UF. Taking this course will interrupt your residency, and you will be required to complete an additional 30 credits after you complete this course. If you do not plan to complete an additional 30 credits after this course, you must petition Warrington to break your residency. If you still want to take the course, you may resubmit the form with comments indicating your understanding of the ramifications of this policy. Please see an advisor to discuss this in person if you have further questions.
Approved ACG 2021 but denied ACG 2071; ACG 2071 begins before ACG 2021 at select schools
— If your request has been approved to take ACG 2021 Summer A, we cannot approve ACG 2071 because it begins before ACG 2021 ends. You are welcome to submit another transient application for ACG 2071 at a school where it begins after ACG 2021 ends.
Maximum credit hours allowed to transfer
— Only a maximum of 60 credits from a state/community college can transfer. Once a student has earned 60 hours (including HSAA) at a community/state college with 60 credits transferring to UF, they will not be approved to take additional coursework at a community or state college.
My FloridaShines application was approved. What should I do now?
Your FloridaShines application has been approved. Please take note of the following. If you have additional questions regarding your application, please discuss them with an academic advisor.
You may not enroll at UF concurrently while taking this course.
Remember to send UF an official transcript when you finish the coursework. Additionally, be aware that tracking courses will factor into your business tracking GPA and not your UF GPA.
Please note that coursework from a community or state college in Florida
will not
count toward your Summer credit hour requirement.
Only
courses from public universities (not state colleges or community colleges) within Florida will count toward the nine-hour Summer requirement.
If your request to take ACG 2021 and ACG 2071 has been approved, please be aware that ACG 2021 is a prerequisite for ACG 2071 and must be completed
before
beginning ACG 2071. Additionally, be aware that tracking courses will factor into your business tracking GPA.
If you have been approved to take ACG 2001 and ACG 2011 at an institution, you must take both ACG 2001 and 2011 to earn credit for UF’s ACG 2021 course.
Your request to take one or more general education courses has been approved. General education courses are approved but are not guaranteed to fulfill your remaining requirements.
It is your responsibility to ensure that you have selected courses that appear to have equivalents at UF,
so that they may fulfill your general education requirements. All general education courses taken away from UF are subject to evaluation regarding their equivalency.
Dual degrees
How soon can I apply?
Students must first complete all business tracking courses and earn a 3.00 GPA in their business courses. After reaching 45 UF credit hours students, are eligible to apply for a dual degree.
When can start taking courses for my dual degree?
Although students cannot officially apply for a dual degree until all seven business tracking courses are complete, students can start taking business courses or secondary major tracking courses as early as their freshmen year.
Students are expected to work on both degrees simultaneously, regardless of which semester the dual degree is started. As a general rule, students must complete the requirements for both degrees in the same semester (i.e., students cannot graduate with one degree while pursuing a secondary degree).