URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/current-students/undergraduate/career-services
TITLE: Career Services — Undergraduates | UF Warrington

Undergraduate business career services
The strategy for your success
Rising startup founder. Master investments manager. Award-winning marketer. These distinctions definitely wow at a glance, but behind every major achievement is a job search strategy that involves speaking to the right people, growing your skills, and identifying who you are as a leader.
You’ll do all of that through Business Career Services, the University of Florida Warrington College of Business’ dedicated career development office. In conjunction with your degree’s career readiness requirement, you’ll create a custom plan that takes you from interest to internships and a full-time job offer.
About Business Career Services
You’ve got highly personal career goals, so why settle for impersonal, run-of-the-mill advice? Business Career Services empowers your early stages — when you might not know what you want to do or how to get where you want to be — to enhance your education’s return on investment.
Career consulting
Our team brings over 80 years from the private sector, plus more than 50 years from academia. Taking a more customized approach, we listen to your aspirations and point you toward all the people and resources to make them a reality.
Maintaining connections
Our office facilitates recruiting efforts for Warrington’s partners. For students, our relationships increase the contact these companies have with you, be it through sponsored projects, competitions, or on-campus office hours.
Not just a resource
We strive to transform every Warrington undergraduate into a strong, marketable job candidate who knows how to promote themselves now, impress interviewers, and forge connections throughout their careers.
Warrington Career Expo
February 2, 2026
Want to explore top companies, meet recruiters face-to-face, and take the next step in your career? The Warrington Career Expo is your chance to land your dream internship or full-time job!
Where:
Evans Champions Club, Ben Hill Griffin Stadium
When:
Monday, February 2nd | 10:00 AM – 4:00 PM
Register in HIREWarrington
Our services
We say that, as a Warrington student, you’ll find a job in line with your strengths that positions you to soar up the career ladder, gathering accolades along the way. Here’s how you’ll get there.
Career coaching
At Warrington, you’ll never be alone in your job search. From exploring internships to receiving your first full-time offer, there’s always a Career Coach to talk tactics, practice your presentation, and review the fine print.
Schedule an appointment with a career coach at
HIREWarrington.
Career and Peer Mentors
With completed internships and job assignments behind them, Career And Peer Mentors show you the ropes as you search for your first assignment and navigate the workplace.
Meet your mentor
HIREWarrington
Use our dedicated job board to research partnering companies, apply for internships, sign up for events, and see your future unfold one click at a time.
Browse all employers and openings
Events and recruitment
Learn about career paths related to your studies, all while speaking to companies that regularly recruit through Warrington. Our schedule of events includes the Warrington Career Symposium, our Career Expo, and our Career BBQ.
Internships
Gain first hand exposure to the inner workings of the business world, practice all you’ve learned, contribute to strategies and make connections that help you secure a full-time job.
Upcoming events
No posts found.
More events
Contact your Career Coach
Career Coaches by major and academic year
Freshmen and Sophomores
Marketing, Management, Finance, Online Business Admin, Information Systems –
Clark Futch
, Career Coach
Marketing, Management, Finance, Online Business Admin, Information Systems –
Destiny Lumpkin
, Career Coach
Marketing, Management, Finance, Online Business Admin, Information Systems –
Danielle Neeld
, Career Coach
Accounting –
Tara Routie
, Assistant Director
Consulting –
Debra Marcum
, Director
Juniors and Seniors
Finance, Accounting, Online Business Admin –
Tara Routie
, Assistant Director
Marketing, Management, Online Business Admin, Information Systems –
Arlette Perez
, Assistant Director
General Studies, Online Business Admin –
David Adams
, Associate Director
Consulting –
Debra Marcum
, Director
Sign in to HIREWarrington
to schedule your appointment.
How to find business internships
Turn to more senior students, plus Warrington’s dedicated
Business Career Services
office, to navigate this process. Also make sure to divide your time between your search and preparation: polishing your résumé and practicing your interview skills increases your chances of securing a prime assignment.
Seek guidance
Where can you browse internship postings? What’s the best way to reach out to recruiters and express your interest? Contact a
Career And Peer (CAP) Mentor
or
Career Coach
for tips to structure your search.
Create a HIREWarrington profile
Establish your profile on
HIREWarrington
for exclusive business student internships and full-time positions.
Know your options
Students will complete their internship over the Summer, Fall, or Spring semesters. You can also build an internship into your study abroad experience, which helps you develop the skills necessary to compete in today’s globalized marketplace.
Narrow your search
Research companies you would like to work for and how they select their interns. Go to an employer’s information session or on-campus office hours to meet with recruiters. Or get involved with business student organizations that host internship recruiters.
Prep for your interview
Interview on the spot with internship recruiters at Career Showcase, or practice with a
CAP Mentor
ahead of a one-on-one appointment.
Time your internship
Consider interning during the Fall or Spring semester. These placements are less competitive than Summer internships.
Enroll in an internship course
If you’re completing an internship for academic credit, you
must
enroll in the corresponding internship course during the same semester. This course is required to earn credit and fulfill your degree requirements.
Additional job search resources
The University of Florida and Warrington’s resources equip you to look local or extend your search across the globe.
Gator CareerLink
Handshake
Firsthand/Evisors
EFMD Global Career Service
Careernomics
LinkedIn
LinkedIn Student
Vault
Glassdoor
Indeed
ZipRecruiter
Student Code of Ethics
Students are expected to adhere to Business Career Services’ Student Code of Ethics. This policy has been developed in conjunction with the Code of Ethics of the National Association of Colleges and Employers so you understand what is expected of you and your career development during your time in the Warrington College of Business. It is expected that you will adhere to this Code of Ethics and all its requirements or risk losing some or all of the privileges provided by Business Career Services.
Part 1: Student commitment
Career Development is an integral component of your business education at the Warrington College of Business. BCS looks forward to assisting you in achieving your career goals upon graduation. We continuously strive to improve our coaching, programming, and recruiting activities with the goal of increasing the value and reputation of your degree. If you take advantage of our wide array of services, you will graduate a stronger and more marketable job candidate than when you arrived.
As a Warrington student, you are expected to be the ultimate manager of your overall career development while in the program. Accordingly, you must dedicate adequate time and attention to your internship and job search to maximize the value of your interactions with BCS team members and employers. In addition, you are expected to abide by the following tenants of our Code of Ethics:
Acceptance (even verbal acceptance) of an offer for employment commits me to that offer. I agree to stop interviewing for other positions and add my accepted offer details to my HIREWarrington profile. I also agree to notify all other employers with whom I have interviewed to inform them that I am no longer available for consideration. It is grossly unprofessional behavior to revoke an offer acceptance (“renege” on an offer). This behavior reflects poorly on the individual, the Warrington College of Business and the University of Florida.
I agree to interview for jobs and internships only when there is a genuine interest in working for the company. “Practice” interviews are not fair to other candidates or corporate recruiters and damage the reputation of BCS and the Warrington College of Business.
I will register on HIREWarrington, attend and be on time for any BCS events, including on-campus or virtual recruiting activities and interviews with employers. If I cannot attend, I will cancel my registration/interview in HIREWarrington and notify BCS by email.
I will provide BCS and all corporate recruiters with accurate information about my academic credentials, work experience, and career areas of interest on my resume, in HIREWarrington and in any digital or in-person conversation.
I agree to report all internship and full-time employment offers to BCS in HIREWarrington in a timely manner. (All information provided is strictly confidential and is used anonymously in aggregate for reporting/data analysis.)
I agree to arrive on time and well prepared for all scheduled interviews, and I will represent my degree program in a professional manner when interacting with recruiters and the business community at large (e.g., during information sessions, career fairs, or global immersion trips).
I certify that all information I provide to BCS, employers and/or HIREWarrington is correct. I understand that it is my responsibility to keep this information accurate and current. Any mistake or intentional erroneous information is looked upon unfavorably by employers and may result in the cancellation or withdrawal of an interview or job/internship offer. Intentional falsification of information will result in suspension of all BCS privileges including further interviews.
In addition, I understand that there are consequences associated with violating this Code of Ethics, including, but not necessarily limited to the following:
Terminated access to services provided by the BCS office (including access to HIREWarrington)
Ineligibility for BCS Honor Cords/Awards Notification of the Warrington Dean’s office, which could result in further punitive action, including removal from student leadership positions.
Ineligibility for selection as a BCS Career & Peer Mentor (CAP)
Ineligibility for selection as a Warrington Diplomat
Exclusion from Warrington College of Business marketing campaigns, student spotlights, or special story features.
I understand that if I have a disability or require an accommodation, BCS will, upon my request, provide assistance in using our services and materials.
Part 2: BCS commitment
It is equally important that BCS be committed to supporting our students’ career development. During the course of your Warrington College of Business Program, BCS is committed to, and will be accountable for, delivering the following programs and services:
Providing customized career consulting services for each student who is focused and engaged towards his/her career development and who adheres to our “Code of Ethics.”
Continuously expanding corporate development through direct outreach with corporate recruiters, hiring managers, Warrington College of Business alumni and other corporate executives to increase the number of career opportunities afforded to our students (e.g., job postings, information sessions, career fair attendance).
Granting access to all qualified students to HIREWarrington and other career-related software resources.
Facilitating networking opportunities for students (e.g., alumni mixers, corporate information sessions, informational interviews).
Planning and directing special career-related programming (e.g., workshops, career fairs, Warrington Career Week, BCS Professional Development Day, etc.).
Consistently communicating with students regarding job postings and other career-related items (e.g., regular email communication, digital/physical signage, HIREWarrington event postings).
Access to career-related information in the BCS library of information / presentations or through third-party tools that are linked through BCS.
The overall commitment to continuously improve upon our programs and services in an effort to exceed the expectations of our students, corporate partners, faculty and staff, and remain a top-rated career services office.
Frequently asked questions
What is the difference between Business Career Services and Career Connections Center? Can I still use the Career Connections Center?
Business Career Services is reserved for Warrington students, while the
Career Connections Center
is a resource open to all UF students, we encourage you to use all resources available to you at the University of Florida.
I am a business minor; can I utilize Business Career Services?
Business Career Services is offered to those students who hold a major within the Warrington College of Business. If this is not you, UF’s
Career Connections Center
can help!
Do you have drop-in hours?
The CAP office has drop-in hours. They are Mon-Thurs, 10:40 a.m.-5:00 p.m. Visit the
CAP Mentors page for more information
.
What constitutes an emergency, e.g., I need to meet with someone now?
If you have an offer of employment for a job or internship that expires today, or if you feel you may have received a fraudulent offer, call our office at
352-273-4950
to see what appointments may be available.
How do I make an appointment?
Great question!
Sign in to HIREWarrington
. If you have not created an account, please sign up for one.
To make an appointment, click on “appointments” on the left-hand side of the page and select your appropriate advisor or Career and Peer Mentor. “View available slots” and select a time.
Click “My Calendar” (left-hand side of the page) and select your appointment date/time and click on “View Appointment Details” for more details on the appointment and for the option to cancel it.
Appointments can be cancelled by no later than 4 hours prior to appointment time. If it is less than four hours, you should email  your Career Coach/ Career and Peer Mentor directly.
Students can set their desired scheduling criteria, and the refined results will be shown based on the filters. Under the date, select the appropriate Career Coach associated with your major or academic program (and first letter of your last name, if applicable) next to the available time you wish to request an appointment. Choose that time.
A confirmation window will appear for you to review the appointment details, along with any additional comments you wish to share with your Career Coach prior to your appointment. Please confirm your appointment request.
Once your career coaching appointment has been approved, you will receive a confirmation email with the date and time of your appointment. Please note: If you wish to cancel your appointment, you must do so 24 hours in advance.
What topics can I discuss during my appointment?
Our team is happy to help you create a job or internship search strategy, as well as provide feedback on résumés, cover letters, and other professional communication. We also offer mock interview services. Basically, if it is related to your internship or job search, we can help you!
Can I make an appointment with someone who is not assigned to me?
If you have a pre-existing relationship, then yes! If you are new to us, please see your Business Career Coach.
Should I still see a CAP Mentor?
Yes, Career and Peer (CAP) Mentors are trained upperclassmen who’ve landed internships and jobs across a range of industries. They can help with resumes, mock interviews, LinkedIn tips, and more. Find more information on
Career and Peer Mentors here.
Is this where I can discuss internship or job offers?
Yes, please! It is recommended that you speak to a Career Coach before accepting or rejecting any offer of employment. We know a thing or two about the market and can help you best understand all of the facets of the offer.
How do I practice interviewing?
Stand in front of the mirror and tell yourself it is not as scary as it seems. Or, make an appointment with a
CAP Mentor
or Career Coach, and they will conduct a mock interview with you.
What are employers going to ask me?
All sorts of things! We recommend checking out our resources in the Career Media Library for tips on interviewing and what the interviewer might ask you.
Where can I get a professional photo taken?
Glamour shots are offered by the Gator Career Closet in the Career Connections Center. Visit their website to sign up for an appointment. Check it out — they are free!
Contact Business Career Services
Business Career Services
Warrington College of Business
Hough Hall 350
1404 Union Dr
Email BCS
352-273-4950
Monday – Friday, 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.
Meet our team
VMock