URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/current-students/undergraduate/international-study
TITLE: Undergraduate International Study - UF Warrington College of Business

Heavener international study abroad and exchange programs
Explore the world and shape your future
As business shifts to an interconnected, global economy, the University of Florida Warrington College of Business opens the door and encourages you to explore it for a first-hand, personalized perspective you’ll take with you into the workplace.
Let your knowledge and interests steer your journey: Point your compass overseas for one of our study abroad programs, or come to Warrington as an exchange student to learn business at one of the country’s top schools.
No matter your interest, there are options for international study at your fingertips. From structured programs to international internships, the college’s Heavener International Programs have affordable options for every student. A global business mindset isn’t just nice to have — it’s essential and a differentiator for your résumé.
Why study abroad?
Each country has its own business dialect. Study abroad trips sharpen your fluency to help you strike up lasting connections with co-workers, contractors, clients, and customers in different time zones and markets.
A global perspective of business
Context is everything in business. Studying abroad — in a new city, with new classmates — shows you just how variable many theories and concepts can be.
Challenge yourself
In your career, you’ll encounter many problems without a clear solution. Navigating a new country requires you to adapt quickly, find opportunity among ambiguity, and remain unfettered in unfamiliar situations.
Keep building your resume, network, and visibility
From classrooms to corporate offices, every new face becomes a potential connection. Likewise, all new experiences become prime and more personal talking points for job interviews and as an
ambassador around campus
.
Career readiness
Experience puts your knowledge into perspective, lengthens your résumé, and ignites your career. For these reasons, Warrington requires all on-campus BSBA and BABA students to complete an internship or study abroad trip. Roughly half of all students spend some time overseas.
Which program is right for me?
Business students have the option of studying abroad on a Heavener study abroad or exchange program.
Study abroad programs
Benefits
Offered in 7 different countries
Live and study with other UF students
Courses taught in English
Language, culture, and business courses offered through international partners
Take select online UF business courses
Internships available in London and Dublin.
Package program (activities, transport, housing)
More affordable than comparable programs
Offered Fall, Spring, and Summer semesters
Eligibility
Students must have a minimum
2.5 UF GPA
and be in good standing.
Students must have completed two full semesters at UF by program start.
Students should avoid studying abroad in their final semester.
By the application deadline, students must have a
passport
that is valid through at least six months after program end date.
All majors considered (preference for business majors).
Exchange programs
Benefits
Placements at 27 partner universities across the world
Independent experience – live with other exchange students or local students
Courses taught in English
Take required coursework at international universities
Enhance your major with discipline-specific courses that may not be offered at UF
Get involved in a variety of student groups and activities
Support services are primarily provided through the host university
Typically the least expensive type of study abroad program for in-state students
Available Fall and Spring semesters
Eligibility
Students must have a minimum
3.0 UF GPA
and be in good standing.
Students must have completed two full semesters at UF by program start.
Students should avoid studying abroad in their final semester.
By the application deadline, students must have a
passport
that is valid through at least six months after program end date.
All majors are eligible, but business students receive priority.
Applying for an international program
Step 1:
Start the online application through your desired program’s page.
Step 2:
Researched your program and meet with an International Programs Student Ambassador or attend an info session.
Step 3:
Submit a color scan copy of your passport to the
International Programs Passport Portal.
Passport must be signed, and expiration date must be valid at least 6 months after the program end date.
Step 4:
Meet with a Heavener Study Abroad advisor to complete your Academic Advising Form.
Review course offerings prior to meeting with an International Programs academic advisor.
If you’re interested in exchange programs, please review the
Heavener Course Equivalencies Database
for approved courses related to your desired program.
Call the International Programs Office at 352-273-0151 to book an advising appointment.
Step 5:
Complete the online application by submitting the following:
Submit your Academic Advising Form via
UFIC’s contact form
.
Pay the non-refundable deposit via the online application.
Submitting deposit does not guarantee program placement. Applications are processed on a rolling basis. Spots are first come first served to students with
completed applications
. Programs may close early, if capacity is reached.
How to apply to an international program
Submit the following before the application deadline to be considered for your respective program:
Eligibility
Students must have a minimum
2.5 UF GPA
and be in good standing.
Students must have completed two full semesters at UF by the program’s start.
Students should avoid studying abroad in their final semester.
By the application deadline, students must have a
passport
that is valid through at least six months after the program’s end date.
All majors are eligible.
Application
The University of Florida International Center oversees all international programming at the University of Florida. All students must register with UFIC and complete the associated application requirements for their study abroad program. The Warrington International Programs office works extensively with UFIC to provide students with study abroad advising, visa assistance, orientation information, transcript processing, and more.
Deadlines
Fall deadline: April 5
Spring deadline: October 1
Summer deadline: February 14
Application process
You must submit the following before the deadline for your application to be considered complete:
Step 1:
Confirm that you have sufficiently researched your program by meeting with an International Programs Student Ambassador (IPSA) or attending an info session.
Step 2:
Open the online application for your desired program.
Step 3:
Meet with an International Programs Academic Advisor to complete the Academic Advising Form (AAF). Call 352.273.0151 to set up an appointment.
Review course offerings before meeting with an IP Academic Advisor.
During this appointment, the Academic Advising Form will be filled out, where you will make preliminary course selections. If time permits, the Budget Worksheet will be discussed. You may wish to set up an additional appointment to go over the Budget Worksheet further, if needed.
You will need to acquire approval on the Academic Advising Form from the Innovation Academy if you are an Innovation Academy student.
You will need to acquire approval on the Academic Advising Form from additional departments and/or your college if you are a non-business major and/or plan to utilize the academic coursework you are taking abroad toward a non-business major and/or minor.
Step 4:
Complete the application by submitting the following:
Academic Advising Form is
emailed to UFIC
.
Your résumé (for select programs):
The résumé should be uploaded in the corresponding questionnaire in the online application.
The document can be resubmitted if you need to make further edits
(
see below).
For résumé resources, you may
email International Programs
. For résumé assistance, business students may meet with a
Career and Peer Mentor
, and non-business students may meet with the
Career Connections Center
.
For students looking to add to their résumés,
Forage
and
LinkedIn Learning
are good options.
Ensure all Questionnaires and Signature Documents are complete on the online application.
Pay a $395-$425 non-refundable deposit via the online application.
Submitting the deposit does not guarantee program placement nor does it retain your spot — please complete this step last.
At this stage, your application will be reviewed by the Warrington International Programs office and the UF International Center.
Note that reviews may not happen immediately.
They are done in batches on a rolling basis, typically beginning about two months before the application deadline and continuing biweekly thereafter. If your application is approved, you will have additional tasks to complete prior to departure (see below).
Please note that prior to application, students must have a current passport that does not expire within six months of the program’s end date.
Costs, funding, and scholarships
UF students have many study abroad programs to choose from, differing in location, length of stay, and sponsoring school. Consequently, the cost of each study abroad experience is highly variable, depending on the specific program and spending habits of the student.
In general, UF programs are cheaper than third-party providers, who often provide more travel services. Shorter programs have a lower end cost than semester programs, but they typically have a higher cost per day. Exchange programs are often the cheapest cost per day since students pay UF tuition.
Projected budgets are available for each program on the University of Florida International Center website. The “Budget Sheet” will appear on each program’s page.
The following answers address common questions about study abroad costs and funding:
Do financial aid/Bright Futures/Pre-Paid Scholarships apply to study abroad costs?
Yes. Financial aid, Bright Futures, and Pre-Paid Scholarships do count toward the tuition costs of the program. Pre-Paid Scholarship monies can also be applied to housing costs and other program expenses.
Are there study abroad scholarships?
Yes. Scholarships are available through the Warrington College of Business, the University of Florida International Center, and the Federal Government. Please visit our
undergraduate cost and aid page
for a listing of available funding. Scholarship application deadlines are due well in advance of the program dates. Warrington scholarship applications, for instance, are typically due March 1 (Fall/Summer) and October 1 (Spring), but scholarship deadlines vary.
Consider applying for:
A
Warrington College of Business scholarship
A
UFIC scholarship
Outside scholarships
A Benjamin A. Gilman International Scholarship
(if you receive a Pell Grant)
Research other scholarship opportunities; the list above is not comprehensive.
Please note that scholarships have varying requirements, deadlines, and notification dates.
Can students take out loans to assist with study abroad financing?
Yes. There are several financial providers that offer low-interest loans specifically for studying abroad. If interested in one of these loans, it is suggested that the student print the budget sheet, available on the University of Florida International Center website, and visit the Office of Student Financial Aid and Scholarships in Criser Hall for a consultation.
When do students become financially obligated?
For Heavener sponsored programs, students become financially obligated upon the liability deadline which is generally ~30 days after the application deadline but varies per semester. Considerations may be made for extenuating circumstances but will require a petition process. Financial obligation for Warrington exchange programs vary and will be determined by the academic calendar for UF and the partner institution.
When is payment due?
To reserve a placement in a study abroad program, an application fee of $395-$425 is paid to the University of Florida International Center. Full payment for our programs is due 30 days before the program commences. Other programs have different payment schedules, but all programs will require a non-refundable deposit to apply.
Please note: Billing and program payments are handled through the UF International Center. Learn more about
deposits (non-refundable), program fees, and the billing and payment timeline
. Students should submit a
Deferment Request Form
as needed. Out of state students will pay the same program fee as Florida residents for Heavener sponsored programs. For Warrington exchange programs, the tuition amount paid per credit will be determined by residency.
How much spending money is needed?
The amount of spending money needed depends on which expenses are covered by the program and which are not. The amount of spending money also depends largely on the lifestyle of the student. Here are some additional tips regarding finances:
Prior to departure, create a budget separating living expenses from general spending money. You can refer to the University of Florida International Center budget sheet for the program.
Develop a financial plan that addresses everyday and emergency needs.
You should have at least two financial instruments to pay for expenses abroad — for example, a debit card and a credit card.
In addition to the program fee, which is billed by UFIC and due before the program begins, students can also expect to incur the following out-of-pocket incidentals at various stages before or during the program:
Pre-departure
Passport (if needed): $165
$225 if Expedited Service
Flight: $600-$2,000
Textbooks/supplies: $100-$350
Visa: $550 (for select programs)
$850-$2,400 if priority/premium service
Note: These services may not be available, so it is crucial that students stick to the partnering school’s suggested visa application timeline.
There may be unexpected costs associated with the visa application process, such as needing to rebook flights, if the student does not follow the suggested visa application timeline and/or if there are other delays outside of Warrington and our partner’s control.
During program (in-country):
Phone: $15-$50/month
Meals: $250-$1,100/month
Other personal expenses: $100-$1,200/month
E.g., shopping, leisure, travel, etc.
The above figures are general estimates. All incidentals will vary between students depending on circumstances and preferences. Students are strongly encouraged to devise a budget for meals and other personal expenses in-country.
How do students get foreign currency?
When obtaining foreign currency or paying for items abroad, keep the following tips in mind:
Students should inform their bank and/or credit card company that they will be leaving the country. Often, banks will suspect fraud when a card is used in a different country and freeze the account.
ATM/MAC machines will offer the most advantageous exchange rates.
Make sure the ATM card is part of an international network.
Visa and Mastercard are usually accepted at shops and restaurants. It is highly recommended that students bring a credit card with them in case of an emergency. These cards are also a good method of payment at grocery stores and department stores.
We do not recommend changing money through exchange bureaus, as they typically have the highest conversion fees.
We do not recommend using travelers’ checks, as few businesses accept them and banks may charge significant fees to cash them.
Students should make a list of all credit and ATM cards that will be used, along with the telephone number to call in the event of a loss. It is important to record the long-distance telephone number, as 800 numbers do not work when calling from abroad. One list should be kept with the student and the other should be kept with friends and family at home.
Advising and pre-departure preparations
In addition to regular advising during the application process, Warrington International Programs hosts a series of sessions for program participants that are designed to offer support and manage student expectations:
First meeting:
Typically held within a week of the study abroad application deadline, students meet others in the participant cohort and begin networking. Cultural resources are reviewed, and further pre-departure tasks are clarified.
Pre-departure session:
Typically held two weeks prior to the end of UF classes the preceding semester, and final preparations (e.g., packing, finances, phones, etc.) are reviewed. Arrival information, daily life, health and safety, and more are also addressed.
Exact session dates and times are provided upon formal acceptance into the program. Students also complete an online Pre-Departure Module designed and overseen by the UF International Center. Additionally, they will receive regular communication from Heavener International Programs and FIE each step of the way. Lastly, students are provided with a Warrington International Program Pre-Departure Guide approximately two to four weeks before departure. Please
email us
if you would like to see samples of any pre-departure materials.
Heavener study abroad programs
Immerse yourself in business and culture through custom study abroad experiences. Combining coursework, professional development, and cultural excursions, you’ll gain valuable skills, connections, and insight with fellow business students across Europe and Asia.
UF in Dublin
Offered Fall, Spring and Summer.
Internship guaranteed.
UF in Europe
Offered in Fall.
UF in London
Offered Fall, Spring and Summer.
Internship guaranteed.
UF in Japan
Offered in Summer B.
Business Case Consulting Experience.
UF in Madrid
Offered Fall, Spring and Summer.
UF in Madrid – Emerging Leadership
Offered in Spring.
Includes spring break study abroad trip.
UF in Paris
Offered in Spring and Summer.
UF in Rome
Offered in Spring and Summer.
UF in South Korea
Offered in Summer A.
Internship guaranteed.
Exchange programs
You’ll study abroad while paying UF tuition, earning credit toward your degree, and experiencing life as a student in another country. You can choose from a network of prestigious partner universities around the world to gain global experience.
Aalto University
– Helsinki, Finland
Aarhus BSS
– Aarhus, Denmark
Aston Business School
– Birmingham, England
BI Norwegian Business School
– Oslo, Norway
Bocconi University
– Milan, Italy
Carlos III de Madrid
– Madrid, Spain
Católica Lisbon
– Lisbon, Portugal
Chulalongkorn University
– Bangkok, Thailand
ESCI – Universitat Pompeu Fabra
– Barcelona, Spain
Grenoble Ecole de Management
– Grenoble, France
Hochschule Osnabrück
– Osnabrück, Germany
Korea University Business Schoo
l – Seoul, South Korea
National Chengchi University
– Taipei, Taiwan, Republic of China
Sabanci University
– Istanbul, Turkey
Singapore Management University
– Bras Basah.Bugis District
SKEMA Business School
– Sophia Antipolis, France
Universidad Adolfo Ibanez
– Viña del Mar & Santiago, Chile
Universidad de Navarra
– Pamplona, Spain
Universidad del Pacifico
– Lima, Peru
Universiteit Maastricht
– Maastricht, Netherlands
University of Manchester
– Manchester, England
University of New South Wales
– Sydney, Australia
WHU – Otto Beisheim School of Management
– Vallendar, Germany (near Koblenz)
WU – Vienna University of Economics and Business
– Vienna, Austria
International internships
Put your business skills into practice in an international setting. Our internship opportunities in cities like Dublin, London, and Seoul give you hands-on work experience, professional connections, and a competitive edge in the global job market.
Affiliate internship opportunities
UF in Dublin
UF in London
UF in South Korea
Hochschul Osnabruck
Korea University Business School
University of New South Wales
Non-affiliate/independent internships
All credit associated with international travel must be approved by the University of Florida International Center.
Obtain an “Employer Verification Letter” from the prospective company with the dates of the internship, expected work hours, anticipated responsibilities, and supervisor contact info (email, phone, address) on the company letterhead.
Submit the
Independent International Internship Request Form
. The Heavener International Programs Office will reply with the approved Academic Advising Form.
Sign and date your Academic Advising Form and submit via
UFIC’s contact form
. UFIC will set up your online application.
Complete the UFIC online application and pay the application fee.
Apply for the
GEB 4941 Internship Course
after your UFIC application is approved.
Incoming exchange students
Welcome to Gainesville! Heavener International Programs provides incoming exchange students with the resources, advising, and support needed to thrive at the University of Florida’s Warrington College of Business.
About
Please consult the following links to learn more about the University of Florida and the Business Exchange program in the Heavener School of Business.
University of Florida International Center
University of Florida
Virtual campus tour
About Gainesville
Critical dates
Housing
Cost of attendance
Application
You may apply for the exchange program if you attend a business
partner school
and receive a nomination from your home university. The international office at the home university should send
nominations directly through the UF International Center
.
Nominated students should complete the online
UFIC exchange application
by the posted deadlines. Course registration cannot begin until all application documents have been submitted and all university holds have been removed.
Academics
Courses offered
Contact your international academic advisor to review the courses you should take.
Business course syllabi
Schedule of Courses
(all UF courses)
This page contains all courses offered by the University of Florida, many of which may not be available to undergraduate business students. Specific course schedules for incoming exchange students are released in April (Fall semester) and October (Spring semester).
Business core courses – Electronic Platform
All undergraduate exchange business students should plan on taking at least one of the business core courses. These courses are taught via Electronic Platform, which allows students to attend lectures and view past lectures online.
Credit hours
Undergraduate exchange students must take a minimum of 12 credit hours and can take up to 18 credit hours. The average course load at UF is 12-16 credit hours. Credit hours represent the amount of hours spent in class each week. Students should expect to spend an average of 1-2 hours outside the classroom for every credit hour enrolled.
Recommended Undergraduate Student Schedule
4 credits: Core course
4 credits: Business elective #1
4 credits: Business elective #2
3 credits: Elective taught by other UF colleges
Registration overview
Exchange students are
not
able to register themselves for courses which have a pre-requisite. To be registered, students must complete all application requirements and submit an online course request form. Students are encouraged to submit their course request and complete application requirements as early as possible so they can get their top choices.
Please review the
course registration instructions
.
Course eligibility
Exchange students from
business partner schools
have access to all business courses,
but seats are not guaranteed in any courses
. Pre-requisites are enforced for some courses but not for all. Exchange students from non-business partner schools may enroll in business elective courses at the start of the semester if space is available. Due to space restrictions, seats may not be available in many business courses at this time.
How to request business courses at UF
Business exchange students and exchange students wishing to take business courses should complete the
online business course request form
as early as possible so the college can reserve seats accordingly.
Add/drop period
Students can modify their schedule during the first week of classes. This provides students with the opportunity to meet the instructor and review the syllabus. Although classes can be added through the end of the first week, many classes will not have seats available at this time.
Registration instructions
Courses at the University of Florida fill up quickly, so students are encouraged to complete course registration requirements as early as possible. The Heavener International Programs office will register exchange students for courses in the order applications are completed and send each exchange student a tentative course schedule prior to the start of term. Please pay close attention to the course registration requirements, as
one hold will prevent registration
.
Course registration requirements:
Submit
Online Course Request Form
.
Find
business course availability
and
syllabi
.
Submit all required
immunization and insurance documents
Course registration cannot begin until all immunization and insurance holds are cleared. Submit these forms as soon as possible and ensure documentation conforms to the guidelines.
Email Health Compliance
at the UF Student Health Care Center or call (352) 294-2925 for questions about insurance or immunizations. Students will not be contacted if forms are completed incorrectly.
Create GatorLink account
.
Create a GatorLink account through the
UF Computing Help Desk
.
Students must enter their UFID, your last (family) name, and your date of birth. In the U.S. always list month (mm) before day (dd).
Contact the
UF Computing Help Desk
or call (352) 392-HELP to resolve any issue.
Complete
emergency contact information
.
The emergency contact information can be updated via
One.UF
.
Navigate to “Student Self Service”.
On the left menu under “My Record,” select “Update Emergency Contact Info”.
Login with the GatorLink credentials
Complete the emergency contact information form and submit.
Complete
local address information
.
The local address information can be updated via
One.UF
.
Navigate to “Student Self Service”.
On the left menu under “My Record,” select “Holds”.
Login with the GatorLink credentials
Submit local home data using address line 3 (country, city, state & zip code).
Complete
registration acknowledgement
.
The registration acknowledgement can be updated via
One.UF
.
Navigate to “Student Self Service”.
On the left menu, select “Registration Preparation”.
Login with the GatorLink credentials.
Follow the instructions to complete the form and submit.
Complete mandatory health insurance acknowledgement
.
By completing this step, you are acknowledging that you will be automatically registered and financially responsible for a UF insurance policy if you have not provided evidence of another accepted policy by a certain date.
The acknowledgement can be updated via
One.UF
.
Navigate to “Student Self Service”.
On the left menu under “My Record,” click “Holds”.
Select the “Health Insurance Acknowledgement” hold.
Login with the GatorLink credentials.
Carefully read the policies and confirm your understanding of them.
Check your holds
.
Orientation
Mandatory Business Orientations
Students should arrive a few days before the term begins to finalize housing, take care of technology and administrative needs, become familiar with the UF campus, and attend mandatory orientations. Students are required to check in with the UF International Center as soon as they arrive in Gainesville so visa requirements can be verified. Students should verify housing check-in dates with their housing provider.
Students taking business courses at UF are
required to attend both the Warrington orientation and the UF International Center Orientation
.
Please refer to the
Exchange Visitor Services on the UF International Center website
and communications for specific dates and times for the UFIC Orientation.
Note:
Students who don’t attend both orientations will be withdrawn from their academic courses unless other arrangements have been made in advance. If special circumstances prevent attendance at the mandatory orientations, students should seek permission for late arrival from the
College of Business
. Students may be permitted to arrive after the orientation in certain instances.
Students will not be allowed to arrive after the first week of classes under any circumstances.
Getting connected
Global Gathering
In the third week of each semester, the College holds an event to welcome incoming exchange students. Students introduce themselves and their home universities to UF students and enjoy a pizza party together.
Global Business Society
The Global Business Society is a group of business students who welcome incoming exchange students to the college through events and activities. Each incoming exchange student will be matched with a UF student (Gator Guide) prior to their arrival to help them navigate campus and university life.
UF Navigators International
The UF Navigators pair incoming exchange students with UF students and organize several trips outside of Gainesville, including a weekend in Orlando visiting the theme parks, a trip to the beach, and other weekend events.
Study abroad ambassadors
Learn from our study abroad ambassadors, who are student leaders that provide guidance, support, and firsthand perspectives to help students navigate and make the most of their international experiences.
International Programs Student Ambassadors
International Programs Student Ambassadors
are undergraduates who have studied abroad and now wish to inform, encourage and inspire their peers to have their own memorable experience abroad.
Global Business Society
Promoting awareness of international affairs and the global economy around our campus, the
Global Business Society
welcomes exchange students to the Warrington community.
Frequently asked questions about studying abroad
How can I get my internship credit approved on my degree audit?
Heavener Study Abroad academic advisors assist with updating your degree audit once your internship credit is eligible. To receive internship credit for a study abroad program, your study abroad transcript must first be processed, a process that can take three or more months the program end date.
Once your study abroad transcript is visible in your One.UF account, submit an
Internship Credit Approval Form
.
If you have questions about transcript processing times, contact the
International Programs office
.
How can I get credit for a non-Heavener study abroad program?
To receive credit for non-Heavener program or to have your non-Heavener academic advising form signed, complete the
Non-HSB Academic Advising Form Request
.
Why does the university require students to have medical insurance abroad?
Student insurance packages are designed to protect the student from unforeseeable health circumstances while abroad. The medical benefits provide coverage for doctor visits, prescriptions, hospital care or any unexpected medical emergencies.
All students who participate in an international program or an exchange program will be covered by CISI Insurance as part of their program fee. Students on other programs are required to show proof of international health and accident insurance with a minimum coverage of $200,000.00, unless the program provider carries UF insurance.
Who is responsible for travel arrangements for the program?
Although it can vary by program, all Warrington programs require students to make their own travel plans to and from the program location. Students are typically given a time frame for when to arrive.
Students are also responsible for their travel outside of the program:
Book flight directly with airline if possible.
Be aware of all policies associated with the travel tickets. Many providers will not cancel or change a ticket.
Research travel costs and book flights in advance to maximize savings, but do not book travel before the academic schedule is known.
Students may encounter travel delays and therefore should avoid booking travel close to the dates of exams.
Do financial aid/Bright Futures/pre-paid scholarships apply to study abroad costs?
Financial aid, Bright Futures, and pre-aid scholarships do count toward the tuition costs of the program. Pre-paid monies can also be applied to the housing costs and other program expenses.
Are there any other scholarships available for study abroad?
Scholarships are available through the Warrington College of Business, the University of Florida International Center, and the federal government.
What advice do you have for parents?
The process of studying abroad is often accompanied by a large range of emotions, ranging from joy and excitement to stress and sadness. While it is important to support your student and ensure their safety, it is equally important to protect their independence in navigating the challenges on their own. Here are some simple Do’s and Don’ts for your consideration:
Do
Encourage your student to study abroad.
Let your student know that you can be reached at any time.
Listen to frustrations with a supportive ear.
Encourage your student to be open-minded and flexible and to treat everyone with respect.
Encourage your student to talk with host staff about issues or concerns.
Encourage your student to follow up on important details/considerations.
Tell your student that feeling uncomfortable is normal and okay. Focus on learning.
Observe and discuss changes that you see in your student. Be accepting of a student’s new ideas of self (political, dress, food).
Don’t
Tell your student what program to choose.
Call your student every day to check on them.
Try to solve all their problems.
Call study abroad personnel on the student’s behalf to handle issues and concerns (unless student cannot do it themselves).
Get too involved.
Correlate studying abroad with a vacation experience.
Stay with your student or take them out of class to sightsee.
Worry about personal changes when your student returns. Changes will balance out over time.
General resources
U.S. Department of State
University of Florida International Center
The Center for Global Education Study Abroad Student Handbook – Advice for Parents
Is it safe to study abroad?
No program can completely guarantee safety abroad, just as no one can guarantee safety at home. We can tell you, however, that the cities where our students study are almost always statistically safer than Gainesville, Florida.
Despite the relative safety of these locations, any person in a large and unfamiliar city can be a potential target for thieves and wrongdoers. Nevertheless, the most predictive elements of a safe experience abroad are preparedness and individual behavior. Common sense and street smarts are heavily emphasized in pre-departure and orientation sessions with our students. Here are some additional resources for students and parents:
U.S. Department of State (Travel Alerts and Warnings)
U.S. Department of State (Safety)
The Center for Global Education Study Abroad Student Handbook
The other issue of safety relates to student health. To ensure a safe time abroad, students need to be prepared for the entire duration of the trip, informed about what they might encounter in other countries, and knowledgeable about what to do in case of an emergency. Here are some useful tips:
Supply student with needed medication for entire trip.
Research health information for the countries the student will visit and get the appropriate shots and medication.
Have a general physical and dental exam while in the U.S.
Pack a complete medical record and a typed copy of any prescriptions needed.
Make an emergency plan for any medical issues that may arise.
International Association for Medical Assistance to Travelers (IAMAT)
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
U.S. Department of State (checklist)
What documents are required to study abroad?
In general, all students will need a passport, and most students will need a country-specific visa to study in another country. Here are some tips related to travel documents:
Double-check that your son or daughter’s passport and visa documentation are in order. Make sure their passport is valid for at least six months beyond the end of stay.
Make two photocopies of all travel and financial information — one for the student and one to keep at home (passport, credit cards, bank cards, insurance, etc.).
Encourage the use of a money belt to help keep valuables safe during the trip.
Passport information – U.S. Department of State
Visa information – U.S. Department of State
Will all grades/credits be accepted by UF?
All study abroad credits will be accepted by UF, regardless of the program, as long as the student applied for the program through the University of Florida International Center. Grades will be applied depending on the program:
Exchange Programs:
All grades earned are posted and computed into the UF GPA.
Transfer (third party):
Grades will be computed as transfer credit, meaning that the grade received abroad will be posted on the UF transcript but not computed into the UF GPA.
Heavener programs:
Some grades earned are posted and computed into the UF GPA, and some are posted to the transcript but not computed into the UF GPA.
What are the common means of transportation while abroad?
Transportation also varies by location and program, but most locations have comprehensive public transportation systems including trains, subways, and buses. Since transportation can be costly, it is important to plan transportation needs and include the cost in the student’s budget.
Can a student study in a country without a firm grasp of the language?
Our Warrington programs accommodate every level of host language proficiency. Courses are taught in English, and there is always English-speaking support available for students. In most countries, English-speaking people are quite common and fairly easy to find. Nevertheless, students should make every effort to learn the local language. They will learn that they can actually communicate quite a bit with even just a few key phrases. Our programs also offer survival language classes aimed at equipping students with basic communication skills. Many other study abroad programs have a similar feature as part of the program.
How can parents/guardians keep in touch with their student while they are abroad?
Students may individually purchase or rent a country-specific cell phone or SIM card. There are many providers, such as PicCell Wireless, that rent and sell this equipment at a reasonable cost. (Note: International roaming fees apply when traveling outside of the host country unless a new SIM is inserted to match the location.)
International calling cards are often the cheapest way to communicate over the phone, but the student will have to call from a landline.
Prepaid phones require the student to pay charges before calling and can be refilled as needed.
Video calls offer video and text conferencing for free and cheap computer-to-phone calling. Must download Zoom or a similar program and sign up.
Here are some additional communication tips:
Discuss what time of day students can be reached.
Establish a communication plan in advance.
Contact your phone service provider to discuss the best plan for international calling.
To save on telephone communication, it may be better to set up a regular schedule for emailing, instant messaging, or talking via Zoom.
How do students take care of their affairs while abroad?
Students can usually manage most of their stateside responsibilities through planning and preparation but may require coordination with parents/friends. Students and parents should plan for possible responsibilities such as:
Renewing a driver’s license
Voter registration
Income taxes
Paying monthly credit card bills
Preparing for the next semester at their home school
Select a housing option upon return
Preparing forms to continue financial aid (FAFSA®)
It is beneficial for students to sign financial and medical power of attorney forms, which give a designated representative, such as a family member, the authority to speak to university representatives and/or other relevant representatives on behalf of the student.
Have questions?
Get answers about applications, itineraries, and more:
International Programs office
301 Heavener Hall, PO Box 117160
Gainesville, FL 32611-7160 U.S.A.
Phone: 352-273-0151
International: 001-352-273-0151
Email the office