URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/faculty-research/research-centers/international-accounting-auditing-center
TITLE: International Accounting and Auditing Research - UF Warrington College of Business

International Accounting and Auditing Center
Transparency into transformation
Why simply accept change when you can investigate how it unfolds at multiple levels? Accounting, as a profession, remains in a state of constant transformation. Updated regulations, emerging technologies and restructured business environments all affect how professionals do their jobs — whether they’re trying out a new AI tool or having a voice in company-wide financial decisions.
These effects also extend to institutions like the University of Florida Warrington College of Business’ Fisher School of Accounting. Our International Accounting and Auditing Center assesses the impact of these measures to instruct our students in the realities of the field and inform practitioners of their developments, with the goal of producing a more adaptable and aware workforce.
At the same time, we recognize that we’re far from alone in our pursuit. Today, firms are expected to follow more globally uniform practices, serve an international clientele, and report on digital transactions and cryptocurrency. In turn, we partner with prominent accounting institutions all over the world to establish new practices and ensure these changes are reflected in the education we all provide.
Review our research and initiatives to see how we’re directing the accounting profession’s ongoing progress.
Accounting research areas and initiatives
There’s always a way to make reporting, auditing, and analysis more efficient, accurate, and effective. We’ll tell you about it here, as well as in our annual newsletter and our
inDEPTH
articles.
European Union auditing standards
We partnered with Maastricht University to compare auditing standards used by the United States and the European Union to understand how their differences affect compliance for international firms.
Audit quality
Through a request from the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, we collaborated with other universities to address disparities among the academic, professional, and regulatory definitions of audit quality and create standards based on input, process, outcome and context.
Audit report accountability
Something as simple as a signature — a standard process in Europe that’s absent in U.S. firms — adds another dimension to reporting, recordkeeping and the information provided to financial statement users.
Audit fees
Adopting international accounting standards means undergoing an audit and paying subsequent fees. Our research attempts to understand who’s most affected by this practice and how.
inBRIEF
newsletter
Published annually,
inBRIEF
highlights the center’s ongoing activities and covers key topics through an in-depth yet non-technical focus based on existing accounting and auditing research.
Research talks
Watch Professor W. Robert Knechel’s talks on the
economic importance of accounting audits
and
what constitutes a “good” audit
.
About the center
Our center strives to advance the overall academic and educational goals of the Fisher School of Accounting on an international level. This mission includes bringing a broader international focus to our programs and research efforts and increasing the global visibility of the school’s faculty, students and scholarship.
International collaborations
The center fosters interactions and collaborations with international accounting and auditing scholars. As part of this objective, we regularly host international visitors on a short- or long-term basis, including for our competitive scholar-in-residence program.
Exchange program
Our growing exchange program supports Fisher faculty and Ph.D. students who wish to expand their research opportunities abroad. Past exchange placements have included Maastricht University in the Netherlands and KU Leuven, outside of Brussels.
Our location
You’ll find the International Accounting and Auditing Center on the second floor of Gerson Hall in the renovated Andersen reading area. This location provides a focal point for the center’s activities and includes an office for international visitors.
InDepth articles
Submissions for InDepth, the center’s publication of detailed articles about accounting and auditing, are considered by the center director. Send a 100-word summary of topics to be included.
Submit your proposal to the center director
Submission next steps
Once your idea is accepted
If your idea is accepted, you will be asked to expand the summary into a 1,500-word essay. Any topic related to accounting research is of interest, but it must be well defined and amenable to summary within the word limit. Full-length essays should meet the following guidelines:
There should be no equations, mathematical notation, or other technical representations that hinder the conversational flow of the essay.
There should be no statistics other than summary measures (e.g., means) used to highlight and give perspective to key points.
Citations are not needed in the text itself.
Footnotes should be used sparingly.
A reference list of key papers in the topic area should be included.
Accepted essays will be made available through the center website in electronic form. Selected essays may be published in paper form as part of the center’s inBRIEF newsletter.
Visiting scholars
Visiting scholars are advanced Ph.D. students or recent graduates who wish to gain international research experience.
Academic Year 2025-2026 Visitors
Name
Affiliation
Country
Xiaotong Deng
The University of New South Wales
Australia
Alfredo Sarlo Neto
University of São Paulo
Brazil
Adam Arian
Australian Catholic University
Australia
Godsway Kadey
University of Technology Sydney
Australia
Prior Academic Years Visitors
Name
Affiliation
Country
Meng Guo
Aalto University
Finland
Filipe Casellato Scabora
University of São Paulo
Brazil
Carla Gravellu
University of Cagliari
Italy
Lina Li
Auckland New Zealand
New Zealand
Luiz Fernando
Distadio Griffith University
Australia
Yahya Yilmaz
University of Münster
Germany
Ying Jin
University of International Business and Economics
China
Thi Thuy Dung Nguyen
Universidad Carlos III de Madrid
Spain
Paulo Victor Gomes Novaes
Federal University of Minas Gerais
Brazil
Emeline Deneuve
ESSEC Business School
France
Romina Rakipi
University of Pisa
Italy
Mohammad Jizi
Lebanese American University
Lebanon
Merve ACAR
Ankara Yildirim Beyazit University
Turkey
Marvin Nipper
University Duisburg-Essen
Germany
Melissa Cagle
Dokuz Eylul University
Turkey
Christian Friedrich
Technische Universität Darmstadt
Germany
Gerken Fynn
University of Antwerp
Belgium
Tianshi Li
University of International Business and Economics
China
Valeria Volpentesta
Dokuz Eylul University
Turkey
Nelson Ma
University of Technology, Sydney
Australia
Dale Fu
University of New South Wales
Australia
Yutao Chen
Southwestern University of Finance and Economics
China
Chenyu Zhang
University of International Business and Economics
China
Sven Hoerner
Julius-Maximilians-Universität Würzburg
Germany
Silvia Triani
University of Parma
Italy
Malik Lachman
Technische Universität Berlin
Germany
Simon Dekeyser
KU Leuven
Belgium
Lisa Frey
University of Passau
Germany.
Shouwen Zhang
University of International Business and Economics
China
Antti Miihkinen
Aalto University School of Business
Finland
Johanna Kluber
Technical University of Dortmund
Germany
Herman van Brink
Nyenrode University
Netherlands
Inez Verwey
Nyenrode University
Netherlands
Adriana Rossi
Universita G.D’Annunzio
Italy
Cheng Gao
Renmin University
China
Steve Salterio
Queens School of Business
Canada
Lei Zou
Maastricht University
Netherlands
Christophe Van Linden
KU Leuven
Belgium
Amin Salimi Sofla
Umea University
Sweden
Jukka Karjalainen
University of Eastern Finland
Finland
Jigao Zhu
University of International Business and Economics
China
Sakshi Girdhar
Aarhus University
Denmark
Marlene Willekens
KU Leuven
Belgium
Ashna Prasad
University of New South Wales
Australia
Like Jiang
ESSEC Business School
France
Antti Miihkinen
Aalto University
Finland
Chris Chapman
Imperial College of London
United Kingdom
Nadine Funcke
Maastricht University
Netherlands
Beryl Huang
Vrije Universiteit Brussel
Belgium
Sam Han
Korea University Business School
South Korea
Chris Hardies
Vrije Universiteit Brussel
Belgium
Mikko Zerni
University of Vaasa
Finland
Beryl Huang
University of International Business and Economics
China
Mattias Hamberg
Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration
Norway
Jorn Basel
ESCP Europe Business School
Europe
Application and nomination
The Fisher School of Accounting and the International Center for Research in Accounting and Auditing welcome short-term visiting scholars. A short-term scholar is an individual engaged in conducting research, observing, consulting, teaching, training or lecturing for a period of six months or less.
Visiting scholars will need to provide their own funding and must meet
UF funding requirements and regulations
. The Fisher School will provide visiting scholars access to a computer, office space, an email account and the library.
Short-term scholars must be nominated by a faculty member in their institutions and sponsored by a Fisher School faculty member. In selecting visitors, preference will be given to doctoral students who are advanced in their research program or post-docs who can contribute to the Fisher School research environment.
Application procedures
Nominations by each scholar’s faculty member must be sent between November 1 and March 1.
The nomination package should include:
The scholar’s statement of purpose — no more than two pages describing the scholar’s interests and the work that he or she intends to do at the Fisher School, including any classes to be attended. The statement must also explain why the Fisher School is the appropriate place for the scholar’s planned work and how they can contribute to the research environment at Fisher.
A letter from the Fisher School faculty member who will act as the sponsor.
A current CV.
Any published work.
A statement of support from the home institution, preferably from their thesis supervisor.
Evidence of financial support for the duration of the visit. (Note: If funding is conditional on acceptance of the visitor to Fisher, a conditional acceptance letter will be issued, but proof of financial support must be provided prior to arrival on campus.)
Students are expected to arrive near the start of a new term (August or January).
These materials should be sent by
email to W. Robert Knechel
, Director of ICRAA.
International accounting resources
Find answers to all your questions about reporting, auditing requirements, regulations and international accounting standards.
Regulators/standard setters
Accounting Standards Board of Japan
Australian Accounting Standards Board
Belgian Accounting Standards Board
China Securities Regulatory Commission
European Commission
European Union Audit Market Reform
Financial Accounting Standards Board
Financial Reporting & Assurance Standards Canada
IFRS Foundation
International Organization of Securities Commissions
Korea Accounting Standards Board
PCAOB Cooperative Arrangements and Announcements
Malaysian Accounting Standards Board
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Conceptual Releases
U.K. Financial Reporting Council
Academic/professional organizations
AAA International Section
Association of International Accountants
Center for Audit Quality
Accountancy Europe
International Federation of Accountants
The Institute of Internal Auditors
Academic/professional journals
Accounting, Organizations and Society
Advances in Accounting
Auditing: A Journal of Practice and Theory
Contemporary Accounting Research
Current Issues in Auditing
European Accounting Review
International Accounting Bulletin
International Journal of Auditing
Journal of Accountancy
Journal of Accounting and Economics
Journal of Accounting Research
Journal of International Accounting, Auditing and Taxation
Journal of International Accounting Research
Review of Accounting Studies
The latest news
Brian Miller’s lifetime of learning in accounting
View all news
Center events
No posts found.
See all events
Change, quantified
Observe, understand, and act on every development with research and guidance from Warrington’s International Accounting and Auditing Center.
Contact us
International Accounting & Auditing Center
Fisher School of Accounting
University of Florida
PO Box 117166
Gainesville, FL 32611
352-273-0215
W. Robert Knechel
Director
Email Robert
Faculty directory
Partner with us