URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/faculty-research/research-centers/international-business-center
TITLE: International Business Center - UF Warrington College of Business

International Business Center
Warrington’s hub for global business
The International Business Center expands knowledge of and appreciation for the global business environment by faculty and students of the Warrington College of Business.
Through interactions with foreign students and faculty members, research on the international dimensions of the various functional areas, and opportunities to travel and work abroad, the International Business Center serves as Warrington’s global hub.
The center’s role
The International Business Center has four major objectives in seeking funding and developing programs to fulfill its mission and to benefit the Warrington College of Business and the University of Florida.
Global seminars and speakers
The center supports programs to bring business executives with global responsibilities to campus where they will present seminars and work with graduate business students in order to expand global awareness and to create an interest in working abroad.
Research support
Develop opportunities for University of Florida faculty, staff and students to conduct research in other countries related to the global dimension of their field.
International case competitions
Promote participation by Hough Graduate School of Business students in international case competitions in order to increase the visibility of the graduate business programs and to give students experience in confronting real-world business problems.
Outreach
Develop outreach activities with the North Central Florida business community that capitalize on the expertise about the global business environment gained by students during their educational programs to assist companies in evaluating and capitalizing on international market opportunities.
Center programs
The International Business Center supports students and Warrington academic programs through distinct programming and financial support.
Case competitions
Participation in international case competitions is a valuable activity that gives graduate students experience in confronting real-world business problems while testing their mettle and knowledge against their peers from other top business schools. Programs submit proposals for sending teams to important international case competitions, with the center planning to support four to five international case competitions each year.
Global immersion experiences
The center provides financial support for graduate students to participate in global immersion trips, some of which are required by various programs. Subsidies are provided to programs to reduce fixed overhead costs rather than directly to each student. However, it is expected that the cost to the students will be adjusted to reflect the lower administrative costs.
International speaker series
The series was made possible by the continued support of the Fregly Foundation, which established the Marilyn Southwick Fregly International Business Endowment in 2010. The goal of the speaker series is to expand our students’ global awareness, create interest in working abroad, give students a firsthand look at foreign business practices and provide funding for visiting faculty to teach specialized international business courses.
Contact the center
Andy Naranjo
Director, International Business Center
Susan Cameron Professor
352-392-3781
Email the center