URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/faculty-research/impact-entrepreneurship-initiative
TITLE: Impact Entrepreneurship Initiative - UF Warrington College of Business

Impact Entrepreneurship Initiative
Leading transformation through business
The Impact Entrepreneurship Initiative recognizes the rippling effect a business can have on people, places and prosperity. For communities, businesses go beyond a game-changing idea or a source of revenue. These ventures generate income while catalyzing impact-driven innovation.
Opening a storefront, prototyping a product, or designing an app is just the first step, however, the Impact Entrepreneurship Initiative, offered through the University of Florida Warrington College of Business’
Entrepreneurship and Innovation Center
, empowers students to become high-impact entrepreneurs and leaders, leveraging the power of business to create value in their local communities and around the world.
Interested in making a difference through your ideas? Courses open to undergraduate and graduate students introduce the skills for launching, sustaining, and evaluating these ventures, while our programs let you put them into practice on campus and in the local community. Learn more about what we do and how you can get involved.
What’s our impact?
Our own drive to build a better future through business has yielded a quantifiable influence across the greater Gainesville community.
2,200
Students have participated since 2005.
114,650
Volunteer hours contributed and $2.9M in value created by our students for the local community.
250
We’ve volunteered with over 250 for-profit, nonprofit and hybrid entities since our inception.
About us
We empower students to become innovative entrepreneurs, strategic problem-solvers, and high impact leaders in business and beyond.
Our mission
We create opportunities for students to become innovative problem-solvers and strategic leaders, challenging them to develop skills and strategies of successful business & community leaders who create innovative, impactful, and resilient solutions to real-world challenges.
What you’ll learn
Establish a new, collective definition of success as you understand how to create value, help others and solve problems through High-Impact Entrepreneurship, Impact-Driven Innovation, Strategic Venture Planning, Strategic Giving & Philanthropy, Strategic Impact, and Impact Leadership.
Our partners
Our partnerships across the UF community, including with the
Center for Arts in Medicine
,
Center for Public Interest Communications
,
Digital Worlds Institute
,
Engineering Innovation Institute
, and
Innovation Academy
, reflect the true multidisciplinary, connection-based nature of entrepreneurship.
Our supporters
Our programs are made possible thanks to contributions from the Silverstein family, whose donation established the Ignite Impact Leadership program; Abhi Lokesh, co-founder of Fracture; the McClave Family Foundation, and Jared Meyers, a UF finance program alumnus.
Impact entrepreneurship courses
Impactful entrepreneurship begins with identifying and thinking about how your venture can create positive impacts. In our courses, you’ll probe this relationship further before taking these principles out into the real world. You’ll learn the key skills, mindsets, and competencies of Impact Entrepreneurs & Leaders working in business and beyond.
All courses are open to UF students from any major or program of study with no prerequisites. For some courses, priority is given to Warrington students.
Contact us for registration help
ENT 3503 and ENT 6506, two introductory courses are offered each fall semester in module 2. ENT 4934/ENT 6930 are offered in the spring semester of module 3.
ENT 3503 – Introduction (for undergraduate students)
Impact entrepreneurship involves using the skills and strategies of business to innovatively and sustainably solve problems impacting people, places and prosperity. This course aims to educate, inspire and empower students to become innovative entrepreneurs, strategic problem-solvers, and high-impact leaders in business and beyond.
(No prerequisites, all undergrads welcome.)
ENT 6506 – Introduction (for graduate students)
The process of starting, financing, assessing, and managing impact-focused for-profit and not-for-profit ventures.
(No prerequisites, all graduate students welcome.)
ENT 4934/ENT 6930 – Impact Consulting Courses
Launch Florida: Strategic Impact Consulting
Impact Business Consulting Lab
Impact Venture Consulting
Ignite Impact Philanthropy Lab: Collective Giving for Strategic Impact
Impact Internships
Create impact by collaborating with others respected for the impacts their ventures make possible. In addition to being an incredible experience, Impact Internships fulfill the “Create Impact” requirement for our Impact Leaders Awards. Applications are accepted on a rolling basis and selection is competitive.
Apply for Impact Internships
Ignite Impact Leadership Program
The Ignite Impact Leadership Program upholds and amplifies our mission, allowing the Warrington College of Business to serve as a paradigm of high-impact entrepreneurship.
Through this program, students examine the bigger, lasting effects of their ideas while learning about running early-to advanced-stage ventures directly from impact-focused entrepreneurs and leaders. Through experiential learning and capacity building, students benefit from engaging with real-life impact entrepreneurs, helping their ventures to be more effective, efficient, and impactful.
About the program
A transformative $1.55 million gift from the Silverstein family established the Ignite Impact Leadership Program, directed by Dr. Kristin Joys, in January 2025. This multi-year gift enables the scaling of UF’s successful impact entrepreneurship programs while honoring the legacies of Drs. Janet and Burt Silverstein.
The Ignite Impact Leadership Program assists other colleges and universities across the nation in implementing offerings like Warrington’s Impact Consulting courses and Impact Internships, both of which help students earn Impact Leaders Awards. Through the Impact Leaders Award program, students study, practice, and create impact, in addition to sharing their stories and learning from local impact-focused entrepreneurs.
The initiative focuses on three core elements:
Researching and defining best practices for high-impact entrepreneurship and impact leadership education.
Developing resources and curricula informed by these practices.
Partnering with organizations to disseminate these best practices and programs.
UF Impact Leaders Awards
These awards recognize students who embody our commitment to impact-driven entrepreneurship, innovation and leadership. Students who study impact, practice impact, create impact and share their impact stories will receive their UF Impact Leaders Awards.
All UF students are encouraged to apply. Please review the requirements.
Requirements
Undergraduate and graduate students who complete the core course and engage in experiential learning consulting projects in the greater Gainesville community are recognized as UF Impact Leaders, which formalizes and recognizes their education and experience in impact-focused entrepreneurship, innovation and leadership.
UF Impact Leaders intent to complete form
Tracks are available for both undergraduate and graduate students to earn their UF Impact Leaders Awards. Students earn awards by fulfilling any of the following requirements:
Study Impact
by earning a passing grade in the Intro course, ENT 3503/ENT 6506.
In extenuating circumstances, students who are unable to enroll in ENT3503 or ENT6506 may be able to enroll in an alternative option to fulfill the Study Impact requirement. For more information,
email Impact Leaders
so we can ensure your successful completion of the Study Impact requirement.
Practice Impact
by earning a passing grade in one of the Impact Consulting Courses (ENT 4934/ENT 6930) offered each Spring Mod 3, working as a consultant on an experiential learning project for a local impact-focused venture. Opportunities include:
Completing a module-long consulting project while earning a grade of “B” or above in the Launch Florida: Strategic Impact Consulting course (ENT 6930/ENT 4934), the Impact Business Consulting Lab course (ENT 6930/ENT 4934), the Impact Venture Consulting course (ENT 6930/ENT 4934), or the Ignite Impact Philanthropy Lab: Collective Giving for Strategic Impact (ENT 6930/ENT 4934).
In extenuating circumstances, students who are unable to enroll in one of the Impact Consulting courses may be permitted to engage in another substantive impact consulting project with approval from Dr. Joys prior to beginning. Examples include: Continue an Experiential Learning Consulting Project from a prior ENT class; complete a semester-long impact-focused consulting project with Enactus, GatorNest, or through the IA Internship Program; complete a MDP program Field Practicum; or serve as a consultant to one of the participants in the Veterans Entrepreneurship Program. Please
email Impact Leaders
regarding the options above so we can ensure your successful completion of the Practice Impact requirement.
Create Impact
by engaging on campus and in the community by completing an Impact Internship or by developing an impact venture and competing in the Impact Award category of The Big Idea Business Plan Competition.
In extenuating circumstances, students who are unable to do any of the three options listed above may be permitted alternative options to fulfill the Create Impact requirements with approval from Dr. Joys prior to beginning. Examples include: Start an impact-focused venture and join one of our local incubators/accelerators (the Gator Hatchery, Innovation Hub, StarterSpace, etc.); win a grant from the Brown Center for Leadership and Service; or serve on the leadership team of one of EIC’s student organizations. Please
email Impact Leaders
regarding the options above so we can ensure your successful completion of the Create Impact requirement.
Tell Your Impact Story
by submitting an Impact Leader Report by the deadline prior to graduation.
To do this: Apply to certify your status as an Impact Leader by submitting an online form with evidence that you completed the requirements and sharing your impacts by November 15 (for Fall), March 15 (for Spring), or July 1 (for Summer) before your graduating semester.
UF Impact Leaders will receive UF Impact Leaders Awards, which consist of a
digital badge from Credly
, a certificate for their achievement, and honors cords for commencement celebrations.
Big Idea Business Plan Competition – Impact Award
Teams presenting a business plan with a clear impact-focused commitment are eligible for two awards: Best Impact Prize ($1,000) and Fire Neural Network Global Impact Award ($1,000). Review past recipients and their ideas.
Previous winners
Each Spring, the Entrepreneurship and Innovation Center hosts the Big Idea Business Plan Competition.
Through the generous support of sponsors (Fire Neural Network, Study Edge, and Parisleaf), recent teams have each received a $1,000 award:
2025 — The Online Experience (Valeria Pinzon Trujillo)
2024 — Cordelia Bioscience (Jessica Tittl), also won first place
2023 —
Coastal Resilience Solutions
(Dr. Shelby Thomas), also won first place
2022 — Purposed Studios (Wanda Baez)
2021 — Upskill Talent (Erika Nang)
To enter, visit the
Big Idea Business Plan Competition
.
Impact Entrepreneur in Residence
You don’t have to travel far for inspiration and guidance. Get to know Abhi Lokesh, our current Impact Entrepreneur in Residence and a former UF student influenced by a campus-wide culture of innovation.
About the Impact Entrepreneur in Residence
In Spring 2006, the second semester of his freshman year, while on track to follow both of his parents and his older sister in a career as a physician, Abhi Lokesh stumbled upon Kristin Joys’ Honors Introduction course. He took the class and, for his final project, worked with two classmates to start a nonprofit that sold art in order to raise money to help alleviate the health and poverty epidemic in Eswatini.
Abhi credits his experience in Joys’ class as the catalyst that led him to get involved in the Entrepreneurship and Innovation Center. He joined the EIC Ambassadors and served as an RA for the first Young Entrepreneurs Summer Program for High School Students in 2007.
These experiences offered Abhi the opportunity to spend time with entrepreneurs who were changing the world. With help from Dr. Joys, Abhi and his two classmates applied for and won a $10,000 Projects for Peace Grant, taking them to Eswatini, where they worked with the Ministry of Health and WHO to pilot their ideas.
It was in a small town in Eswatini, that Abhi and his partner Alex came up with Fracture, a revolutionary technology that takes photos directly from a smartphone (or any digital device) and beautifully prints them on glass to be displayed in people’s homes.
Abhi graduated from UF in 2009. Under his leadership, Fracture raised over $2 million in capital, processed over 2 million orders across 180+ countries, and reached $30 million in annual sales — all while maintaining 75%+ gross margins and 48-hour custom turnaround times.
Fracture employed over 100 full-time team members and operated out of a 30,000-square-foot solar-powered facility in Alachua, FL. In 2021, the company was successfully acquired by Summit Partners, a top-tier private equity firm, delivering strong returns to investors and marking a milestone in innovative and impactful consumer goods.
Abhi continues to mentor and inspire the next generation of changemakers as the Impact Entrepreneur in Residence at UF. He frequently returns to campus to speak on entrepreneurship, innovation, and impact. In 2024, he launched Odyssey Ventures, a firm focused on advising founders, CEOs, and high-growth startups. You can learn more about
Abhi on LinkedIn
.
What will your legacy be?
Start to define and craft it through the Impact Entrepreneurship Initiative.
Contact us
Kristin Joys
Program Director
352-273-0355
Email the program director
Students: UF Impact Leaders Award
Partner with us