URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/undergraduate/bsba-management
TITLE: Bachelor’s in Management Degree- UF Warrington College of Business

BSBA in Management program
Program length
120 credits
Full time: 4 years
Application deadlines
Freshmen
Transfer
Schedule format
On campus
Semester schedule
In-person, online and hybrid courses
Is a bachelor’s in management from Warrington worth it?
It’s all in the name: Every organization benefits from a visionary manager. They know how to distribute resources, rally together teams, and attract the right talent. They also think big picture
and
small scale to streamline operations and design strategic initiatives.
The University of Florida Warrington College of Business’ Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Management program recognizes just how vital — and universal — this role is.
To transform yourself into the dynamic, creative leader every organization needs, you’ll learn to set goals, solve problems and encourage collaboration across different business disciplines.
Prepare to think on your feet, whether comparing salaries or market competition.
Engage your critical thinking skills through case studies, small group projects and on-campus leadership development.
See management theories play out in complex corporate settings, on the international stage or as you start your own business.
Get hands-on experience using data, AI and machine learning to increase productivity and make stronger decisions.
Use electives, minors and our research centers’ programs to explore applications in human resources, retail, nonprofits and real estate.
Ready to get started?
Make your next move and discover more about Warrington and our management major.
Contact an admissions counselor
Visit us
Start your application
BSBA in Management facts and figures
Take a strategic, forward-looking approach to your future.
325
Students enrolled in the management major.
#16
Among U.S. Publics and #28 in the nation for undergraduate management programs.
U.S. News & World Report
, 2025 Best Undergraduate Business Programs
#14
Among U.S. Publics and #24 in the nation.
U.S. News & World Report
, 2026 Best Undergraduate Business Programs
Business Ethics Center
Ethical leadership more than defines company culture — it empowers a more socially responsible and productive workforce. Through programs like the Business Ethics Ambassadors, you’ll contemplate these principles before putting them into action on campus.
Develop an ethical mindset
What do Management majors do?
Good managers go beyond directions. Instead, they realize the effects of their decisions, motivate and mentor teams toward success, and tackle challenges ranging from disagreements to budgets and partnerships.
That vast and versatile skill set starts here:
Business core:
Students take foundation courses in economics, mathematics, computing skills, and accounting; core courses that relate to the basic functions of a business, such as finance, management, marketing, and operations management.
Major courses:
Learn how to find, train, and motivate top performers while developing a growth-oriented environment where everyone does their best work.
Electives and minors:
Tailor management theory to wherever you picture yourself — like leading a nonprofit or starting up your own business.
Discover all undergraduate minors and certificates
.
Career readiness requirement:
Explore careers in business, develop key competencies valued by employers, graduate with real world experience, and develop leadership tools to get you ready for your career.
Scholarships
Warrington awards scholarships to undergraduates each year.
These one-time, term-based awards range from $500 to $2,000. For consideration, interested students are advised to submit their Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA®) and Warrington’s undergraduate scholarship application.
Types of awards include:
Merit- and need-based awards:
Stay focused on your next major goal with a scholarship that recognizes all you’ve achieved so far.
Florida Bright Futures:
High high school grades can result in lower costs — including a scholarship that covers 100% of all tuition and fees.
Review levels for this award, eligibility requirements, and how to apply
.
Region-specific awards:
Live in Tampa, Palm Beach, Polk County or another Florida region? You may be eligible for a scholarship that offsets the cost of tuition or study abroad expenses.
Study abroad awards:
About half of Warrington undergraduates complete a study abroad experience before they graduate. For many students, scholarships that partially cover tuition or living expenses make these trips possible.
Explore all scholarships and apply
Craft your success story
Personalized, not prescribed — that’s how Warrington encourages you to approach your career.
Business-ready competencies:
Cultivate key workforce skills — from technology integration to collaboration and cross-cultural communication — to show that you’re ready to strategize from day one.
Learn more about our approach
.
Leadership development:
Test out leadership theories as you mentor new students or serve the greater UF community.
Learn more about leadership development
.
Mentorship:
Peers who have already completed an internship (or secured a full-time role) tell you what worked for them or help you prep for an upcoming interview.
Explore mentorship at Warrington
.
Internships:
You won’t know if you don’t try. That’s our career philosophy — and one that encourages you to define your aspirations through direct, diverse field experiences.
Learn more about internships
.
Study abroad:
See how another country teaches and conducts business for a semester or longer, including through internship opportunities in select cities.
Explore study abroad programs
.
Career guidance:
We don’t tell you where to go. We present the tools and options to plan your way there.
Learn more about our top-ranked approach to career development
.
Flexibility:
Attend class live or catch up online for select requirements. This flexibility makes it easier to schedule an internship or participate in leadership activities without falling behind.
Admission requirements
Interested in guiding others’ success, solving complex problems or structuring operations? Warrington’s management major might be for you.
Learn more about the admissions process
, or review requirements based on how you’ll apply:
Incoming freshmen:
Apply directly to UF, starting with the undergraduate application and selecting management as your major.
Review requirements and apply
.
Innovation Academy:
Spend the spring and summer semesters studying management and earning an Innovation minor. Then, use your fall to personalize your study — perhaps with an internship or study abroad trip.
Learn more about Innovation Academy before you apply
.
Transfer to UF:
Arriving with some college credits or a completed associate degree? If you previously studied management or a related discipline, Warrington evaluates your application to give you the go-ahead for our BSBA program.
Learn more about transferring to UF
.
Change your major:
Still searching for the right fit? As long as your requirements are on track, switch your major to management to embark on a career combining people skills, business knowledge, and strategic decision-making.
Learn more about changing your major
.
Combination degrees:
Take master’s-level classes while fulfilling bachelor’s requirements, fast-tracking your career and saving money long term.
Explore all combination degree programs
.
Dual degrees:
Interested in earning a BSBA in Management plus another major at the University of Florida?
Understand who’s eligible to pursue a dual-degree pathway
and how to apply, whether you’re a business student expanding your horizons or a UF undergraduate curious about Warrington’s offerings.
Related programs
Still debating your career direction (or major)? Take a quantitative or people-centric path — or structure your own course of study.
BSBA in Finance
BSBA in Marketing
BABA in General Studies
Manage your skills. Lead your career.
Human Resource Research Center
Human Resource Research Center
Building tomorrow’s workforce often starts with human resources departments. To see what this career path entails, attend guest lectures and roundtable discussions, and connect with Warrington’s corporate partners.
Explore human resources at Warrington
Miller Retail Center
Miller Retail Center
From introductory programming to summer internships, get an insider’s look into the structure and team dynamics of e-commerce and similar product- and selling-based industries.
Consider a retail career
Entrepreneurship and Innovation Center
Entrepreneurship and Innovation Center
When you have an idea, the Entrepreneurship and Innovation Center gives you a co-working space, networking opportunities and competitions to grow it into a product or business.
Pursue entrepreneurship at Warrington
Courses
Better relationships and strategies begin with an overview of business operations. Then, you’ll uncover how management keeps everything organized and running — from onboarding to developing new procedures and initiatives.
In addition to general studies, here are the business classes management majors are required to take:
Core courses
The Legal Environment of Business
Introduces the legal environment of business and emphasizes the social, political and ethical aspects of legal issues in business.
Business Finance
Students will understand the role of finance within a firm, society and an economic system.
International Business
Students will understand how components impact business decision-making in countries worldwide.
Principles of Management
A broad overview of management that will help you become a better manager and better team member.
Principles of Marketing
Students will understand the role of marketing within society and an economic system.
Operations and Supply Chain Management
Introduces the concepts of operations management and supply chain management.
Statistics for Business Decisions
Covers correlation and linear regression, model building, multiple regression and more that impact business decisions.
Foundations of Business Analytics and Artificial Intelligence
Introduces the basics of data analytics and machine learning using Python.
Organizations: Structure and Behavior
Individual, group, and organizational issues that affect and shape businesses.
Human Resource Management
Covers human resource areas such as employment planning, employment regulation, job analysis and others.
Strategic Management
Evaluation of the key functions of organizations and integration of these functions to achieve competitive advantages.
Electives
Business Data Communications
Examines various telecommunication systems, the use of local and wide area networks and wireless technologies.
Business Processes and Accounting Information System
This course provides an examination of the accounting information systems in a business organization.
Business Systems 1
Introduces the basic tools for building business systems using object-oriented and event-driven programming paradigms.
Business Systems 2
Continues developing the basic tools for building business systems using object-oriented and event-driven programming paradigms.
Business Systems Design and Applications
Conceptual foundations of the process, data, and object-oriented approaches for business systems.
Computing in the Business Environment
Presents fundamental concepts from the perspectives of the business computer user and the corporate business computing environment.
Consumer Behavior
Emphasizes both descriptive and conceptual analysis of consumer behavior.
Cost and Managerial Accounting
Applying economic principles and analytic skills to provide financial data for a management control system.
Creativity and Innovation in the Business Environment
Examination of the creative process and organizational environment of several innovative organizations.
Database Management
Introductory course on database management covering stages in the database development process.
Debt and Money Markets
Covering financial markets, as well as institutions and instruments associated with debt funds.
Digital Marketing
Students learn how to use Python programming to analyze data and develop digital marketing solutions.
Effective Career Management
Based on the cognitive information processing theory for career problem-solving and decision-making.
Equity and Capital Markets
Covers financial markets, institutions associated with equity funds, and the mechanics of stock prices.
Estate & Tax Planning
Learn the fundamentals of estate planning through trusts, guardianships, and post-mortem planning.
Ethics in Global Business
Explores issues promoting profitable but responsible commerce and socially beneficial business activity.
Financial Accounting and Reporting 1
Apply economic reasoning, accounting concepts, and generally accepted accounting principles to solve problems.
Financial Accounting and Reporting 2
Learn about financial accounting standards and rules to record complex transactions.
Financial Management
An examination of the theory and practice of managerial finance, financing, and investing decisions.
Financial Plan Development
Covers retirement needs, individual, corporate, and government retirement plans, plus group benefits plans.
Information Systems and Operations Strategy
Policy and management issues surrounding information systems and operations management in today’s enterprises.
Integrated Product and Process Design 1
Engineering and business students partner with industry sponsors to create authentic products and processes.
Integrated Product and Process Design 2
Continuation of the two-course sequence where engineering and business students partner with industry sponsors.
Introduction to Financial Planning and Wealth Management
An examination of the financial planning process, professional conduct and regulation, and education planning.
Introduction to Retailing Systems and Management
This course focuses on functions, institutions, and activities of retailing goods and services.
Introduction to Social Entrepreneurship
Covers skills and strategies of businesses to innovatively and sustainably solve problems.
Leadership
This covers the knowledge, skills, and foundation in leadership necessary to be effective in a variety of settings.
Leading Organizations
Provides the foundation for leadership practice in a variety of professions and increases the capacity to lead.
Managerial Operations Analysis 1
Introduces the concepts of management science and increases confidence using deterministic analytic models.
Managerial Operations Analysis 2
Students will learn stochastic modeling techniques and introductory visual basics.
Marketing Management
Analyzes marketing strategies involving product and brand development, channels of distribution, and pricing and promotion.
Principles of Entrepreneurship
Practical, hands-on understanding of the stages of the entrepreneurial process.
Professional Selling
Teaches the importance of the selling role and provides basic professional selling skills.
Professional Speaking in Business
Teaches students communication skills for succeeding in business, including presentations, speeches, interpersonal skills, and interviewing.
Professional Writing in Business
Designed to teach business students fundamental written communication skills, focusing on those areas central to professional writing in business.
Real Estate Analysis
Principles of real estate decision-making within the context of our economic, social, legal, and political governmental systems.
Real Estate Investment Decision Making
Explores real estate investment and the skills of decision-making for those who make investments.
Risk Management and Insurance
How to identify and handle risk while introducing life, health, property, liability, and other areas of insurance.
Sales Management
Focused on principles, methods, and problems relating to the management of a sales force.
Special Topics in Entrepreneurship
Past topics have included Business Plan Lab, Small and Family Business, and Dilemmas and Debates.
Special Topics in Finance
Highlighting special topics in finance fields of study.
What can I do with a bachelor’s in business management?
Efficiency, company culture and career growth all depend on management. In turn, you can uphold, overhaul or expand these structures in Fortune 500 enterprises, in the healthcare field, for small businesses, as a consultant or even as an entrepreneur.
Beyond your bachelor’s, build upon your knowledge of behavioral dynamics to earn an advanced degree in business, law, real estate or entrepreneurship.
$71,100
Average salary for BSBA in Management graduates.
1.2M
Openings for management professionals are projected through 2033.
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
6%
More positions for human resources managers are projected through 2033.
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
Where our graduates work
Job titles
Account Executive
Analyst
Assistant Marketing Manager
Associate Recruiter
Brand Manager
Business Development Associate
Client Services Associate
Corporate Analyst
Data Analyst
District Manager
District Sales Manager
Executive Team Leader
Financial Analyst
M&A Project Manager
Management Trainee
Private Banking Analyst
Project Analyst
Project Manager
Property Manager
Sales Management Associate
Sales Manager
Student organizations
Sign up for groups like the Gator Society for Human Resource Management, Retail Society, Real Estate Society, Undergraduate Consulting Club or College Council to connect over your career interests and network with fellow students, faculty and industry professionals.
Browse all student organizations at Warrington
Faculty
While many institutions teach management theory, our faculty members constantly rethink it and create new knowledge. This unabating curiosity means you learn about group dynamics and operations from one of the most productive business school departments by research volume.
Patrick Balian
Lecturer
Courses: Human Resource Management and Organizations: Structure and Behavior
Linda D. Clarke
Instructional Assistant Professor
Courses: Organizations: Structure and Behavior and Principles of Management
Jingyu Zhang
Lecturer
Research areas: Leadership Dynamics and Employee Outcomes
Meet your instructors
Helping you take ownership of your career
From day one at Procter & Gamble, I had the opportunity to dive into projects that are important to the business. This experience taught me the necessity of taking ownership of my work and truly leading the thinking in my projects. And, in their world, it is all about the consumer. Working on truly impactful projects at P&G Gillette allowed me to practice bringing critical insights to ultimately deliver recommendations that drive innovation — something P&G has always executed with excellence.
Sara Rintoul (BSBA ’24)
1
/
n
Take charge of your career
With a BSBA in Management from Warrington, you’re ready to empower all types of organizations from the top down.
Contact an admissions counselor
Visit us
Start your application