URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/undergraduate/bsba-marketing
TITLE: Bachelor’s in Marketing Degree - UF Warrington College of Business

BSBA in Marketing program
Program length
120 credits
Full time: 4 years
Application deadlines
Freshmen
Transfer
Schedule format
On campus
Semester schedule
In-person, online and hybrid courses
Is Warrington’s marketing major worth it?
The BSBA in Marketing blends marketing theory with emerging technologies. You’ll gain a deep understanding of the essential pillars of marketing, including market segmentation, consumer behavior, pricing strategies, integrated marketing communications, and global marketing practices.
This foundation ensures you are well-versed in the frameworks that have shaped the field and are prepared to navigate the evolving complexities of marketing.
What distinguishes the marketing program is its novel integration of AI across the curriculum. You will explore the transformative role of AI in modern marketing. Leveraging tools such as machine learning, predictive analysis, and natural language processing to inform decision-making and personal consumer engagement at scale.
AI integration enhances foundational knowledge, rather than replacing it. You will graduate with a nuanced understanding of how traditional technological strategies intersect in today’s data-driven marketplace.
Ready to get started?
Make your next move and discover more about Warrington and our marketing major.
Contact an admissions counselor
Visit us
Start your application
BSBA in Marketing facts and figures
Get to know our brand: high-ranking, fast-rising and backed by major ROI.
598
Students enrolled in the marketing major.
#8
Among U.S. Publics and #10 in the nation for undergraduate marketing programs.
U.S. News & World Report
, 2026 Best Undergraduate Business Programs
#14
Among U.S. Publics and #24 in the nation.
U.S. News & World Report
, 2026 Best Undergraduate Business Programs
Discover data and AI
Data is the marketing professional’s multipurpose decision-making tool. And AI increasingly streamlines various research and strategy tasks. Through an applied introduction integrated into several courses, marketing majors learn how to uncover valuable insights, turn them into campaigns and products and measure their impact.
Explore our approach
What do Marketing majors do at Warrington?
The strongest brands stand upon an equally strong (and always evolving) consumer relationship. Day to day, marketing professionals determine if they’re speaking to the right people and the best ways to reach them.
Warrington’s marketing major delves into the tools and strategies for boosting products, brands and organizations:
Business core:
Students take foundation courses in economics, mathematics, computing skills, and accounting; core courses that relate to the basic functions of a business, such as finance, management, marketing, and operations management.
Major courses:
Relate consumer behavior theories to product development, pricing, promotion, distribution and customer management. Then, see how companies use these concepts to build strategies, reach international markets and uncover new opportunities.
Electives and minors:
Will you be crafting taglines, designing a startup’s brand or diving deep into consumer habits? Minors and electives direct your marketing knowledge toward these and more paths.
Learn more about adding a minor or certificate
.
Career readiness requirement:
Explore careers in business, develop key competencies valued by employers, graduate with real world experience, and develop leadership tools to get you ready for your career.
Scholarships
Warrington awards scholarships to undergraduates each year.
These one-time, term-based awards range from $500 to $2,000. For consideration, interested students are advised to submit their Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA®) and Warrington’s undergraduate scholarship application.
Types of awards include:
Merit- and need-based awards:
Stay focused on your next major goal with a scholarship that recognizes all you’ve achieved so far.
Florida Bright Futures:
High high school grades can result in lower costs — including a scholarship that covers 100% of all tuition and fees.
Review levels for this award, eligibility requirements, and how to apply
.
Region-specific awards:
Live in Tampa, Palm Beach, Polk County or another Florida region? You may be eligible for a scholarship that offsets the cost of tuition or study abroad expenses.
Study abroad awards:
About half of Warrington undergraduates complete a study abroad experience before they graduate. For many students, scholarships that partially cover tuition or living expenses make these trips possible.
Explore all scholarships and apply
Craft your success story here
In the business world, “marketing” isn’t just a buzzword. Instead, it reflects a specific discipline that elevates a brand above its competitors and attracts an audience.
Warrington recognizes that you also have a brand — and you get to determine where it goes. In the meantime, we’ll supply you with the tools to craft it:
Get business ready:
Prepare to think fast, collaborate, use the latest technologies, build relationships and navigate the global business world with confidence.
Learn more about our approach
.
Leadership development:
Understand when to take charge — and when to let others take the floor — in a variety of leadership programs.
Learn more about leadership development
.
Mentorship:
Success runs through the Warrington community — and much of it goes back to a peer mentor who shows you around campus and into the workforce.
Explore mentorship at Warrington
.
Study abroad:
Immerse yourself in another region’s culture, business practices and market characteristics for a semester or longer.
Explore study abroad programs
.
Career guidance:
During your time at Warrington, you’ll meet with a career advisor to assemble a workforce-ready résumé and graduate with a job in line with your skills.
Learn more about our top-ranked approach to career development
.
Flexibility:
Can’t make it to class because of an internship, career fair, or networking event? For select requirements, your coursework is also available online, letting you keep pace with everything else on your plate.
Admission requirements
See where data, strategy, and human nature intersect (and all they can do) as a marketing major at Warrington.
Learn more about the admissions process
, or review requirements based on how you’ll apply:
Incoming freshmen:
Apply directly to UF, starting with the undergraduate application and selecting marketing as your major.
Review requirements and apply
.
Innovation Academy:
Spend the spring and summer semesters studying marketing and earning an Innovation minor. Then, use your fall to personalize your studies — perhaps with an internship or study abroad trip.
Learn more about Innovation Academy before you apply
.
Transfer to UF:
Arriving with some college credits or a completed associate degree? If you previously studied marketing or a related discipline, Warrington evaluates your application to give you the go-ahead for our BSBA program.
Learn more about transferring to UF
.
Change your major:
Still searching for the right fit? As long as your requirements are on track, switch your major to marketing to embark on a career studying and engaging consumers in multiple contexts.
Learn more about changing your major
.
Combination degrees:
Take master’s-level classes while fulfilling bachelor’s requirements, fast-tracking your career and saving money long term.
Explore all combination degree programs
.
Dual degrees:
Interested in earning a BSBA in Marketing plus another major at the University of Florida?
Understand who’s eligible to pursue a dual-degree pathway
and how to apply, whether you’re a business student expanding your horizons or a UF undergraduate curious about Warrington’s offerings.
Related programs
Kind of quantitative yet also kind of creative? You’ll find this combination in the bachelor’s in marketing, as well as the following programs:
BSBA in Management
BSBA in Information Systems
BABA in General Studies
Build your brand. Create your career.
Miller Retail Center
Miller Retail Center
New products, social media campaigns, email blasts and vendor contracts keep a retail outfit competitive — and often go back to its marketing department. Through this Center’s undergraduate programming, you’ll get a preview of how these and more initiatives take shape in e-commerce and similar sectors.
Consider a retail career
Marketing competitions
Marketing competitions
How quickly and effectively can you strategize? These challenges related to sales, international campaigns, digital channels or other marketing methods test and reward your skills and creativity.
Internships
Internships
Observe brainstorming and planning sessions. Get tips for conducting more detailed market research. Or see how the selling process yields results in the field.
Explore our sales and retail internships
Courses
Realize the reasoning behind consumer purchasing patterns while getting familiar with standard market research tools, promotion and pricing methods, and distribution channels.
In addition to general studies, here are the business classes marketing majors are required to take:
Core courses
The Legal Environment of Business
Introduces the legal environment of business and emphasizes the social, political and ethical aspects of legal issues in business.
Business Finance
Students will understand the role of finance within a firm, society and an economic system.
International Business
Students will understand how components impact business decision-making in countries worldwide.
Principles of Management
A broad overview of management that will help you become a better manager and better team member.
Principles of Marketing
Students will understand the role of marketing within society and an economic system.
Operations and Supply Chain Management
Introduces the concepts of operations management and supply chain management.
Statistics for Business Decisions
Covers correlation and linear regression, model building, multiple regression and more that impact business decisions.
Foundations of Business Analytics and Artificial Intelligence
Introduces the basics of data analytics and machine learning using Python.
Consumer Behavior
Emphasizes both descriptive and conceptual analysis of consumer behavior.
Marketing Management
Analyzes marketing strategies involving product and brand development, channels of distribution and pricing and promotion.
Electives
Business Data Communications
Examines various telecommunication systems, the use of local and wide area networks, and wireless technologies.
Business Processes and Accounting Information System
This course provides an examination of the accounting information systems in a business organization.
Business Systems 1
Introduces the basic tools for building business systems using object-oriented and event-driven programming paradigms.
Business Systems 2
Continues developing the basic tools for building business systems using object-oriented and event-driven programming paradigms.
Business Systems Design and Applications
Conceptual foundations of the process, data and object-oriented approaches for business systems.
Computing in the Business Environment
Presents fundamental concepts from the perspectives of the business computer user and the corporate business computing environment.
Cost and Managerial Accounting
Applying economic principles and analytic skills to provide financial data for a management control system.
Creativity and Innovation in the Business Environment
Examination of the creative process and organizational environment of several innovative organizations.
Database Management
Introductory course on database management covering stages in the database development process.
Debt and Money Markets
Covering financial markets, as well as institutions and instruments associated with debt funds.
Digital Marketing
Students learn how to use Python programming to analyze data and develop digital marketing solutions.
Effective Career Management
Based on the cognitive information processing theory for career problem-solving and decision-making.
Equity and Capital Markets
Covers financial markets, institutions associated with equity funds, and the mechanics of stock prices.
Estate and Tax Planning
A focus on the fundamentals of estate planning, including the transfers of wealth by gift or at death.
Ethics in Global Business
Explores issues promoting profitable but responsible commerce and socially beneficial business activity.
Financial Accounting and Reporting 1
Apply economic reasoning, accounting concepts, and generally accepted accounting principles to solve problems.
Financial Accounting and Reporting 2
Learn about financial accounting standards and rules to record complex transactions.
Financial Management
An examination of the theory and practice of managerial finance, financing, and investing decisions.
Financial Plan Development
Covers retirement needs, individual, corporate, and government retirement plans, plus group benefits plans.
Human Resource Management
Covers human resource areas such as employment planning, employment regulation, job analysis and others.
Information Systems and Operations Strategy
Policy and management issues surrounding information systems and operations management in today’s enterprises.
Integrated Product and Process Design 1
Engineering and business students partner with industry sponsors to create authentic products and processes.
Integrated Product and Process Design 2
Continuation of the two-course sequence where engineering and business students partner with industry sponsors.
Introduction to Financial Planning and Wealth Management
An examination of the financial planning process, professional conduct and regulation, and education planning.
Introduction to Retailing Systems and Management
This course focuses on functions, institutions and activities of retailing goods and services.
Introduction to Social Entrepreneurship
Covers skills and strategies of businesses to innovatively and sustainably solve problems.
Leadership
This covers the knowledge, skills, and foundation in leadership necessary to be effective in a variety of settings.
Leading Organizations
Provides the foundation for leadership practice in a variety of professions and increases the capacity to lead.
Managerial Operations Analysis 1
Introduces the concepts of management science and increases confidence using deterministic analytic models.
Managerial Operations Analysis 2
Students will learn stochastic modeling techniques and introductory visual basics.
Organizations: Structure and Behavior
Individual, group, and organizational issues that affect and shape businesses.
Principles of Entrepreneurship
Practical, hands-on understanding of the stages of the entrepreneurial process.
Professional Selling
Teaches the importance of the selling role and provides basic professional selling skills.
Professional Speaking in Business
Teaches students communication skills for succeeding in business, including presentations, speeches, interpersonal skills and interviewing.
Professional Writing in Business
Designed to teach business students fundamental written communication skills, focusing on those areas central to professional writing in business.
Real Estate Analysis
Principles of real estate decision-making within the context of our economic, social, legal and political governmental systems.
Real Estate Investment Decision Making
Explores real estate investment and the skills of decision-making for those who make investments.
Risk Management and Insurance
How to identify and handle risk while introducing life, health, property, liability and other areas of insurance.
Sales Management
Focused on principles, methods, and problems relating to the management of a sales force.
Special Topics in Entrepreneurship
Past topics have included Business Plan Lab, Small and Family Business, and Dilemmas and Debates.
Special Topics in Finance
Highlighting special topics in finance fields of study.
Strategic Management
Evaluation of the key functions of organizations and integration of these functions to achieve competitive advantages.
Careers with a bachelor’s in marketing
Multichannel campaigns equal multiple (and wide-reaching) entry points into the marketing field — from quantitative research to brand or social media management to sales, advertising or public relations.
Warrington students pursue these roles in-house, for agencies or consulting firms, or as entrepreneurs. As an additional possibility, some students build upon what they know about human behavior and market trends with a graduate degree in business, law, real estate or another related field.
$67,000
3-year average salary for BSBA in Marketing graduates.
49.3%
Job placement for graduates outside of the southeastern United States.
8%
More positions for advertising, promotions, and marketing managers are projected through 2033.
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
Where our graduates work
The program prepares you for careers in sales, marketing and retail:
Account Coordinator/Executive
Associate Account Manager
Business Development Representative
Category Account Executive
Client Success Associate
Consumer Product Sales Representative
Customer Success Manager
Field Sales and Marketing Representative
Sales Consultant
Sales Development Program Trainee
Sales Management Associate
Technology Sales Consultant
Territory Account Associate
Territory Sales Lead
Assistant Brand Manager
Associate Marketing Analyst/Manager
Brand Advocate Analyst
Digital Content Strategist
Digital Marketing Specialist
Events Marketing Specialist
Marketing Account Executive
Marketing Analyst/Assistant/Associate
Marketing Coordinator
Marketing Leadership Program Associate
Marketing Management Trainee
Social Activation Associate
Social Media Coordinator
Sports Marketing Coordinator
Assistant Buyer/Merchant
Assistant/Digital Site Merchandiser
E-Commerce Merchandising Coordinator
Executive Team Leader
Global Merchandising Planning Associate
Merchandising Trainee
Student organizations
Forget about business cards. Personal and professional connections begin with conversations and authentic engagement. As a marketing major, you’ll have a chance to talk tactics and more in the UF chapter of the American Marketing Association, Pi Sigma Epsilon Professional Selling Fraternity or the Retail Society.
Browse all student organizations at Warrington
Faculty
Marketing strategies evolve. As a department, we ask ourselves why and study the economic conditions, platforms, and more factors that could be driving consumers in a different direction. This pursuit both translates to a nationally recognized level of research activity and a cutting-edge, real-world-applicable undergraduate curriculum.
Richard Lutz, Ph.D.
Peter S. Sealey Ph.D. Professorship
Chair Marketing Department
Research areas: Advertising response, Consumer behavior
Valeria Marcia, Ph.D.
Lecturer
Research areas: Digital marketing, Marketing management
Siân Morgan, MBA, M.Sc.
Lecturer
Research areas: Marketing management, Consumer behavior
Meet your instructors
The power of integrity
The biggest lesson that I took away from participating in the National Collegiate Digital Marketing Championship is the power of integrity and doing what is right or your best even when no one is watching. We were able to put the concept into practice by understanding how being genuine generates real connections with potential clients rather than telling them something they want to hear.
Cindy Chen (BSBA ’25)
1
/
n
A degree that gives you visibility
Learn to master the fundamentals of marketing in Warrington’s BSBA in Marketing program.
Contact an admissions counselor
Visit us
Start your application