URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/undergraduate/baba-general-studies
TITLE: Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration- UF Warrington College of Business

BABA in General Studies program
Program length
120 credits
Full time: 4 years
Application deadline
Freshmen
Transfer
Schedule format
On campus
Mixed between full-length semester courses and 8 week modules.
In-person, online and hybrid courses
Why major in general studies at Warrington?
Criminology. Tourism. History. Healthcare. These interests couldn’t be more different. But one factor ties them all together: the need for a solid business background to start a career.
From entry-level to executive, employees are expected to balance budgets, develop growth strategies, organize teams and use technology. That’s the case if you’re on Wall Street, promoting an athletic franchise or training to become a lawyer.
Recognizing just how universal these skills are, the University of Florida Warrington College of Business designed the Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration program in general studies for all these passion-fueled possibilities.
This stackable, customizable degree pairs business basics with boundless exploration:
Build a broad business foundation from eight core business classes.
Diversify your studies with a specialization and flexible business electives.
Grow knowledge of a niche industry, acquire an in-demand skill set or prepare for an international career.
Fulfill entry requirements for law school, medical school or another professional program while learning how businesses operate.
Ready to get started?
Make your next move and discover more about Warrington and our bachelor’s in business administration program.
Contact an admissions counselor
Sign up for a tour with the Diplomats
Start your application
BABA in General Studies facts and figures
Customize your career with a buildable business degree.
2,151
Students enrolled on campus and online.
79
Total specializations that cover 70 different disciplines.
#14
Among U.S. Publics and #24 in the nation.
U.S. News & World Report
, 2026 Best Undergraduate Business Programs
Areas of specialization
The BABA program includes almost 80 specializations for you to choose from academic programs across the University of Florida. From A to Z, there’s an option that likely meets your interest.
Explore your specialization options
What do general studies majors do at Warrington?
Pursue your curiosity right now to prepare for your career tomorrow. Here’s how the BABA program works:
Business core:
Students take foundation courses in economics, mathematics, computing skills, and accounting; core courses that relate to the basic functions of a business, such as finance, management, marketing, and operations management.
Business electives:
Sample a bit of everything — entrepreneurship to money markets to business analytics. Or concentrate on a single discipline with a minor.
Learn more about electives
.
Specializations:
From agriculture to zoology, you can venture in any direction or add a couple more courses to earn a minor. Popular selections include Retailing, Wealth Management, Entrepreneurship, Professional Selling, Real Estate, Pre-Law, Pre-Health, Mass Communication, Sport Management, Travel and Tourism Management, or a foreign language.
Explore all 79 possible specializations
.
Career readiness requirement:
Explore careers in business, develop key competencies valued by employers, graduate with real world experience, and develop leadership tools to get you ready for your career.
Scholarships
Warrington awards scholarships to undergraduates each year.
These one-time, term-based awards range from $500 to $2,000. For consideration, interested students are advised to submit their Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA®) and Warrington’s undergraduate scholarship application.
Types of awards include:
Merit- and need-based awards:
Stay focused on your next major goal with a scholarship that recognizes all you’ve achieved so far.
Florida Bright Futures:
High school grades can result in lower costs — including a scholarship that covers 100% of all tuition and fees.
Review levels for this award, eligibility requirements, and how to apply
.
Region-specific awards:
Live in Tampa, Palm Beach, Polk County or another Florida region? You may be eligible for a scholarship that offsets the cost of tuition or study abroad expenses.
Study abroad awards:
About half of Warrington undergraduates complete a study abroad experience before they graduate. For many students, scholarships that partially cover tuition or living expenses make these trips possible.
Explore all scholarships and apply
Craft your success story here
Your journey is what you make of it. As you follow your own path, Warrington supplies you with the tools and experiences to arrive at your desired destination.
Business-ready competencies:
When the market wants culturally aware critical thinkers who can draw from data, that’s who we help you become.
Learn more about our approach
.
Leadership development:
Understand how to communicate your ideas, motivate teams, solve challenges and achieve results through teamwork.
Learn more about leadership development
.
Mentorship:
Get a firsthand perspective of the Warrington experience from a peer mentor — including how to find internships and prepare for interviews.
Explore mentorship at Warrington
.
Career guidance:
Every BABA student takes a different, personalized route into the workforce. We’ll help you plan yours.
Learn more about our top-ranked approach to career development
.
Flexibility:
Select classes let you attend in person or log in online — convenient when you have an internship, a research presentation or a job interview on your calendar.
Admission requirements
Lead with your dreams and design your future with Warrington’s bachelor’s in general business degree program.
Learn more about the admissions process
, or review requirements based on how you’ll apply:
Incoming freshmen:
Apply to UF, starting with the undergraduate application and selecting general studies as your major.
Review requirements and apply
.
PaCE:
Students who apply as incoming freshmen may be selected for the
Pathway to College Enrollment program
.
Innovation Academy:
Spend the spring and summer semesters studying business and earning an Innovation minor. Then, use your fall to personalize your studies — perhaps with an internship or study abroad trip.
Learn more about Innovation Academy before you app
ly.
Transfer to UF:
Arriving with some college credits or a completed associate degree? If you previously studied business or a related discipline, Warrington evaluates your application to give you the go-ahead for our BABA program.
Learn more about transferring to UF
.
Online BABA:
Craft your career from wherever you are.
Learn more about the Online BABA program
before you apply through UF Online.
Change your major:
Still searching for the right fit? As long as your requirements are on track, switch to the BABA program to study business alongside another subject area.
Learn more about changing your major
.
Combination degrees:
Take master’s-level classes while fulfilling bachelor’s requirements, fast-tracking your career and saving money long term.
Explore all combination degree
programs.
Dual degrees:
Interested in pursuing general studies plus another major at the University of Florida?
Understand who’s eligible to pursue a dual-degree pathway
and how to apply, whether you’re a business student expanding your horizons or a UF undergraduate curious about Warrington’s offerings.
Related programs
Go broad with a BABA. Or focus your exploration of business with any of the following programs:
BSBA in Management
BSBA in Information Systems
BSBA in Marketing
Develop expertise and experience
Internships
Internships
Multiple skill sets equal multiple opportunities in the workforce. Preview the possibilities with Warrington’s internship requirement before you embark on a career with tons of potential.
Learn more about internships
Study abroad
Study abroad
Contemplating a globe-spanning career? Complement your studies with a semester or more abroad, where you’ll directly experience another country’s cultural and business practices.
Study business overseas
Case competitions
Case competitions
Teamwork brings the trophy back to Warrington! For these sponsored competitions, you’ll strategize with other students before facing off against other business schools.
Learn more about case competitions
Courses
Products, services, and audiences vary across industries. But one thing is certain no matter where you go: Effective employees are ready to manage teams, budgets, and processes to achieve organizational goals. See how you’ll acquire these skills.
In addition to general education and specialization requirements, here are the business classes general studies majors are required to take:
Core courses
Business Finance
Students will understand the role of finance within a firm, society and an economic system.
Foundations of Business Analytics & Artificial Intelligence
Introduces the basics of data analytics and machine learning using Python.
International Business
Students will understand how components impact business decision-making in countries worldwide.
Introduction to Public Speaking
Theory and practice presenting public speeches.
Principles of Management
A broad overview of management that will help you become a better manager and better team member.
Principles of Marketing
Students will understand the role of marketing within society and an economic system.
Operations and Supply Chain Management
Introduces the concepts of operations management and supply chain management.
Statistics for Business Decisions
Covers correlation and linear regression, model building, multiple regression and more that impact business decisions.
The Legal Environment of Business
Introduces the legal environment of business and emphasizes the social, political and ethical aspects of legal issues in business.
Writing and Speaking in Business
Learn the fundamentals of communication while preparing for the demands of the business workspace.
Electives
Business Data Communications 1
Examines various telecommunication systems, the use of local and wide area networks and wireless technologies.
Business Processes and Accounting Information System 2
This course provides an examination of the accounting information systems in a business organization.
Business Systems 1
Introduces the basic tools for building business systems using object-oriented and event-driven programming paradigms.
Business Systems 2
Continues developing the basic tools for building business systems using object-oriented and event-driven programming paradigms.
Business Systems Design and Applications
Conceptual foundations of the process, data and object-oriented approaches for business systems.
Computing in the Business Environment
Presents fundamental concepts from perspectives of the business computer user and the corporate business computing environment.
Consumer Behavior
Emphasizes both descriptive and conceptual analysis of consumer behavior.
Cost and Managerial Accounting
Applying economic principles and analytic skills to provide financial data for a management control system.
Creativity and Innovation in the Business Environment
Examination of the creativity process and organizational environment of several innovative organizations.
Database Management
Introductory course on database management covering stages in the database development process.
Debt & Money Markets
Covering financial markets, as well as institutions and instruments associated with debt funds.
Digital Marketing
Students learn how to use Python programming to analyze data and develop digital marketing solutions.
Effective Career Management
Based on the cognitive information processing theory for career problem solving and decision-making.
Equity & Capital Markets
Covers financial markets, institutions associated with equity funds, and the mechanics of stock prices.
Estate & Tax Planning
Learn the fundamentals of estate planning through trusts, guardianships and post-mortem planning.
Ethics in Global Business
Explores issues promoting profitable but responsible commerce and socially beneficial business activity.
Financial Accounting and Reporting 1
Apply economic reasoning, accounting concepts and generally accepted accounting principles to solve problems.
Financial Accounting and Reporting 2
Learn about financial accounting standards and rules to record complex transactions.
Financial Management
An examination of the theory and practice of managerial finance, financing and investing decisions.
Financial Plan Development
Covers retirement needs, individual, corporate and government retirement plans, plus group benefits plans.
Information Systems and Operations Strategy
Policy and management issues surrounding information systems and operations management in today’s enterprises.
Integrated Product and Process Design 1
Engineering and business students partner with industry sponsors to create authentic products and processes.
Integrated Product and Process Design 2
Continuation of the two-course sequence where engineering and business students partner with industry sponsors.
Introduction to Financial Planning & Wealth Management
An examination of the financial planning process, professional conduct and regulation, and education planning.
Introduction to Retailing Systems and Management
This course focuses on functions, institutions, and activities of retailing goods and services.
Introduction to Social Entrepreneurship
Covers skills and strategies of business to innovatively and sustainably solve problems.
Leadership
This covers the knowledge, skills, and foundation in leadership necessary to be effective in a variety of settings.
Leading Organizations
Provides foundation for leadership practice in a variety of professions and increases the capacity to lead.
Managerial Operations Analysis 1
Introduces the concepts of management science and increases confidence using deterministic analytic models.
Managerial Operations Analysis 2
Students will learn stochastic modeling techniques and introductory visual basic.
Marketing Management
Analyzes marketing strategies involving product and brand development, channels of distribution, and pricing and promotion.
Professional Writing in Business
Designed to teach business students fundamental written communication skills, focusing on those areas central to professional writing in business.
Professional Selling
This teaches the importance of the selling role and provides basic professional selling skills.
Professional Speaking in Business
Teaches students communication skills for succeeding in business, including presentations, speeches, interpersonal skills and interviewing.
Principles of Entrepreneurship
Practical, hands-on understanding of the stages of the entrepreneurial process.
Real Estate Analysis
Principles of real estate decision making within the context of our economic, social, legal, and political governmental systems.
Real Estate Investment Decision Making
Explores real estate investment and the skills of decision-making for those who make investments.
Risk Management and Insurance
How to identify and handle risk while introducing life, health, property, liability and other areas of insurance.
Sales Management
Focused on principles, methods, and problems relating to the management of a sales force.
Special Topics in Entrepreneurship
Past topics have included Business Plan Lab, Small and Family Business, and Dilemmas & Debates.
Special Topics in Finance
Highlighting special topics in finance fields of study.
Careers with a general business major
“That’s different!” You’ll hear many describe the BABA this way — and our alumni’s careers confirm it.
When someone asks, “What can I do with a bachelor’s in business administration?” it’s more like, “What can’t you do?” Students begin careers in business, law, healthcare, government, public service, entertainment, banking and more industries. Or they use their education to enter graduate school or a professional program.
$68,400
Average salary for BABA graduates.
963K
New openings are projected each year for business and financial occupations through 2033.
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
23%
More roles for operations research analysts are projected through 2033.
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
Where our graduates work
Job titles
Account Executive
Analyst
Business Analyst
Business Development Associate
Corporate Treasury Analyst
District Manager
Financial Advisor
Management Trainee
Marketing Manager
Private Banking Analyst
Product Manager
Sales Associate
Sales Management Associate
Trade Marketing
Wealth Management Analyst
Student organizations
There’s at least one crew for you, whether you want to talk business, grow as a leader or represent the Warrington student body.
Browse all student organizations at Warrington
Faculty
Expert instruction is integral to the Warrington experience. However you structure your degree, expect to learn business from researchers, former executives and entrepreneurs.
Robert Emerson
Huber Hurst Professor
Research areas: Alternative Methods of Dispute Resolution, Attorneys, Business Litigation, Comparative Law, Contracts, Ethics and Franchising
Alan David Cooke
Egbert R. Beall/Beall’s Department Stores, Inc. Faculty Fellow
Associate Professor
Research areas: Consumer Behavior, Consumer Choice, Decision Making, Price Perception and Psychological Scaling
Lindy Archambeau
Instructional Assistant Professor
Courses taught: Business Policy, Individual Work in Management, Principles of Management, Special Topics and Strategic Management
Meet your instructors
A strong foundation
Being able to combine a strong foundation in business with a specialization in mass communication has allowed me to explore both the analytical and creative sides of the business world. I’ve really appreciated how the program encourages a more interdisciplinary approach. It has helped me better understand how people think, how to communicate effectively, and how to apply business concepts in different industries. It has also opened doors for internships, leadership roles, and professional development opportunities that have shaped both my college experience and my career goals.
Maria Serfaty (BABA ’26)
1
/
n
Build from business to pursue your passion
Mix, match, and make the future you want with a bachelor’s in business administration degree from Warrington.
Contact an admissions counselor
Visit Warrington
Start your application