URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/undergraduate/bachelor-of-science-accounting
TITLE: Bachelor of Science Accounting - UF Warrington College of Business

Bachelor of Science in Accounting program
Program length
4 years
3/2 Program (BSAc/MAcc): 5 Years
Application deadline
Freshmen
Transfer
Format
On-campus
Why major in accounting at Warrington?
How’s a business doing? Just ask its team of accountants. They’ll have an answer (plus all supporting documents) about financial health, regulatory compliance, taxes paid and potential growth opportunities.
In one of the country’s top 10 public undergraduate accounting programs (U.S. News & World Report), you’ll understand how to draw and present these conclusions. The University of Florida’s Bachelor of Science in Accounting degree, offered through Warrington’s Fisher School of Accounting, dives into the field’s fundamental areas — financial and managerial accounting, taxation, auditing and accounting information systems.
For a comprehensive, contemporary perspective, you’ll explore them alongside general business and quantitative courses plus increasingly vital data, AI and technical tools.
Guided by leading faculty researchers and thought leaders, this rigorous approach prepares you for three paths. Pursue advanced, specialized training via our 3/2 Program, enter the workforce directly, or build from your financial knowledge to study law or business at the graduate level.
Most accounting majors are seeking additional accounting education beyond the foundation provided by an undergraduate degree and go on to complete a graduate degree in accounting. Students enrolled in the BSAc Program are eligible to apply for early admission to graduate school via our combined
3/2 Program
.
Some students enter the Fisher School of Accounting with the intention of limiting their accounting studies at the University of Florida to undergraduate coursework. These students often view the BSAc degree as providing valuable preparation for post-graduate studies in areas other than accounting (e.g., law) or may intend to complete graduate accounting studies at another institution.
Ready to get started?
Make your next move and discover more about Warrington and our accounting major.
Contact the Fisher School
Visit us
Start your application
Online resources:
Accounting+
provides information about the vast opportunities in the accounting field.
This Way to CPA
includes information about the CPA profession and opportunities the license provides.
What Can I Do With This Major?
provides an overview of career opportunities for accounting majors, including non-CPA options.
Accounting facts and figures
It all adds up to a future full of possibilities at the Fisher School of Accounting.
601
Students enrolled in the Bachelor of Science in Accounting program in Fall 2025.
#5
Among U.S. Publics and #8 in the nation for undergraduate accounting programs.
U.S. News & World Report
, 2026 Best Undergraduate Business Programs.
#9
CPA exam pass rate in the nation among 204 large programs and #22 among all 721 academic institutions having at least 10 candidates taking part in the CPA exam in 2024.
The Fisher School of Accounting
UF started offering accounting courses in 1923, and after five decades of momentum, a dedicated school took shape. Now housed in Gerson Hall, Fisher is one of the country’s only freestanding accounting schools and encourages a high level of collaboration between students and prominent faculty researchers.
Explore the Fisher School of Accounting
About the Bachelor of Science in Accounting degree
The Bachelor of Science in Accounting degree is a four year program that provides an excellent foundation in accounting and business. The program prepares students for success in a constantly evolving business environment and prepares students for graduate studies.
At the Fisher School of Accounting, you’ll learn about accounting principles, tax laws and financial and statistical concepts. Then, you’ll see how these essentials help you create reports, analyze statements, prepare tax documents and budgets, audit, and enforce regulations.
But today’s accountants aren’t rank-and-file professionals. Their work forms the backbone and strategy of every business, and at Warrington, you’ll realize this connection early on.
Here, an introduction to AI and analytics expose you to the complex problem-solving accountants do. You’ll also acquire the skills needed to automate audits with AI and understand how data becomes new projects, services or products.
When you choose a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from the Fisher School of Accounting, you’ll benefit from an academic experience that readies you for a successful career in many fields.
While professional accountants can serve in many capacities, many BSAc graduates go on to become licensed as Certified Public Accountants. Students are cautioned that completion of the BSAc degree will not satisfy the licensure requirements to practice as a CPA in the State of Florida, and may not satisfy the requirements in other states or jurisdictions.
For information regarding eligibility to sit for the CPA exam, and obtain CPA licensure, for all states and jurisdictions, visit the
National Association of State Boards of Accountancy
.
Financial aid and scholarships
The Fisher School offers limited scholarships in both the Bachelor of Science in Accounting and Master of Accounting programs. Current students are encouraged to explore all opportunities for financial aid and scholarships.
Explore Fisher School financial aid offerings
Additional financial aid opportunities are available through the University of Florida for undergraduates. Prospective students should work with the university Office of Student Financial Aid and Scholarships.
Explore all scholarships and aid
3/2 Program
Eager to learn more about auditing, taxation and higher-level accounting functions? Give yourself a running start in our 3/2 Program. If accepted, you’ll be granted early admission to the Graduate School and earn a bachelor’s and master’s in accounting in five years.
Learn how the 3/2 Program works
Admissions requirements
Newly admitted UF Freshman:
Students who select accounting as their major upon admission to the University of Florida will automatically be classified as accounting majors. These students will keep their accounting classification as long as they meet certain benchmarks of academic performance each semester (including compliance with all Universal Tracking requirements).
Start your UF application
Junior transfers (from other institutions):
To continue your accounting studies at Warrington,
review all admission criteria
and how our selection process works before applying.
UF Junior transfer application
Current students wanting to change majors
: Current UF students seeking to change majors to accounting should review the
requirements
, and then meet with a Fisher School academic advisor.
Non-degree courses:
The Fisher School of Accounting does not permit students to take accounting courses,
with few exceptions
, unless they are enrolled in a degree-seeking program at UF.
Get attention. Get experience. Get hired.
Recruiting
Recruiting
Public accounting firms, including the Big 4, in addition to corporations and government agencies, seek students like you for their Summer Leadership Programs, internships and full-time offers. You might also meet your future employer at one of our large recruiting events that we encourage all students to attend.
Student organizations
Student organizations
When you invest in your dreams, you talk about them — including with others who’ve found that coveted internship or first role. Accounting-related student organizations help you build connections on campus and beyond, develop professionally, and engage in scholarship.
Browse accounting student organizations
Volunteer Income Tax Assistance
Volunteer Income Tax Assistance
You’ll prepare and file many tax documents during your career, so why not get a head start now? Participating in VITA gives you practice and a chance to serve the greater Gainesville community.
Learn more about VITA
Related business programs
Know your way around numbers? Love immersing yourself in a new language or the world’s economies? You might additionally be interested in one of the following programs:
Bachelor’s in Finance
Bachelor’s in Information Systems
Bachelor’s in General Business
View all programs
Courses
Two factors influence the Bachelor of Science in Accounting curriculum: Every business needs at least one accountant, and every business discipline benefits from accounting’s insights.
In addition to general studies, here are some of the business classes accounting majors may take:
Core courses
Principles of Microeconomics
Introduces students to relevant microeconomics issues and develops a solid foundation.
Survey of Calculus 1
Emphasizes calculus’ applications to business, economics and social sciences.
Principles of Macroeconomics
Introduces students to relevant macroeconomics issues and develops a solid foundation.
Professional Business Writing
Teaches students written communication skills to express their ideas in the workplace.
Survey of Calculus 2
Teaches concepts of integral calculus with a focus on applications in business, accounting and finance.
Introduction to Financial Accounting
Introductory course develops an understanding of the environment, role and basic principles of financial accounting.
Problem-Solving Using Computer Software
A thorough exploration of word processing, spreadsheet management, data analysis and graphical display of data.
Introduction to Managerial Accounting
Understand how managers use accounting information for planning, performance evaluation and decision-making purposes.
Introduction to Statistics
Utilize descriptive and inferential statistical methods in contextual situations.
Financial Accounting and Reporting 1
Apply economic reasoning, accounting concepts and generally accepted accounting principles to solve problems.
Principles of Management
A broad overview of management that will help you become a better manager and better team member.
Statistics for Business Decisions
Covers correlation and linear regression, model building, multiple regression and more that impact business decisions.
Business Finance
Students will understand the role of finance within a firm, society and an economic system.
Business Processes & Accounting Information Systems
This course examines the accounting information systems in a business organization.
Financial Accounting and Reporting 2
Learn about financial accounting standards and rules to record complex transactions.
Principles of Marketing
Students will understand the role of marketing within society and an economic system.
Foundations of Business Analytics & Artificial Intelligence
Introduces the basics of data analytics and machine learning using Python.
Cost and Managerial Accounting
Applying economic principles and analytic skills to provide financial data for a management control system.
International Business
Students will understand how components impact business decision-making in countries worldwide.
The Legal Environment of Business
Introduces the legal environment of business and emphasizes the social, political and ethical aspects of legal issues in business.
Introduction to Auditing
Examines professional and ethical standards relating to assurance services.
Introduction to Federal Income Tax
Designed to introduce the fundamentals of individual and business taxation.
Operations and Supply Chain Management
Introduces the concepts of operations management and supply chain management.
Electives
Business Data Communications 2
Examines various telecommunication systems, the use of local and wide area networks and wireless technologies.
Business Systems 1
Introduces the basic tools for building business systems using object-oriented and event-driven programming paradigms.
Business Systems 2
Continues developing the basic tools for building business systems using object-oriented and event-driven programming paradigms.
Business Systems Design and Applications
Conceptual foundations of the process, data and object-oriented approaches for business systems.
Computing in the Business Environment
Presents fundamental concepts from the perspectives of the business computer user and the corporate business computing environment.
Consumer Behavior
Emphasizes both descriptive and conceptual analysis of consumer behavior.
Creativity and Innovation in the Business Environment
Examination of the creative process and organizational environment of several innovative organizations.
Database Management
Introductory course on database management covering stages in a database development process.
Debt & Money Markets
Covering financial markets, as well as institutions and instruments associated with debt funds.
Digital Marketing
Students learn how to use Python programming to analyze data and develop digital marketing solutions.
Effective Career Management
Based on the cognitive information processing theory for career problem-solving and decision-making.
Equity & Capital Markets
Covers financial markets, institutions associated with equity funds, and the mechanics of stock prices.
Estate & Tax Planning
A focus on the fundamentals of estate planning, including the transfers of wealth by gift or at death.
Ethics in Global Business
Explores issues promoting profitable but responsible commerce and socially beneficial business activity.
Financial Management
An examination of theory and practice of managerial finance, financing and investing decisions.
Financial Plan Development
Covers retirement needs, individual, corporate and government retirement plans, plus group benefits plans.
Human Resource Management
Covers human resource areas such as employment planning, employment regulation, job analysis and others.
Information Systems and Operations Strategy
Policy and management issues surrounding information systems and operations management in today’s enterprises.
Integrated Product and Process Design 1
Engineering and business students partner with industry sponsors to create authentic products and processes.
Integrated Product and Process Design 2
Continuation of the two-course sequence where engineering and business students partner with industry sponsors.
Introduction to Financial Planning & Wealth Management
An examination of the financial planning process, professional conduct and regulation, and education planning.
Introduction to Retailing Systems and Management
This course focuses on functions, institutions, and activities of retailing goods and services.
Introduction to Social Entrepreneurship
Covers skills and strategies of businesses to innovatively and sustainably solve problems.
Leadership
This covers the knowledge, skills, and foundation in leadership necessary to be effective in a variety of settings.
Leading Organizations
Provides a foundation for leadership practice in a variety of professions and increases the capacity to lead.
Managerial Operations Analysis 1
Introduces the concepts of management science and increases confidence using deterministic analytic models.
Managerial Operations Analysis 2
Overview of stochastic applications of Management Science.
Marketing Management
Analyzes marketing strategies involving product and brand development, channels of distribution, and pricing and promotion.
Organizations: Structure and Behavior
Individual, group, and organizational issues that affect and shape businesses.
Principles of Entrepreneurship
Practical, hands-on understanding of the stages of the entrepreneurial process.
Professional Selling
This teaches the importance of the selling role and provides basic professional selling skills.
Professional Speaking in Business
Teaches students communication skills for succeeding in business, including presentations, speeches, interpersonal skills and interviewing.
Professional Writing in Business
Designed to teach business students fundamental written communication skills, focusing on those areas central to professional writing in business.
Real Estate Analysis
Principles of real estate decision-making within the context of our economic, social, legal and political governmental systems.
Real Estate Investment Decision Making
Explores real estate investment and the skills of decision-making for those who make investments.
Risk Management and Insurance
How to identify and handle risk while introducing life, health, property, liability and other areas of insurance.
Sales Management
Focused on principles, methods and problems relating to the management of a sales force.
Special Topics in Entrepreneurship
Past topics have included Business Plan Lab, Small and Family Business, and Dilemmas and Debates.
Special Topics in Finance
Highlighting special topics in finance fields of study.
Strategic Management
Evaluation of the key functions of organizations and integration of these functions to achieve competitive advantages.
Fully business ready
You know numbers, and you’re learning to do business — but how well will you navigate the workplace? Peer mentors, leadership development, problem-solving projects, case competitions and career guidance make sure you show up ready to collaborate and deliver.
Explore Fisher School current student information
What can you do with a bachelor’s in accounting?
How much money is coming in? Will it be enough to sustain operations? And is the company on top of tax payments? You’ll find accountants addressing these questions directly in any industry and for all types of companies — startups and small businesses to large corporate finance departments, government agencies and dedicated tax firms.
82.8%
Overall CPA pass rates for Fisher School of Accounting students who attempted in 2023.
#4
State of Florida’s rank for U.S. states with the highest employment level in accountants and auditors
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
5%
Greater demand for accountants and auditors through 2034.
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
Sample of places where Fisher School of Accounting graduates work
Selected job titles
Accountant
Advisory Associate
Audit Associate
Core Tax Associate
Deal Advisory & Strategy Associate
Digital Assurance & Transparency Associate
Forensic Accountant
Fund Accountant
Leadership Development Program
Program Finance Analyst
Staff Accountant
Staff Auditor
Tax Accountant
Tax Associate
Featured Fisher School of Accounting faculty
What might the future of accounting look like? Your professors will tell you. Out of the classroom, they publish in or edit leading industry journals, produce important scholarship, including on behalf of our
International Accounting and Auditing Center
, and participate in organizations that define how schools like Fisher teach. Your future faculty include:
Jill K. Goslinga
Grant Thornton Faculty Fellow
Instructional Associate Professor
Courses taught: Financial Accounting and Introduction to Financial Accounting
Lisa Hinson
EY Term Associate Professor
Research areas: Capital Markets, Revenue, Financial Statements, Reporting
Donald Monk
Clinical Associate Professor
Research areas: Accounting Industry Trends
Meet all accounting instructors
Fisher School sets you up for success
I truly had the best experience in the Fisher School and attribute much of my recent success to the incredible faculty and resources available to me during my studies.
Sarah Falkin (BSAc/MAcc ’23)
Forensic advisory associate at KPMG
1
/
n
Your future all adds up
There’s nothing uncertain or open to interpretation. With a Bachelor of Science in Accounting degree from the Fisher School, it’s completely clear what awaits.
Contact the Fisher School
Visit us
Review admission requirements