URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/undergraduate/bsba-information-systems
TITLE: Bachelor’s in Information Systems Degree- UF Warrington College of Business

BSBA in Information Systems program
Program length
120 credits
Full time: 4 years
Application deadlines
Freshmen
Transfer
Schedule format
On campus
Semester schedule
In-person, online and hybrid courses
Why major in information systems?
Can a business compete in the 21st century without technology?
Software, hardware, networks and data influence all aspects of an organization — from everyday efficiency, communication and information management to its defense against cyberattacks. Behind it all, a team of information systems professionals aligns these capabilities with a company’s operations and goals.
The University of Florida Warrington College of Business’ Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Information Systems program explores how and where technology supports organizations.
Your education kicks off with an overview of how all businesses work. Then, you see how systems, applications and databases help employees do their jobs, secure important assets and lay the groundwork for expansion.
But there’s more to Warrington than facts and functions. Because an always-evolving business environment demands agility and creativity, you get hands-on analytics and AI training, learn to be a leader, and have plenty of opportunities to problem-solve and grow your résumé.
This comprehensive, real-world-based approach produces well-rounded, solutions-creating professionals. More importantly, it sets you up to excel in roles requiring a mix of tech and business savvy.
Ready to get started?
Make your next move and discover more about Warrington and our information systems major.
Contact an admissions counselor
Visit us
Start your application
BSBA in Information Systems facts and figures
This is how you build, analyze, and strategize your way to the top.
469
Students enrolled in the information systems major.
#17
Among U.S. Publics and #21 in the nation for undergraduate information systems programs.
U.S. News & World Report
, 2023 Best Colleges
#14
Among U.S. Publics and #24 in the nation.
U.S. News & World Report
, 2026 Best Undergraduate Business Programs
Business analytics and AI
Today, all business professionals use data to some degree. As an information systems major at Warrington, you’ll be immersed in its languages and applications — including how to use past sales data to optimize supply chain configurations.
Explore our approach
What do information systems majors do at Warrington?
How do you select the right software or rapidly respond to network issues? What’s the best strategy to design a new system or store data? This is what you’ll learn (in the classroom and out) as an information systems major at Warrington:
Business core:
Students take foundation courses in economics, mathematics, computing skills, and accounting; core courses that relate to the basic functions of a business, such as finance, management, marketing, and operations management.
Major courses:
To help you create IT strategies, major courses introduce you to systems analysis, design and development — from best practices and database management to programming languages and real-world applications.
Electives and minors:
Strengthen your quantitative or programming skills to define your niche and give yourself an edge in the job market.
Discover all undergraduate minors and certificates
.
Career readiness requirement:
Explore careers in business, develop key competencies valued by employers, graduate with real world experience, and develop leadership tools to get you ready for your career.
Scholarships
Warrington awards scholarships to undergraduates each year.
These one-time, term-based awards range from $500 to $2,000. For consideration, interested students are advised to submit their Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA®) and Warrington’s undergraduate scholarship application.
Types of awards include:
Merit- and need-based awards:
Stay focused on your next major goal with a scholarship that recognizes all you’ve achieved so far.
Florida Bright Futures:
High high school grades can result in lower costs — including a scholarship that covers 100% of all tuition and fees.
Review levels for this award, eligibility requirements and how to apply.
Region-specific awards:
Live in Tampa, Palm Beach, Polk County or another Florida region? You may be eligible for a scholarship that offsets the cost of tuition or study abroad expenses.
Study abroad awards:
About half of Warrington undergraduates complete a study abroad experience before they graduate. For many students, scholarships that partially cover tuition or living expenses make these trips possible.
Explore all scholarships and apply
Craft your success story
Stories that enthrall start with a spark before picking up momentum. That means the plot — and its hero — can go just about anywhere.
Warrington empowers you to direct your career in this fashion — so you can craft your story opportunity by opportunity:
Business-ready competencies:
Learn to lead, think critically, collaborate, and integrate technology, so you graduate 100% ready for the job you want.
Understand our methods
.
Career guidance:
You can begin your career in a startup, Big Tech, or any other organization needing an IT strategy. Business Career Services works with you to plot your entry into the workforce and try out different types of jobs.
Learn more about our top-ranked career development services
.
Mentorship:
Get tips from your peers on finding internships, interviewing, and making the most of on-campus activities.
Explore mentorship at Warrington
.
Leadership programming:
Support and engage the UF community as you understand how to effectively motivate, delegate, and collaborate.
Learn more about leadership development
.
Flexibility:
Your schedule might be jam-packed with an internship, career development activities, research, and case competitions. To help you keep on top of assignments, Warrington offers many courses that allow you to attend class in person or log in online.
Admission requirements
See your success in systems, data analysis, or IT? Your first step is applying to UF.
Learn more about the admissions process
, or review requirements based on how you’ll apply:
Incoming freshmen:
Apply directly to UF, starting with the undergraduate application and selecting information systems as your major.
Review requirements and apply
.
Innovation Academy:
Spend the spring and summer semesters studying information systems and earning an Innovation minor. Then, use your fall to personalize your studies — perhaps with an internship or study abroad trip.
Learn more about Innovation Academy before you apply
.
Transfer to UF:
Arriving with some college credits or a completed associate degree? If you previously studied information systems or a related discipline, Warrington evaluates your application to give you the go-ahead for our BSBA program.
Learn more about transferring to UF
.
Change your major:
Still searching for the right fit? As long as your requirements are on track, consider switching your major to information systems to embark on a career combining IT, management, and innovation.
Learn more about changing your major
.
Combination degrees:
Take master’s-level classes while fulfilling bachelor’s requirements, fast-tracking your career and saving money long term.
Explore all combination degree programs
.
Dual degrees:
Interested in earning a BSBA in Information Systems plus another major at the University of Florida?
Understand who’s eligible to pursue a dual-degree pathway
and how to apply, whether you’re a business student expanding your horizons or a UF undergraduate curious about Warrington’s offerings.
Related programs
Consider a quantitative, tech-fueled career in information systems or any of the following programs:
BSBA in Finance
BSBA in Marketing
Bachelor of Science in Accounting
Test your knowledge. See what you’ll achieve.
Internships
Internships
See how IT departments react to network issues. Understand how systems analysts make decisions. And get a sense of where programming, data, and applications all fall into place with an internship.
See where you could intern
Case competitions
Case competitions
One of our sponsors poses a problem. What’s the solution? That’s up to you and your team to devise and present. These competitions attract business schools from across the U.S. and the world.
Strategize and win
Study abroad
Study abroad
Demand for IT and systems professionals stretches across the globe. Experience it for yourself during one of these trips where you’ll take classes and might even intern overseas for a semester or longer.
Plan your adventure
Courses
Your journey at Warrington begins with technology and business fundamentals. From here, you’ll learn to develop applications, deploy data, manage networks, and achieve productivity and operational goals.
In addition to general studies, here are the business classes information systems majors are required to take:
Core courses
The Legal Environment of Business
Introduces the legal environment of business and emphasizes the social, political and ethical aspects of legal issues in business.
Business Finance
Students will understand the role of finance within a firm, society and an economic system.
International Business
Students will understand how components impact business decision-making in countries worldwide.
Principles of Management
A broad overview of management that will help you become a better manager and better team member.
Principles of Marketing
Students will understand the role of marketing within society and an economic system.
Operations and Supply Chain Management
Introduces the concepts of operations management and supply chain management.
Statistics for Business Decisions
Covers correlation and linear regression, model building, multiple regression and more that impact business decisions.
Foundations of Business Analytics and Artificial Intelligence
Introduces the basics of data analytics and machine learning using Python.
Business Systems 1
Introduces the basic tools for building business systems using object-oriented and event-driven programming paradigms.
Business Systems 2
Continues developing the basic tools for building business systems using object-oriented and event-driven programming paradigms.
Business Systems Design and Applications
Conceptual foundations of the process, data, and object-oriented approaches for business systems.
Database Management
Introductory course on database management covering stages in the database development process.
Business Data Communications
Examines various telecommunication systems, the use of local and wide area networks, and wireless technologies.
Information Systems and Operations Strategy
Policy and management issues surrounding information systems and operations management in today’s enterprises.
Managerial Operations Analysis 1
Introduces the concepts of management science and increases confidence using deterministic analytic models.
Managerial Operations Analysis 2
Students will learn stochastic modeling techniques and introductory visual basics.
Electives
Business Processes and Accounting Information System
This course provides an examination of the accounting information systems in a business organization.
Computing in the Business Environment
Presents fundamental concepts from the perspectives of the business computer user and the corporate business computing environment.
Consumer Behavior
Emphasizes both descriptive and conceptual analysis of consumer behavior.
Cost and Managerial Accounting
Applying economic principles and analytic skills to provide financial data for a management control system.
Creativity and Innovation in the Business Environment
Examination of the creative process and organizational environment of several innovative organizations.
Debt and Money Markets
Covering financial markets, as well as institutions and instruments associated with debt funds.
Digital Marketing
Students learn how to use Python programming to analyze data and develop digital marketing solutions.
Effective Career Management
Based on the cognitive information processing theory for career problem-solving and decision-making.
Equity and Capital Markets
Covers financial markets, institutions associated with equity funds, and the mechanics of stock prices.
Estate and Tax Planning
Learn the fundamentals of estate planning through trusts, guardianships, and post-mortem planning.
Ethics in Global Business
Explores issues promoting profitable but responsible commerce and socially beneficial business activity.
Financial Accounting and Reporting 1
Apply economic reasoning, accounting concepts, and generally accepted accounting principles to solve problems.
Financial Accounting and Reporting 2
Learn about financial accounting standards and rules to record complex transactions.
Financial Management
An examination of the theory and practice of managerial finance, financing, and investing decisions.
Financial Plan Development
Covers retirement needs, individual, corporate, and government retirement plans, plus group benefits plans.
Human Resource Management
Covers human resource areas such as employment planning, employment regulation, job analysis, and others.
Integrated Product and Process Design 1
Engineering and business students partner with industry sponsors to create authentic products and processes.
Integrated Product and Process Design 2
Continuation of the two-course sequence where engineering and business students partner with industry sponsors.
Introduction to Financial Planning and Wealth Management
An examination of the financial planning process, professional conduct and regulation, and education planning.
Introduction to Retailing Systems and Management
This course focuses on functions, institutions, and activities of retailing goods and services.
Introduction to Social Entrepreneurship
Covers skills and strategies of businesses to innovatively and sustainably solve problems.
Leadership
This covers the knowledge, skills, and foundation in leadership necessary to be effective in a variety of settings.
Leading Organizations
Provides the foundation for leadership practice in a variety of professions and increases the capacity to lead.
Marketing Management
Analyzes marketing strategies involving product and brand development, channels of distribution, and pricing and promotion.
Organizations: Structure and Behavior
Individual, group, and organizational issues that affect and shape businesses.
Principles of Entrepreneurship
Practical, hands-on understanding of the stages of the entrepreneurial process.
Professional Selling
Teaches the importance of the selling role and provides basic professional selling skills.
Professional Speaking in Business
Teaches students communication skills for succeeding in business, including presentations, speeches, interpersonal skills, and interviewing.
Professional Writing in Business
Designed to teach business students fundamental written communication skills, focusing on those areas central to professional writing in business.
Real Estate Analysis
Principles of real estate decision-making within the context of our economic, social, legal, and political governmental systems.
Real Estate Investment Decision Making
Explores real estate investment and the skills of decision-making for those who make investments.
Risk Management and Insurance
How to identify and handle risk while introducing life, health, property, liability, and other areas of insurance.
Sales Management
Focused on principles, methods, and problems relating to the management of a sales force.
Special Topics in Entrepreneurship
Past topics have included Business Plan Lab, Small and Family Business, and Dilemmas and Debates.
Special Topics in Finance
Highlighting special topics in finance fields of study.
Strategic Management
Evaluation of the key functions of organizations and integration of these functions to achieve competitive advantages.
Careers with an information systems major
“Do tech companies look at information systems majors?” They do if they have a bachelor’s degree from Warrington. From IT and network security to support and supply chain management, this is where our alumni find themselves.
$80,700
Average salary for BSBA in Information Systems graduates.
33%
More positions for information security analysts are projected through 2033.
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
17%
More positions for computer and information systems managers are projected through 2033.
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
Where our graduates work
Job titles
Account Executive
Analyst
Analyst-Risk and Financial Advisory
Applications Analyst
Application Security Analyst
Associate
Associate Consultant
Business Analyst
Business Technology Analyst
CIO Advisory Associate
Consultant
Data Management Analyst
Digital Leadership Academy
Finance Analyst
Functional Cloud Analyst
Information Security Associate
Information Systems Analyst
Internal Audit and Financial Advisory-Technology Associate
Investment Banking Analyst
IT Generalist
Management Trainee
Operations Analyst
Project Analyst
Software Development Analyst
Technology Consulting Associate
Student organizations
Genuine connections ignite over shared interests and intensive discussions. Uncover your personal and professional network in UF’s information systems-related student groups, including the Association for Information Systems, Entrepreneurship & Innovation Center (CEI) Ambassadors, Entrepreneurship and Technology Club, Gatortech, and Innovation College Executives.
Browse all student organizations at Warrington
Faculty
At Warrington, the same professionals invested in your education are also invested in advancing the business applications of data and AI. Because of this, their discoveries influence what and how you learn about information systems.
Aditi Mukherjee
Instructional Associate Professor
Research areas: Behavioral Use of Information Systems and Knowledge Management
Megan E. Mocko
Senior Lecturer
Research areas: Statistics Education, Data Analytics, and Artificial Intelligence
Seema Bandyopadhyay
Instructional Associate Professor
Research areas: Design, Optimization of Computer Networks, and Performance Analysis
Meet your instructors
Shaping the future
Being able to dive into a community of other people that hadn’t started with technology and being able to explore those opportunities came together magically. That was how I got started. I knew that moving forward, I wanted to be a part of the conversations that are not only creating our present but shaping our future.
Nelly Wilson (BSBA ’17, MS-ISOM ’19)
Google
1
/
n
Discover a high-speed career
Technology powers possibilities across the business world. So power your own future with a BSBA degree in information systems from Warrington.
Contact an admissions counselor
Visit us
Start your application