URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/undergraduate/online-baba
TITLE: Online BA in Business Degree Program- UF Warrington College of Business

Online BABA program
Program length
120 credits
Length to degree completion varies based on a variety of factors
Application deadlines
Fall 2025: April 28
Spring 2026: September 2
Summer 2026: January 26
Format
Online
Asynchronous
Why earn an Online BABA at Warrington?
Criminology. Tourism. Communications. Psychology. These interests couldn’t be more different. But one factor ties them all together: the need for a solid business background to start a career.
The University of Florida Warrington College of Business’ Online Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration degree program serves as a gateway for all kinds of endeavors. Warrington takes this novel program a step further, offering all business and specialization coursework through our dynamic online format..
Let the nation’s top professors guide your introduction to business fundamentals.
Take the lead in your studies with a choice of application-based business electives and 11 specializations.
Transform your interests into an innovative career through the Online BABA’s customizable program structure.
Communicate and collaborate with your peers.
Grow your experience with a required internship and opt-in leadership and career development activities.
Continue your studies in one of the University of Florida’s 16-month accelerated MBA programs.
Ready to get started?
Make your next move and discover more about Warrington and our online bachelor’s in business administration programs.
Meet with our Admissions Coordinator
Start Your Application
Online BABA facts and figures
Our decades-long pursuit of a better online business degree has led us (and you) here.
#1
Best Online Bachelor’s in Business Programs.
U.S. News & World Report
, 2025 Rankings
2001
When Warrington started offering an online degree in business.
AACSB
Accredited online business program.
Heavener Career and Leadership Challenge
If admitted, you can set your success in motion in the challenge. Through a choose-your-own-adventure experience, Warrington’s optional career readiness program — built on our established competencies — encourages our students to put business theories into practice and acquire new skills.
Learn more about the challenge
About the Online BABA degree
Break away from average and circumvent expectations to craft a future that’s 100% yours. As an Online BABA student, you’ll begin with the building blocks of business before planning your path forward:
Get a thorough introduction to business:
Explore accounting, economics, business law, international business, finance, management, marketing and data analytics. Beyond principles, you’ll see how these areas help a business run, develop a strategic mindset and understand how to manage people, resources and processes.
Get broadly applicable business skills:
Prepare to analyze, manage, strategize and achieve goals in any industry through an expert-guided study of accounting, finance, marketing, data analytics, AI and other functional areas.
Lead with a game plan:
Do you see yourself as a leader, entrepreneur, or growth-driver? Electives in these areas show you several ways business applies in the real world.
Select a specialization:
Learn to captivate through your words and ideas. Dive deep into human behavior or a scientific discipline. Translate business to the entertainment industry.
Explore all specializations open to online students
.
Structure your degree around your life:
Whether you’re a full-time student or juggling a job, family and other obligations, you can adapt your course load to your availability — from a lighter semester (four to eight credits) to a full schedule (12 credits).
Tuition and scholarships
Amazing outcomes plus affordable tuition result in a return on investment you’ll find nowhere else. Through UF Online, you’ll pay 40% less than if you attended courses in person.
See how much a UF online business degree costs
.
On top of this, Warrington awards scholarships to undergraduates each year, including online students.
These one-time, term-based awards range from $500 to $2,000. For consideration, interested students are advised to submit their Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA®) and Warrington’s undergraduate scholarship application.
Types of awards include:
Merit- and need-based awards:
Stay focused on your next major goal with a scholarship that recognizes all you’ve achieved so far.
Region-specific awards:
Live in Tampa, Palm Beach, Polk County or another Florida region? You may be eligible for a scholarship that offsets the cost of tuition or study abroad expenses.
Study abroad awards:
About half of Warrington undergraduates complete a study abroad experience before they graduate. For many students, scholarships that partially cover tuition or living expenses make these trips possible.
Veterans and military benefits:
Whether you’re earning your degree overseas or wherever your mission takes you, Warrington invites veterans and current military members to apply for a whole host of benefits toward an Online BABA degree.
Explore all scholarships
What to expect in Warrington’s online bachelor’s in business programs
Log in to grow your grasp of business and professional network. Here’s how Warrington and UF Online support students enrolled in the online bachelor’s in business programs:
Access courses, free software, and assignments from any laptop, tablet, desktop, or smartphone to study wherever you’re located.
Plan your semester in advance — including assignments, exams, activities, and deadlines — with syllabi provided at the start of each course.
Get support: Connect with your professors, teaching assistants, academic advisors, UF Online OneStop and tech support in person and via email, phone, Zoom and Canvas.
Take charge of your education through the Online Student Center in
e-Learning
, where you’ll find a host of resources including orientation modules, advising information, program options, study tips, academic planning spreadsheets and UF contacts,
Admissions: Freshman, sophomores and high school AA
Freshman, sophomore, and high school AA applicants are admitted by the university. If you have any questions or if you’re a high school AA applicant, please contact the
UF Online Admissions Office
.
Transfer
Our college oversees admissions for junior level transfer applicants. Students who have 60+ credits, must complete our seven business prerequisite courses with a 3.0+ GPA prior to enrollment:
Intro to Financial Accounting (ACG 2021)
Intro to Managerial Accounting (ACG 2071)
Problem Solving Using Computers (CGS 2531) or equivalent course
Principles of Macroeconomics (ECO 2013)
Principles of Microeconomics (ECO 2023)
Survey of Calculus (MAC 2233) or Calculus 1 (MAC 2311)
Intro to Statistics (STA 2023)
Applicants may be conditionally admitted if they’ve completed 5 of the 7 required prerequisites (including Financial Accounting and Calculus) with a 3.4+ GPA and have the last 2 prerequisites in-progress at the time of application.  Note that junior and senior level business courses completed at other schools
will not
count toward our degree and will have to be retaken.
Prerequisite courses must be evaluated and deemed equivalent to our UF courses. Please review our
course equivalency webpage
for details.
Related programs
Online or in person, Warrington has an undergraduate business degree made for you.
Online BSBA in General Business
On-campus business degrees
Virtual courses. Veritable benefits.
Make time to meet up
Make time to meet up
Go beyond your screen straight to Gainesville. These periodic, optional in-person sessions see online undergraduate students convening on UF’s main campus to participate in activities, meet faculty and advisors, and attend a job fair.
Internship
Internship
Couple your customized exploration of business and beyond with an internship that engages all you’ve learned to date and provides an opportunity to build your network and resume for your next move.
Learn more about undergraduate internships
Courses
Think entrepreneurially. Position yourself for corporate roles. Or pursue the plethora of possibilities in between. Through Warrington’s Online BABA courses, you’ll learn to develop strategies, grow visibility, direct employees, oversee finances, and adapt to economic trends — skills that distinguish you in any field.
Prerequisite courses
Business Calculus
Learn how calculus concepts apply to real-world business and economic decisions.
Financial Accounting
Apply economic reasoning, accounting concepts and generally accepted accounting principles to solve problems.
Info Systems (or CGS alternative)
Policy and management issues surrounding information systems and operations management in today’s enterprises.
Intro to Statistics
An introduction to the concepts and applications of statistics.
Managerial Accounting
Applying economic principles and analytic skills to provide financial data for a management control system.
Macroeconomics
Learn the foundations of macroeconomics with how decision-making, in an environment of scarcity, maps onto the aggregate economy.
Microeconomics
Examine how individuals, households and firms make decisions when faced with limited resources.
Core courses
Besides the core courses listed below, students will also take 36 general education credits that your advisor will help you find.
Artificial Intelligence & Data Analytics
Introduces the basics of data analytics and machine learning using Python.
Business Law
Introduces the legal environment of business and emphasizes the social, political and ethical aspects of legal issues in business.
Business Finance
Students will understand the role of finance within a firm, society and an economic system.
Business Statistics
Covers correlation and linear regression, model building, multiple regression and more that impact business decisions.
International Business
Students will understand how components impact business decision-making in countries worldwide.
Operations Management
Introduces the concepts of operations management and supply chain management.
Principles of Management
A broad overview of management that will help you become a better manager and better team member.
Principles of Marketing
Students will understand the role of marketing within society and an economic system.
Required courses
Students choose one area of specialization from 11 options:
anthropology
,
business and economic geography
,
computer and information sciences
,
educational studies
,
event management
,
general studies in business
,
geology
,
mass communication
,
sociology
,
sport management
, and
tourism and hospitality management
. Students will take 3-4 specified courses in the area they choose.
In addition to the required courses listed below, students must also complete a business internship course and a minimum 150-hour, pre-approved internship.
Business Computing
Presents fundamental concepts from two perspectives: the individual business computer user and the corporate business computing environment.
Effective Career Management
Systematically designed course based on the cognitive information processing theory for career problem solving and decision-making.
Leading Organizations
Provides a foundation for leadership practice in a variety of professions and increases the capacity to lead with and without authority.
Professional Selling
Basic survey in professional selling. Teaches the importance of the selling role and provides basic professional selling skills.
Real Estate Analysis
Principles of real estate decision making within the context of our economic, social, legal and governmental systems.
Retail Management
Functions, institutions and activities of retailing goods and services.
Strategic Management
Deals with the strategy of organizations, giving students a knowledge of the theory and application of strategic management.
Writing & Speaking in Business
Designed to teach business students the fundamental communication skills necessary for succeeding in a business setting.
Careers with an online business degree
Watch possibility and potential coalesce into the career you’ve always pictured. With an online bachelor’s in business from Warrington, you can move up in your current organization, reach for new opportunities, begin your own business or start graduate school.
$58,800
Average salary for online BABA graduates.
963K
New openings are projected each year for business and financial occupations through 2033.
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
23%
More roles for operations research analysts are projected through 2033.
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
Where our graduates work
Job titles
Account Executive
Analyst
Commercial Advisor
Communication Specialist
Consumer Experience Specialist
Customer Success Account Manager
Global Real Estate Advisor
Inventory & Revenue Management Specialist
Marketing Analyst
Quality Assurance Associate
Sales Executive
Senior Legal Assistant
Career preparation
Business Career Services’ virtual door is open, and we welcome you to make an appointment or browse our resources. Reach out for résumé and job search tips, practice for an upcoming interview, or draw up a step-by-step plan to start a career in line with your skills and passions.
Explore Business Career Services
Faculty
Our faculty are respected researchers, visionary thought leaders, and sought-after experts. Teaching both on-campus and online undergraduate business classes, they deliver a uniform, uncompromised educational experience for all students.
John C. Banko
Wells Fargo Faculty Fellow
Instructional Associate Professor, Finance and Director of Wealth Management Program
Course taught: Business Finance
Amanda Phalin
Instructional Associate Professor
Course taught: International Business
Joel Davis
Clinical Professor
Director,
David F. Miller Retail Center
Course taught: Foundations of Business Analytics and AI
Meet your instructors
On-campus experiences enhance the online
I found the on-campus meet-up to be an outstanding experience. Being able to connect with other online students, meet our professors, and talk to our advisors made it a positive event that I plan on attending in the future. Having the opportunity to walk around campus and attend the career fair made it an even more memorable experience.
Natalie Nguyen (BABA ’25)
1
/
n
A convenient, customizable online business degree
A nationally ranked degree results in a career with infinite potential. Begin to build your momentum with an Online BSBA degree from Warrington.
Meet with our Admissions Coordinator
Start Your Application