URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/undergraduate/minors-certificates
TITLE: Undergraduate Business Minors & Certificates - UF Warrington College of Business

Undergraduate minors and certificates
Put your future in focus
Perhaps you’re designing investment portfolios, getting construction projects off the ground, developing game-changing new products, or managing up-and-coming talent. Business skills shape these and more career paths. But in today’s hyper-competitive, interdisciplinary job market, a specialization shows you know the industry — no introduction necessary.
The University of Florida Warrington College of Business’s undergraduate minors and certificates add this context — whether for exploring a niche discipline, pursuing a passion, or connecting your knowledge to other areas of study. Across these possibilities, you’ll access the competencies, networks, and experiences that give your future clarity and amplify your authority.
All business minors and certificates
As a Warrington College of Business undergraduate, you have the opportunity to enhance your studies with at least one minor. And if you’re outside Warrington, select programs help you build your business acumen in preparation for strategy, management, and entrepreneurial roles.
Accounting Minor
Know how to balance the books and identify expansion opportunities through courses in managerial and financial accounting above the introductory level. Completion of the minor fulfills the minimum preparatory requirements to apply to the Master of Accounting program.
Business Administration Minor
Explore the building blocks of every business — including accounting, finance, marketing, and management — while acquiring skills that pack a punch for corporate and entrepreneurial careers. For non-business majors.
Entrepreneurship Minor
Consider yourself an idea-generator? In this minor, courses and real-world activities equip you to launch prototypes, obtain funding, pitch your concept, and plan your next move.
Information Systems Minor
Can you extract insights from vast, unstructured databases, secure digital assets, and select productivity-boosting systems? This minor speaks to the computing, qualitative, and application skills employers increasingly expect from entry- and higher-level candidates. The Information Systems minor will not be approved until further notice due to overenrolled status of the courses by Information Systems majors.
Professional Selling Minor
Products, services, new ventures: All business professionals are sellers to some degree. Through courses and projects for area organizations, this minor breaks down the components of connection, engagement, and sealing the deal, giving you a consultant’s mindset.
Real Estate Minor
Transform listing curiosity into contracts and keys with a minor that introduces you to real estate careers, terminology, the transaction process, and decision-making tactics.
Retail Minor
From materials sourcing to store shelves and sale pricing, see how supply chains work end to end, with focus given to merchandising, analytics, and monitoring market trends.
Wealth Management Minor
When consumer demand correlates with greater returns, harness this momentum to build and optimize individual and institutional portfolios. Courses also qualify you to pursue CFA, CFP, CIC, and CRM professional certifications. This minor has an additional
competitive supplemental application
prior to declaring the minor.
All UF minors and certificates
Through over 120 on-campus minors and additional online programs, channel your business knowledge toward a specific application or pick up résumé-boosting skills. Popular minors for business majors include AI and technology, languages, healthcare, the sciences, hospitality, and the performing arts.
How to add a business minor or certificate
Enhancing your studies with a minor or certificate shows you know what it means to earn a business degree without limits. Here’s what to do:
Meet with an academic advisor
Take this opportunity to talk about your plans and determine if a business minor suits your goals. Have this conversation early on to ensure you complete all related coursework before graduation.
Accounting advising
Undergraduate business advising
Declare a minor
Accounting minor candidates, and accounting majors wishing to add a minor, must meet with a Fisher School advisor before applying.
While some Warrington students start courses for a minor as early as their first semester, you must have 45 credit hours to officially declare a minor.
Complete your application
Need to change course?
You can complete a request to cancel your minor at any time.
Student perspective
Never feel tied down to one field of study. I came into college thinking that I had to be fully committed to one career path and wouldn’t be able to change my mind. Minoring in subjects seemingly unrelated to my primary field of study has encouraged me to branch out and reflect on what my career path could look like.
Lindsay Stagnitto, BSBA Marketing
’26
, minor in Dance and Education
1
/
n
What can a business minor do?
Finding your niche is an important part of setting yourself apart in a rapid-fire job market where it can be difficult to set yourself apart. Employment postings reflect increased demand for specialization coupled with a generalist’s versatility. On top of your BABA, BSBA or BSAc, a minor or certificate turns you into an unforgettable candidate and, eventually, employee.
An insider’s view
A business degree is an “in” for any industry. But where do you want to work, and what do those organizations expect? A minor ultimately layers another real-world perspective onto your studies.
Run with your interests
Your passions take multiple, diverse directions. Why not chase them further with your elective credits?
Get closer to your goal
Maybe you’re crafting a performance venue’s marketing campaigns. Or, you’re making decisions for a Silicon Valley startup. If you aspire beyond a general career, a minor or certificate tells future employers that you understand what they do, can engage their audience, and know how to deliver results.
Additional considerations
Minor limits: Can I earn more than one minor or certificate?
In general, yes. However, some majors limit the number of minors or certificates their students can pursue. For example, accounting majors may only pursue one minor or certificate in total. In contrast, BSBA and BABA students may pursue any number, but they must complete all bachelor’s, minor, and certificate requirements in eight to nine fall/spring semesters. If you are in another major, you should check with your advisor.
Coursework location: Can I take minor courses at another institution?
1000-2000 Course Levels: Yes. Courses like ECO2023 or ACG2021 can be taken at other institutions offering equivalent courses.
3000-4000 Course Levels: No. Courses like FIN3403 and MAR3023 must be taken at UF or through an approved UF study abroad program.
Residency Reminder: Business majors completing their last 30 credit hours on the University of Florida campus cannot take courses at another institution (except on an approved study abroad).
Maximize your major
Whether you’re a go-getter, goal-setter, or try-it-all, see where a minor from the Warrington College of Business takes you.
Contact your advisor
Start the minor application