URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/undergraduate/minors-certificates/wealth-management
TITLE: Wealth Management Minor - UF Warrington College of Business

Wealth Management Minor
Navigating financial waters
Americans face a complex financial landscape as they look towards their futures. This landscape may overwhelm those who begin to dip their toes in their world of finance. But that’s what you’re here for, guiding clients step by step.
The Warrington College of Business Wealth Management Minor prepares you to help clients in their financial investment strategies and decision making. You’ll be introduced to the fundamentals of wealth management and client success and be placed on a path to potential CFP® designation. With the addition of the minor to your undergraduate degree, you’ll be able to drive key decision-making in both short- and long-term visions for true financial success.
Wealth management opportunities
Americans are increasingly worried about their financial future. Wealth management professionals play a key role in guiding decisions that help customers feel financially secure.
$102,140
Median annual wage for a personal financial advisor
Bureau of Labor Statistics, 2025
17%
Growth in employment of personal financial advisors 2023 – 2033
Bureau of Labor Statistics, 2025
27,000
Projections for job openings for personal financial advisors annually over the next decade
Bureau of Labor Statistics, 2025
Add the minor to your degree
Complete the application to be considered for the Wealth Management Minor/Specialization
Start your application
The CFP® designation
The wealth management minor at the Warrington College of Business prepares you to pursue a career in financial planning. This is achieved by two means — the CFP®, or CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER® designation, and the ability to connect with veteran professionals in the field.
Our coursework is designed to meet the objectives set forth by the CFP® Board of Standards with the ultimate objective being to sit for and pass the CFP® exam.
A world of opportunity
Within the classroom:
Learning the key traits of the financial advisor role:
Relationship-focused: Much of the day is client-centered.
Detail-oriented: Precision is essential in compliance, analysis, and documentation.
Adaptive: Markets, regulations, and client needs constantly evolve.
Outside of the classroom, the program offers the chance to:
Connect with industry professionals via keynotes
Intern
Participate in case competitions
These hands-on opportunities will allow you apply what you have learned academically to the real-world.
Behind the scenes. A day in the life of a financial planner.
Conduct a prospect meeting with a potential client:
Understand their goals and pain points
Present your planning process
Build trust and outline next steps
Analyze investment portfolios:
Prospect Meeting
Ensure they match client rick tolerance goals
Consider rebalancing, task-loss harvesting or adding ESG options
Meet with a long-term client:
Review portfolio performance
Reassess goals (retirement, college funding, etc.)
Discuss life changes (new job, inheritance, home purchase)
Suggest adjustments (e.g. asset allocation, tax strategies)
Wealth Management minor and specialization
Students develop a complete understanding of the concepts and techniques used in the wealth management industry to help individual clients. To graduate with a BABA specialization or minor in Wealth Management, students must complete these classes:
Introduction to Financial Accounting (ACG 2021)
Principles of Microeconomics (ECO 2023)
Business Finance (FIN 3403)
Introduction to Financial Planning & Wealth Management (FIN 3124)
Risk Management and Insurance (RMI 3011)
Estate & Tax Planning (FIN 4132)
Financial Plan Development (FIN 4128)
You must be approved for the Wealth Management minor prior to declaring this area of specialization.
Ready to pursue a Wealth Management career?
If you have interests in the program and want to discuss qualifications or next steps, reach out to:
John C. Banko
Instructional Associate Professor, Finance
Director of Wealth Management Program
352-392-6395
Contact John