URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/undergraduate/online-bsba
TITLE: Online BS in Business Degree- UF Online

Online BSBA in General Business program
Program length
120 credits
Length to degree competition based on a variety of factors
Application deadline
Fall 2025: April 28
Spring 2026: September 2
Summer 2026: January 26
Format
Online
Asynchronous
Why earn an online bachelor’s in business from Warrington?
The University of Florida Warrington College of Business’ Online Bachelor of Science in Business Administration degree doesn’t just meet you where you are: Our consistently top-ranked program gets you right where you need to be.
Behind our engaging and collaborative undergraduate business degree is a two-decades-plus commitment to innovating online education. As our peers now venture into this space, we’ve already put in the work to deliver a dynamic, entirely virtual version of the Warrington experience:
Learn about business operations, strategy and management from the nation’s top professors.
Watch 100% asynchronous lectures anytime, anywhere.
Go beyond the basics with rigorous courses that cover key business technologies and applications.
Communicate and collaborate with your peers.
Apply your new knowledge on the job and more contexts through opt-in leadership and professional development challenges, such as internships and extracurricular activities.
Keep on learning in one of the University of Florida’s 16-month accelerated MBA and specialized master’s programs.
Ready to get started?
Make your next move and discover more about Warrington and our online bachelor’s in business administration programs.
Meet with our Admissions Coordinator
Start Your Application
Online BSBA facts and figures
Our decades-long pursuit of a better online business degree has led us (and you) here.
#1
Best Online Bachelor’s in Business Programs.
U.S. News & World Report
, 2026 Rankings
2001
When Warrington started offering an online undergraduate degree in business.
AACSB
Accredited online business program.
Heavener Career and Leadership Challenge
If admitted, you can set your success in motion in the challenge. Through a choose-your-own-adventure experience, Warrington’s optional career readiness program — built on our established competencies — encourages our students to put business theories into practice and acquire new skills.
Learn more about the challenge
About the Online BSBA degree
Over 20 years ago, online education emerged as a new, convenient way to earn a degree and advance professionally without spending time away from the workforce.
As perpetual trailblazers, Warrington jumped at the chance to introduce students to our MBA, regardless of their location or industry. Two years later, we also made our undergraduate BSBA degree available online.
Through our partnership with UF Online, we bring our intensive, comprehensive and data-infused business education to you:
Get a thorough introduction to business:
Explore accounting, economics, business law, international business, finance, management, marketing and data analytics. Beyond principles, you’ll see how these areas help a business run, develop a strategic mindset and understand how to manage people, resources and processes.
Get broadly applicable business skills:
Prepare to analyze, manage, strategize and achieve goals in any industry through an expert-guided study of accounting, finance, marketing, data analytics, AI and other functional areas.
Structure your degree around your life:
As you juggle a full-time job, a family and other obligations, adapt your course load to your availability — from a lighter semester (four to eight credits) to a full schedule (12 credits).
Expand your perspective:
Curious about how business concepts apply in a specific industry or role? The General Business major provides a broad business background and insight into the workings of real estate, entrepreneurship, retailing, leadership and strategic management.
Empower your professional progress:
Gear up for your first job, a promotion or a switch in career through courses that cover career management strategies and essential technology tools.
Tuition and scholarships
Amazing outcomes plus affordable tuition result in a return on investment you’ll find nowhere else. Through UF Online, you’ll pay 40% less than if you attended courses in person.
See how much a UF online business degree costs
.
On top of this, Warrington awards scholarships to undergraduates each year, including online students.
These one-time, term-based awards range from $500 to $2,000. For consideration, interested students are advised to submit their Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA®) and Warrington’s undergraduate scholarship application.
Types of awards include:
Merit- and need-based awards:
Stay focused on your next major goal with a scholarship that recognizes all you’ve achieved so far.
Region-specific awards:
Live in Tampa, Palm Beach, Polk County or another Florida region? You may be eligible for a scholarship that offsets the cost of tuition or study abroad expenses.
Study abroad awards:
About half of Warrington undergraduates complete a study abroad experience before they graduate. For many students, scholarships that partially cover tuition or living expenses make these trips possible.
Veterans and military benefits:
Whether you’re earning your degree overseas or wherever your mission takes you, Warrington invites veterans and current military members to apply for a whole host of benefits toward an Online BSBA degree.
Explore all scholarships
What to expect in Warrington’s online bachelor’s in business programs
Log in to grow your grasp of business and your professional network. Here’s how Warrington and UF Online support students enrolled in the online bachelor’s in business programs:
Access courses, free software, and assignments from any laptop, tablet, desktop, or smartphone to study wherever you’re located.
Plan your semester in advance — including assignments, exams, activities, and deadlines — with syllabi provided at the start of each course.
Get support: Connect with your professors, teaching assistants, academic advisors, UF Online OneStop and tech support in person and via email, phone, Zoom and Canvas.
Take charge of your education through the Online Student Center in
e-Learning
, where you’ll find a host of resources including orientation modules, advising information, program options, study tips, academic planning spreadsheets and UF contacts.
Admissions
Freshman, Sophomore and High School AA Admissions
Freshman, sophomore, and high school AA applicants are admitted by the university. If you have any questions or if you’re a high school AA applicant, please contact the
UF Online Admissions Office
.
Transfer
Our college oversees admissions for junior level transfer applicants. Students who have 60+ credits, must complete our seven business prerequisite courses with a 2.5+ GPA prior to enrollment:
Intro to Financial Accounting (ACG 2021)
Intro to Managerial Accounting (ACG 2071)
Problem Solving Using Computers (CGS 2531) or equivalent course
Principles of Macroeconomics (ECO 2013)
Principles of Microeconomics (ECO 2023)
Survey of Calculus (MAC 2233) or Calculus 1 (MAC 2311)
Intro to Statistics (STA 2023)
Applicants may be conditionally admitted if they’ve completed 5 of the 7 required prerequisites (including Financial Accounting and Calculus) with a 2.9+ GPA and have the last 2 prerequisites in-progress at the time of application.  Note that junior and senior level business courses completed at other schools
will not
count toward our degree and will have to be retaken.
Prerequisite courses must be evaluated and deemed equivalent to our UF courses.  Please  review our
course equivalency webpage
for details.
Related programs
Online or in person, Warrington has an undergraduate business degree made for you — whether you want to specialize or sample a bit of everything.
Online BABA
On-campus business degrees
Connected. Convenient. Engaged.
Gather in Gainesville
Gather in Gainesville
Gator Nation is calling! Fly in for these optional, in-person trips to meet your classmates, faculty and advisors face-to-face and attend a career fair.
Online learning pioneers
Online learning pioneers
Our institution has a history of creating our own opportunities — and our longstanding dedication to a more engaging online learning experience reflects this pursuit. In the process, we open the floor to your feedback to improve our offerings, course delivery and activities available.
See how we continuously innovate online learning
Courses
Business careers can take a number of directions — from entrepreneurship to corporate to consulting. But across all, you’ll draw from established theories and turn to data and technology to produce financial reports, direct teams, predict trends, and drive growth.
Prerequisite courses
Business Calculus
Learn how calculus concepts apply to real-world business and economic decisions.
Financial Accounting
Apply economic reasoning, accounting concepts and generally accepted accounting principles to solve problems.
Info Systems (or CGS alternative)
Policy and management issues surrounding information systems and operations management in today’s enterprises.
Intro to Statistics
An introduction to the concepts and applications of statistics.
Managerial Accounting
Applying economic principles and analytic skills to provide financial data for a management control system.
Macroeconomics
Learn the foundations of macroeconomics with how decision-making, in an environment of scarcity, maps onto the aggregate economy.
Microeconomics
Examine how individuals, households and firms make decisions when faced with limited resources.
Core courses
Artificial Intelligence & Data Analytics
Introduces the basics of data analytics and machine learning using Python.
Business Law
Introduces the legal environment of business and emphasizes the social, political and ethical aspects of legal issues in business.
Business Finance
Students will understand the role of finance within a firm, society and an economic system.
Business Statistics
Covers correlation and linear regression, model building, multiple regression and more that impact business decisions.
International Business
Students will understand how components impact business decision-making in countries worldwide.
Operations Management
Introduces the concepts of operations management and supply chain management.
Principles of Management
A broad overview of management that will help you become a better manager and better team member.
Principles of Marketing
Students will understand the role of marketing within society and an economic system.
Required courses
Business Computing
Presents fundamental concepts from two perspectives: the individual business computer user and the corporate business computing environment.
Effective Career Management
Systematically designed course based on the cognitive information processing theory for career problem solving and decision-making.
Entrepreneurship
Practical, hands-on understanding of the stages of entrepreneurial process. Focus on the decision-making process within a start-up company.
Leading Organizations
Provides a foundation for leadership practice in a variety of professions and increases the capacity to lead with and without authority.
Real Estate
Principles of real estate decision making within the context of our economic, social, legal and political- governmental systems.
Retail Management
Functions, institutions and activities of retailing goods and services.
Strategic Management
Deals with the strategy of organizations, giving students a knowledge of the theory and application of strategic management.
Writing & Speaking in Business
Designed to teach business students the fundamental communication skills necessary for succeeding in a business setting.
Careers with an online business degree
Watch possibility and potential coalesce into the career you’ve always pictured. With an online bachelor’s in business from Warrington, you can move up in your current organization, reach for new opportunities, begin your own business or start graduate school.
$58,800
Average salary for online BSBA graduates.
963K
New openings are projected each year for business and financial occupations through 2033.
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
23%
More roles for operations research analysts are projected through 2033.
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
Where our graduates work
Job titles
Account Manager
Advisor, Quality Compliance
Branch Manager
Business Analyst
Business Development Associate
Client Service Analyst
Customer Support Team
Design Recruiter
Director of Operations
Distribution Manager
District Sales Manager
Emerging Leaders Associate
Enterprise Account Operations
Finance Director
Healthcare Consultant
Human Resources Coordinator
Marketing Assistant
Marketing Associate
Onboarding Specialist
Program Finance Associate
Recruiter
Sales Development Representative
Sales Director
Senior Associate
Senior Treasury Analyst
Store Leader
Career preparation
Take advantage of our top-ranked, award-winning career services to gear up for job interviews, reach out to prospective employers, and refine your resume and cover letter.
Explore career services
Faculty
Our faculty are respected researchers, visionary thought leaders, and sought-after experts. Teaching both on-campus and online undergraduate business classes, they deliver a uniform, uncompromised educational experience for all students.
Lindy Archambeau
Instructional Assistant Professor
Courses taught: Principles of Management
Robert Emerson
Huber Hurst Professor
Courses taught: The Legal Environment of Business
Brian Ray
Instructional Professor and Director, Poe Business Ethics Ctr.
Courses taught: Effective Career Management in Business, Ethics in Global Business, and Leading Organizations
Meet your instructors
No FOMO
Being a part of the Gator Nation, even online, is something special. I was worried about missing out on the ‘college experience’ online, but UF Online has exceeded my expectations. The professors are engaging, the resources are incredible, and, best of all, I feel connected to a vibrant community of learners, even though we’re miles apart.
Angie Marchione (BSBA ’26)
1
/
n
A boundary-less business degree
A nationally-ranked degree results in a career with infinite potential. Begin to build your momentum with an Online BSBA degree from Warrington.
Meet with our Admissions Coordinator
Start Your Application