URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/undergraduate/minors-certificates/professional-selling
TITLE: Professional Selling Minor - UF Warrington College of Business

Professional Selling minor
Add a sales minor to your bachelor’s degree in business
In the Professional Selling Minor at the Warrington College of Business, you’ll gain transferable skills to stand out in sales across any professional industry.
You’ll be provided an in-depth taste of what it’s like to think like a sales consultant.
You’ll build your skill set within the classroom through an enriched marketing curriculum coupled with hands-on class programming that occurs outside the classroom.
You’ll problem solve for rapid-fire change that may require you to pivot, face ethical conflict head-on, or assist an employer when no one else can.
We’re here to help you develop natural sales know-how that will encourage you to ask the right questions at the right time with the natural sense of curiosity typical of our business gators.
Request information
Thank you for submitting this form, %WCBFAFORMFN%
We will contact you shortly.
Sales permeates every industry
Be it ideas or products, everyone is selling something. From the outset, the Warrington Professional Selling minor empowers you to develop the hard and soft skills needed to close the deal.
1.8M
Sales job openings projected each year, over the span of the next decade –
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, 2025.
13%
Of all jobs (1 in 8) are full-time sales positions –
Brevet Group, 2025.
94%
Job placement at graduation among all Professional Selling minor students.
Sales minor curriculum
The professional sales minor requires seven foundational credits to be taken across three disciplines – accounting, economics, and marketing.
ACG2021 – Introduction to Financial Accounting
Introductory course develops an understanding of the environment, role, and basic principles of financial accounting.
ECO2013 – Principles of Macroeconomics
Introduces students to relevant macroeconomics issues and develops a solid foundation. Choose Macro- or Microeconomics
ECO20123 – Principles of Microeconomics
Introduces students to relevant microeconomics issues and develops a solid foundation. Choose Micro- or Macroeconomics
MAR2401 – Professional Selling Seminar
Highlights the importance of the sales function in a firm and how it contributes to the achievement of the firm’s strategic objectives.
MAR3023 – Principles of Marketing
Students will understand the role of marketing within society and an economic system.
MAR3400 – Professional Selling
Teaches the importance of the selling role and provides basic professional selling skills.
MAR4403 – Sales Management
Focused on principles, methods, and problems relating to the management of a sales force.
Sales in the Swamp
Participate in a role playing competition with cash prizes awarded to the top professional selling students.
Compete in Sales in the Swamp
Internships and assistantships
Students who excel academically may be able to participate in the competitive sales internship or as a teaching assistant in upper division marketing courses.
Sales internship
Learn the sheer grit required of sales with an eight week required internship. Our goal is to enrich your in-class experience by giving you the skills needed to be a consultative seller.
Explore the internship
Teaching assistantships
Students who see success in MAR3400 and MAR4403 can apply to be a teaching assistant for future students in those courses. MAR3400 students will help their peers improve in role play. MAR4403 student assistants will both work to improve discovery and selling performance through role play.
GatorSLAM
The Sales Leadership and Mentorship program (SLAM) was developed to offer sales students an integral resource for mentorship by faculty and peers.
Explore GatorSLAM
Additional student experiences
Students who excel academically may be able to participate in the competitive sales internship or as a teaching assistant in upper division marketing courses.
Intercollegiate Sales Team
The Intercollegiate Sales Team is a subgroup of GatorSLAM, and they travel to as many as seven competitions each year. Competition types include role play, speed selling, and management case competitions. These competitions feature competitors from leading sales programs from across the globe.
Pi Sigma Epsilon – Eta Chapter
The University of Florida Warrington College of Business’s Pi Sigma Epsilon is a student-run chapter of a national co-ed sales and marketing fraternity. The national organization has a deep alumni network. Weekly meetings feature professional speakers or skill building workshops while regional conferences offer additional skill building and business competitions. Leadership opportunities are plentiful.
Ready to sell?
Professional Selling Program
Warrington College of Business
PO Box 117155
Gainesville, FL 32611-7155
352-448-8233‬
Email the program director
Partner with Warrington
Donate to the program