URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate Business Programs - UF Warrington College of Business

Undergraduate business degrees
Your story starts here
Think business school is all about Excel spreadsheets and PowerPoint presentations? Globalization, tech-shaped decisions, lightning-speed adaptability, strategic leadership and collaborative problem-solving are the real language of business and what you’ll learn in Warrington’s undergraduate programs.
We place you right at the center of the action, where you’ll become fluent rather than familiar. No matter if you’re interested in numbers, markets or brand-building, you’ll do at least one internship, dive into the possibilities of data, know your leadership style, and engage your critical thinking and teamwork skills in projects for our partners.
Beyond resumes and networks, you’ll start to write your story — where you emerge fully realized, job-ready, and equipped to confidently and creatively tackle every challenge.
One of the nation’s best public business schools
Our numbers show, don’t tell. Following this timeless tip, Warrington’s numbers illustrate our decades-long drive to be the best and the rigorous, real-world environment that empowers everyone toward excellence.
#13
Best Undergraduate Business Programs for 2025, U.S. Publics
U.S. News & World Report
#1
Best Online Bachelor’s in Business program in the nation for 2025
U.S. News & World Report
#9
BS in Accounting in the nation
U.S. News & World Report
, 2025 Best Undergraduate Business Programs
#9
BSBA in Finance, U.S. Publics
U.S. News & World Report
, 2025 Best Undergraduate Business Programs
#9
BSBA in Marketing, U.S. Publics
U.S. News & World Report
, 2025 Best Undergraduate Business Programs
$69,576
Average starting salary for 2024 graduates of Warrington’s BSBA and BABA programs — higher than the projected average of $63,907.
National Association of Colleges and Employers
Review all undergraduate rankings
An undergraduate business degree built with you in mind
Specialize and surge ahead. Or generalize and seize every opportunity. Across our on-campus and online programs, courses, activities and projects introduce you to all available career paths, the latest tools, and employer expectations and add direction to your journey.
BABA in General Studies
Bachelor of Science in Accounting
BSBA in Finance
BSBA in Information Systems
BSBA in Management
BSBA in Marketing
Combination Degrees
Online BABA
Online BSBA
Your journey, your way
From the classroom to hands-on projects and internships, Warrington seamlessly and comprehensively prepares you to navigate the dynamic, globe-spanning world of business.
Career-ready competencies
Bridging theory with applied practice, Warrington aligns coursework with real-world projects and activities to graduate well-rounded, competitive business professionals. This approach fosters the leadership, collaboration, technical, critical thinking and problem-solving skills employers seek.
Career guidance
Mentored by advisors and more experienced peers, you’ll try out multiple career paths through internships, start to grow your network, and make a strategic road map right to your dream job with expert direction from Business Career Services.
Technology integration
Understand how to use data to improve business outcomes through an undergraduate curriculum that immerses you in all that predictive analytics, artificial intelligence, and Python can do.
Leadership
You’ll have the opportunity to mentor peers, lend your perspective to student projects and organizations, and have the opportunity to participate in selective skills-development programs.
Studying abroad
Study and work for a semester or a year overseas, where you’ll observe how global companies operate and broaden your business acumen. Roughly half of Warrington undergraduates complete an international experience.
Case competitions
Combining their collective knowledge, Warrington undergraduates devise solutions to business challenges and prepare to compete against teams worldwide.
Student organizations, groups, and activities
See what your skills can do — from uplifting others on campus and the Gainesville community to striking up lifelong connections.
Entrepreneurship
Today, ideas and entrepreneurs propel the economy. Through incubation spaces, competitions and consulting projects, Warrington encourages students to act on their innovative impulses to launch their own companies and support local startups.
The Heavener undergraduate experience
Student perspectives
“So far, I have learned valuable time management skills, improved my ability to analyze market trends, and enhanced my teamwork capabilities. [My] internship experience enhanced my education by providing practical knowledge and real-world insights that will enrich my academic pursuits and prepare me for a successful career in the financial industry.”
Maya Bhola (BSBA ’25)
“You can also go to a peer-to-peer mentor for a résumé review or interview help and look for a mentor who is pursuing a career in an area you may be interested in. It can also be as easy as attending a meeting at one of our many student organizations and making a friend — as you start to grow, your network will, too!”
Emily Bally (BSBA ‘23, BA ’23)
“I was already behind the power curve, having not taken any business courses in my freshman year … but after a few rigorous semesters of extra classes and a full summer dedicated to accounting, I managed to catch up.”
Madison Weitzel (BA ’24, MS ’24)
1
/
n
Faculty feature: Davis Family Faculty Fellow Sonia Singh
Professor Sonia Singh is a licensed CPA and attorney in Florida. Her unique background is an asset to the Warrington community. A repeat “Teacher of the Year,” Singh holds a steadfast commitment to student success.
Meet Professor Singh
Craft your success story
Make your story happen at a business school where success is the overarching narrative — not a tangent.
Contact an admissions counselor
Visit us
Start your application