URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/undergraduate/3-2-accounting-program
TITLE: 3/2 Accounting Program - UF Warrington College of Business

3/2 Program (BSAc/MAcc)
Program length
5 years
Application deadlines
Domestic Fall start – May 1
Domestic Spring start – September 1
International Fall start – February 1
International Spring start – July 1
Format
On-campus
A program that joins the accounting bachelor’s and master’s degrees
The 3/2 Program is the Fisher School of Accounting’s premier professional program. It is an integrated, five-year, 150-hour program that leads to the joint awarding of a Bachelor of Science in Accounting (BSAc) degree and a Master of Accounting (MAcc) degree.
In the program, you’ll go beyond a generalized view to a more detailed and industry-specific understanding of the accounting profession in a program known for high post-graduation placement rates.
Important note:
Because students in the 3/2 program have a graduate classification, students receiving undergraduate scholarships or Pell grants typically lose eligibility for their funding. Students encountering this problem should consult with an academic advisor and consider entering the MAcc program after earning their BSAc degree.
Financial Aid questions can be answered by the
OneStop
. We also encourage you to consider
Fisher School scholarships for MAcc students
.
Questions?
Meet with an academic advisor
Curriculum and course sequencing
The 3/2 program offers three options to specialize your degree.
Years 1-4 course sequencing
.
Auditing concentration
Taxation concentration
No concentration
Application information
Students seeking admission to the 3/2 Program submit a graduate application through the University of Florida’s
Admissions Office
, which requires submission of a personal statement. Graduate applications should be completed during the student’s second semester of their junior year.
Graduate applications will not be processed without a test score. Letters of recommendation are not necessary for 3/2 admission applications, and will not increase the likelihood of admission. You are encouraged to use your UF GatorLink email address when submitting your application.
Pursuant to Florida Statute, your application requires inclusion of all post-high school education and employment, as well as information about ongoing international affiliations and research funding. Please ensure this information is included on your curriculum vitae (CV) or resume.
Note:
When submitting your application, be sure to indicate that you expect to earn the BSAc, and indicate the date you expect to earn it. Failure to include this information can delay processing of your application.
Admissions minimum standards
Must be a University of Florida undergraduate accounting major.
Completion of, or in the process of completing, at least 80 semester hours of coursework.
GPA of at least 3.0 (rounding not permitted) calculated on all courses taken at the University of Florida after the student reaches 60 credit hours.
A minimum GPA of 2.8 (rounding not permitted) in all accounting courses completed at UF (3000 level and above) in semesters prior to graduate admission. Once a student has earned a “C” grade in these courses, repeats of the same course will not be computed in the students accounting GPA if the repeat grade is higher than a “C-“.
*Note:
If a student elects to take a 3000-level or above accounting class under the S/U option in the Spring 2020 semester, and earns a grade of S, and then repeats the course, and earns a grade of C or better, the second attempt will not be factored into the accounting GPA for purposes of admission to the MAcc.
The timing of the student’s application must meet the criteria described in
3/2 Program timing of application.
Because admission to the 3/2 Program is simply early admission to graduate school, there are no exceptions made for students who do not meet all minimum admission requirements. Students denied admission to the 3/2 program are encouraged to improve their academic performance during their senior year and apply for admission to the traditional Master of Accounting program upon completion of the BSAc.
GMAT/GRE:
The 3/2 Program does not require the GMAT or GRE.
3/2 Program timing of application
Students should plan to apply to start the 3/2 program for the Fall or Spring semester AFTER they will have completed all of the following courses: ACG 3101, ACG 3401, ACG 4111, and ACG 4341. Students will not be admitted to the program unless they have completed all of these courses, but in some cases, may be completing their graduate school applications while still enrolled in the courses.
Example: Students completing ACG 4111 and ACG 4341 in the Spring semester would apply to the 3/2 program for the following Fall. A student completing ACG 4111 in Spring, and ACG 4341 in Summer, would also apply for the Fall. Be sure to check the FSOA website for application deadlines.
In addition, students who have already begun further upper-division required accounting courses (ACG 5637, ACG 5647, TAX 5025, TAX 5027, ACG 4632, or TAX 4001), will not be admitted to the 3/2 program. These students should complete the BSAc and apply to the traditional MAcc program.
Computer requirement
All University of Florida students are expected to own a computer. Visit UF Information Technology for
minimum and recommended computer standards
. In addition, undergraduate accounting students must have a laptop computer in order to take 3000-level or above accounting courses.
Financial Aid information
Because students in the 3/2 program have a graduate classification, students receiving
undergraduate scholarships or Pell grants typically lose eligibility for their funding. Students encountering this problem should consult with an academic advisor and consider entering the MAcc program after earning their BSAc degree. Financial Aid questions can be answered by the
OneStop
. We also encourage you to consider
Fisher School scholarships for MAcc students
.
CPA information
The MAcc program is designed for students who desire a professional accounting career. While professional accountants can serve in many capacities, many MAcc graduates go on to become licensed as Certified Public Accountants (CPAs.) Students interested in becoming a CPA should consult the National Association of State Boards of Accountancy website for information regarding CPA exam and licensure eligibility for all states and jurisdictions.
Florida Board of Accountancy
National Association of State Boards of Accountancy
Contact the 3/2 program
Fisher School of Accounting
210 Gerson Hall
PO Box 117166
Gainesville, FL 32611-7166
352-273-0200
352-392-7962 (fax)
Email the program