URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/why-warrington/visit
TITLE: Visit - UF Warrington College of Business

Visit Warrington
Small town vibes, big time business school
Whether you are taking your first steps in the B-school selection process or have begun to finalize your decision, a visit to our Gainesville campus is in order.
Gainesville combines the charm and intimacy of a small town with the prestige and excellence of an academic institution. From the beating heart of Century Tower to the business school, we will guide your visit so you can see a day in the life of the Warrington student.
The business school is nestled on the stretch of road between West University Avenue and NW 13th Street. You’ll see buildings imbued with the university’s history and our more modern state-of-the-art facilities – this intermingling is symbolic of the dynamic evolution that is at the core of the academic experience.
Explore the Warrington campus
Take a tour of Warrington
The Diplomats are the official tour guides of the Warrington College of Business. All tours last approximately an hour and begin with a brief welcome video and presentation, followed by a walking tour of the business college complex.
Schedule a tour with the Diplomats
Discover Gainesville
Gainesville is our home. It’s a mid-sized, vibrant city with a lot to offer students and their families. Within easy drives to either coast of Florida, and countless activities in between, there is much to do and explore.
Explore Gainesville activities and sites
Explore the UF campus
The Warrington College of Business is a small part of a robust University of Florida campus. The picturesque campus is walkable and welcoming to visitors. Undergraduate Admissions offers scheduled tours for interested students or families.
Explore the UF campus
Connect with Warrington
If you’re ready to be part of Florida’s leading business college community, reach out today. We’d love to find ways to partner or help you find a future academic program.
Contact Warrington