URL: https://warrington.ufl.edu/why-warrington/facts
TITLE: Facts and Figures - UF Warrington College of Business

Facts and figures
What sets Warrington apart?
Outcomes tell the story of a college’s success better than anything else. And Warrington’s numbers say it all. When you join the Business Gator Nation, you’re part of an innovative community of business scholars who leave a lasting impact.
Warrington students – undergrad and graduate – benefit from top ranked programs, as well as faculty who are literally writing the books on business education. Our students, faculty, research and academic programs are recognized worldwide for impact and achievement.
By the numbers
1926
University of Florida’s College of Business was established and Walter Matherly appointed as dean. In 1929, the College was accredited by AACSB International.
35
+
Degrees and programs
for undergraduate, master’s, MBA, DBA, Ph.D., online and on-campus.
3
Warrington College of Business
is made up of three schools housing undergraduates, graduates and accounting students.
#
1
Best ranked
Online Bachelor’s for Business
in the nation by U.S. News & World Report.
#
3
Ranked #3 in the nation
on U.S. News & World Report’s 2026 Best Online MBA Programs for Veterans.
#
4
One of the
best Online MBA options in the nation
and one of the first to offer MBA online.
Business Gators
Lead the future of business — backed by a world-class university and a town that feels like home.
At UF’s Warrington College of Business, students prepare to lead with global experiences, real-world learning, and lasting connections. Gainesville offers the perfect balance — a tight-knit college town with all the energy and excellence of a top-tier university
Built in Florida. Designed for the world
From every corner of Florida to wherever you are in the world, Warrington delivers business education without borders. Our statewide campuses and
top-ranked online programs
ensure that geography never limits your potential.
Gainesville, FL
One of the best college towns in America, experience student life with 60,000+ Gators.
Jacksonville, FL
Taking our business to Jax. MBA and marketing programs launching in downtown Jacksonville in 2026.
Miami, FL
One of the most important business hotspots in the nation, Miami is now home to our MBA Weekend Part-Time program.
$3 million in student-managed funds.
Business students actively manage $3M in funds while learning investment strategies and outperforming average S&P 500 returns.
Caimanes Student Managed Equity Hedge Fund
Gator Student Investment Fund
Thought leaders
Faculty rank at the top among AAU Business Schools.
#1
Management and ISOM department faculty rank #1, or the 100th percentile, in both public and private universities based on research productivity (AAU).
Top 7
Finance and marketing also among the top producers in 71 AAU business schools, according to Financial Times 50.
#
1
For the fourth year in a row, Warrington’s management department tops in productivity per for the faculty fourth year in a row, according to
TAMUGA
.
#
4
Among publics, for faculty business research, according to Financial Times’ Business School Research rankings.
#
12
U.S. public and private universities. Financial Times Business School Research rankings.
#
16
Among all international universities.
Financial Times Business School Research rankings.
Faculty and Research
Alumni
Our alumni make their mark on the world.
90,000+
Business Gators are everywhere. Join our network of Warrington graduates and make the connections that last a lifetime.
150
University of Florida alumni reside in more than 150 countries.  The Gator Nation truly is everywhere.
289,408
University of Florida alumni living in Florida alone.
Warrington alumni
Return on your investment
The University of Florida is one of the best values in the nation, according to U.S. News & World Report. Both in-state and out-of-state tuition are among the lowest of top business schools.
$
6,381
In-state undergraduate tuition.
$
28,658
Out-of-state undergraduate tuition.
$
12,767
In-state MBA tuition for full-time MBA.
Why Warrington
#
4 in career services
Financial Times ranked Warrington #4 in career services and #3 in value for money.
See more rankings
Join the Business Gator Nation
There’s no better time to become a Business Gator. Or to find ways to partner with Warrington to improve the business community.
Apply to Warrington
Partner with Warrington