URL: https://www.rit.edu/admissions/financial-aid
TITLE: Financial Aid and Scholarships | Admissions and Aid | RIT

Financial Aid and Scholarships
Financial Aid and Scholarships
We’re here to support your future success and make a world-class education within reach.
RIT is committed to making education accessible. We want to take the guesswork out of the aid process to help make your experience as smooth as possible. Our Financial Aid office is your partner, and we can work to create a financial plan together. Our goal is to provide assistance that can help you launch the career of your dreams.
Changes to Student and Parent Federal Loans
Changes to federal student loans take effect July 1, 2026. Learn what is changing, when the changes take effect, and what they mean for federal loan borrowers.
Learn more
This Month's Reminders
Interested in studying abroad this summer or fall?
You may qualify for a variety of aid options to assist with your study abroad experience.
Check out these steps and tips to help you explore the possibilities
Are you graduating this May?
Make sure your personal finances are in order. Complete your
student loan exit counseling
and visit
Money Matter$ Financial Literacy
for all the tools you need to understand finances and your future.
Undergraduate summer grants available
Undergraduate students may be eligible for grants (money you don’t have to pay back!) to offset summer tuition.
Learn more about summer grants
Jump to
Statistics
100
%
of all incoming RIT first-year and transfer students receive aid
$
381M
+
is awarded annually in RIT grants and scholarships
$
612M
+
is awarded annually to students from all aid sources
Your Investment
Investing in an RIT education is a decision that can pay off for your future career. We’re recognized and ranked as a
Best Value School
and a
Most Trusted University
.
Tuition and Fees
Get the information you need to apply for financial aid including deadlines, step-by-step instructions, forms, and more by selecting your student type. If financial aid is a new subject for you, review our
How Financial Aid Works
resource. If you need help or have questions,
contact us
.
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Graduate Students
International Students
NTID-Supported Students
ROTC Students Veterans and Military Families
Accepted Students
Aid for
Current Students
Applying for Aid
Get the information you need to apply for financial aid including deadlines, step-by-step instructions, forms, and more by selecting your student type. If financial aid is a new subject for you, review our
How Financial Aid Works
resource. If you need help or have questions,
contact us
.
Future Students
Information for those interested in applying to RIT or who have already applied.
Undergraduate First-Year Students
Undergraduate Transfer Students
Graduate Students
Accepted and Current Students
Information for those who have been accepted to RIT or are currently enrolled at RIT.
Accepted Students
Info for
Current Students
FAFSA Priority Filing Dates
November 1
First-Year & Transfer Students
Spring 2024
November 1
Graduate Students
Spring 2024
March 1
First-Year Students
Early Decision I - Fall 2024
March 1
First-Year Students
Early Decision II - Fall 2024
January 15
First-Year Students
Regular Decision - Fall 2024
February 1
Transfer Students
Fall 2024
March 1
Graduate Students
Fall 2024
April 1
Current Students
Scholarships and Military Benefits
Scholarships are awarded based on your academic and/or extracurricular merit. You are automatically considered for most RIT Scholarships just by
applying for admission
.
There are also several awards you may be eligible for, including the
RIT Alumni Referral Award
.
Undergraduate Scholarships and Awards
First-Year and Transfer Students
NTID-Supported Students
Graduate Scholarships and Awards
RIT offers a variety of graduate scholarships including tuition-specific scholarships. Graduate tuition scholarships are offered by academic programs in recognition of students’ records of academic excellence. The amount of the award varies by student and department. Scholarships do not include a stipend. These awards carry with them the expectation that students will maintain a minimum academic standard (3.0 cumulative grade point average) and make satisfactory progress toward their degrees.
Students who qualify for a full RIT tuition waiver or full reimbursement from an employer or an outside agency are not eligible for an RIT Graduate Scholarship.
Compare all graduate scholarships
ROTC Scholarships and Veteran Benefits
ROTC Scholarships
The Army, Air Force, and Navy each have ROTC programs that offer scholarships to cover some or all of the cost of a student's education. Select a branch to learn more about scholarship offerings.
Army ROTC
Air Force ROTC
Navy ROTC
RIT (ROTC) Room and Board Scholarship
Provided to an incoming first-year or transfer student who was first selected
in high school
by one of the branches of the U.S. Armed Forces as the recipient of a three-year or four-year ROTC Scholarship. These students, commonly referred to as
Advanced Designees
, must accept the ROTC Scholarship prior to starting college to qualify for the RIT Room and Board Scholarship. The RIT Room and Board Scholarship starts in the Advanced Designee’s first year, whether or not the student is a recipient of a three-year or a four-year ROTC scholarship. The RIT Room and Board Scholarship is renewed for up to four years (eight semesters) assuming the student continues to be eligible for their specific ROTC Scholarship.
Veteran Benefits (GI Bill®, Vocational Rehabilitation, Yellow Ribbon)
Qualified Veterans and dependents generally receive military benefits from the following Chapters: 30, 31, 33 (Post 9/11), 35, or 1606. In addition, RIT offers Yellow Ribbon funding to qualified individuals.
For more information regarding veteran benefits, contact the
Office of Veteran Student Success
.
Division I Athletic Awards
Athletic scholarships at RIT are available only for men's and women’s ice hockey.
Under NCAA rules, athletic scholarships are strictly prohibited for Division III athletes; additionally, athletic involvement must not be a consideration for merit scholarships or need-based financial aid.
For more information on athletic scholarships visit
RIT Athletics
or email Bethany Marren; NCAA Compliance Officer at
blsatl@rit.edu
.
Outside Scholarships
Depending on your financial need, you may want to explore outside scholarships. You may be eligible for additional scholarships from outside institutions to assist you in affording your education.
Outside scholarships
Learn about other types of aid
Grants and Loans
Need-Based Grants
Grants are need-based aid, available to undergraduate students, that do not have to be repaid. Grants are based on a student's FAFSA results.
RIT does not require applicants or current students to complete the CSS Profile.
View Grants
Complete the FAFSA
Loans
Loans assist in financing your education and are paid back over time after you leave school.
Federal Loans for Students
Federal PLUS Loans for Parents and Graduate/Professional Students
Alternative Educational Loans
Loan Repayment
Student Employment
Many students use on-campus employment to help cover their expenses while completing their degree. RIT has more than 12,000 jobs available each year and students typically work 10 – 20 hours per week.
Federal Work Study and RIT Campus Employment are two types of student employment that may be listed in your financial aid offer.
Learn more about student employment in your aid offer
FAQs and Resources
Determine Your Financial Need
Financial Literacy
Forms
Frequently Asked Questions
Net Price Calculator
Policies
Publications
Terms and Conditions
Send us forms or documents using our secure document upload.
Upload a Document
Billing Resources
The RIT Student Financial Services Office is the central billing service center for tuition, fees, and other charges incurred by students.  Billing inquiries would be addressed to that office by calling (585) 475-6186 or emailing
asksfs@rit.edu
.
eServices (Billing) for Enrolled Students
Billing and Late Fees
Payment Options/Plans
Refund of Credit Balance
Educational Tax Credits (1098-T, 1098-E)
1098-T Tuition Tax Statement
Co-op Financial Benefits
Our unique Cooperative Education Program (Co-Op) not only complements your academics, but has financial benefits. This full-time, major-specific, paid work experience provides early career exposure that can help you stand out and earn more.
$0 tuition while on co-op
You may still qualify for federal aid while on co-op
Co-op earnings
can help you pay for personal expenses or your tuition and fees.
Class of
2022
2,932
Bachelor's Degrees Awarded
93.2%
Outcomes Rate
Featured Events
Attend a virtual event to hear directly from Financial Aid staff regarding the aid application process, accepting your financial aid offer, financial literacy as a college student, and more.
Financial Aid and Scholarships for RIT Undergraduates
There are no upcoming events at this time, but you can register to view a recording from a past event.
Register for recordings
for the virtual financial aid sessions
RIT/NTID Financial Aid and Scholarships
Financial Aid webinar for students interested in ASL-English Interpretation:
Tue, November 16 | 7 p.m. ET
Register
for the RIT/NTID Webinars
Contact Us
Our expert team is here to provide personalized support.
Please use one of the options below to connect with our office. Contacting us through multiple channels with the same question will delay response times. We appreciate your cooperation.
Chat
For general questions about the financial aid process, we recommend our
live chat
.
Email
For general questions about your specific situation, we recommend you email
ritaid@rit.edu
.
Call
For detailed questions about your specific situation, we recommend that you call
585-475-2186
.
Contacting our office by phone or email allows us to answer specific questions related to a student as long as we are able to affirm the student and the individual requesting information to protect privacy and confidentiality. Chat is reserved for general non-student specific information only.
Office of Financial Aid and Scholarships
Bausch and Lomb Center
56 Lomb Memorial Drive
Rochester Institute of Technology
Rochester, NY 14623-5604
Directions to Admissions and Aid
Financial Aid Counseling Team
Consumer Information
Secure Document Upload
Office Hours
8:30am - 4:30pm
Monday - Friday
ritaid@rit.edu
585-475-2186