URL: https://www.rit.edu/admissions/first-year
TITLE: First-Year Admissions | Admissions and Aid | RIT

First-Year Admissions
First-Year Admission
Discover the Value of an RIT Education
RIT students thrive in an environment rich with hands-on learning, customizable experiences, and global opportunities. We celebrate each student’s unique path and provide them tools for success. Don’t just take our word for it—RIT is nationally recognized for excellence.
Explore Majors
Why Choose RIT
Get a Head Start with Tiger STRIPES
Visit and Events
Whether you can visit in person or want to experience virtually, we offer opportunities every day for you to get to know RIT, meet our students and staff, and ask questions.
View all the ways you can experience RIT
Accepted Student Virtual Sessions
Virtual sessions covering student life, financial aid, and more are available live and on-demand in your admissions portal. Get answers to your questions before May 1.
Register for virtual events
Daily Tours and Information Sessions
Visit campus six days a week or explore other ways to
experience RIT
. Academic meetings and tours are also available on select dates.
Schedule your visit
Previous
Next
Did you miss Introducing RIT?
You can still access recordings from this year's event!
Access Recordings
Academic Session Recordings
We hosted dozens of virtual sessions about academics/majors this year. You can gain access to our library of recordings.
Live Beyond Academic Sessions
These virtual sessions will give you an inside look into RIT’s campus life, clubs, career and co-op preparation, dining, and more.
Connect with an Admissions Counselor
Ready to apply?
We’re Test Optional and Have Early Application Plans
Get the information you need including:
Application checklist and deadlines
Academic preparation and requirements
Choosing a major or exploration program
Learn How to Apply
Student Perspectives
Learn about RIT through the eyes and words of our students. Student creators share their tips, tricks, and stories about RIT on the TigerTalk blog.
Browse blog posts
ZeeMee: The College Connection That Changes Everything
In his blog post, Luke highlights the benefits of joining the RIT Undergraduate Community on ZeeMee.
Read More
You just landed a Co-op. Now what?
In his blog post, Nicholas offers essential steps to prepare for your upcoming co-op, from securing housing to connecting with fellow interns.
Read More
Immersions at RIT: Everything You Need to Know
Discover how RIT's immersions let you explore new interests and learn the academic requirements.
Watch now
Finding Your Place through Student Clubs
Nervous about feeling lost on campus? Discover how joining RIT's vibrant student clubs help students find community.
Read More
Previous
Next
Financial Aid and Scholarships
Make RIT financially within reach
We realize that you are taking an important step in your life; one that is exciting, yet challenging. Since you have many other things to consider as you prepare for college, we want to help make your financial aid experience as smooth as possible. Currently, more than 16,000 RIT undergraduate students receive over $612 million dollars in financial assistance from federal, state, and institutional resources, in the form of scholarships, grants, loans, and student employment.
Estimated Cost of Attendance
Financial Aid and Scholarships
Loading...
International Students
RIT attracts students from 115 countries
RIT hosts nearly 2,000 international students on the main Rochester, New York campus. The various backgrounds and perspectives represented in the RIT community enrich the living and learning experience for all. As students interact on team-based projects, campus housing, and day-to-day activities, they become enriched and better prepared for the opportunities and challenges of global interdependence.
International Student Information
Life at RIT as an International Student
International Applicant FAQs
RIT 官方中文网站
OPT Information - STEM Designated Programs
Information for Parents and Families
Parents and families play a critical role in the college search process. Families are often involved in campus visits, financial planning, and helping to weigh the pros and cons of where their student will go to school. We are here to help your family navigate the process and provide the information you need to make the best decision.
Learn why RIT is a good fit for your family
Accepted Students
You've been accepted, now it's time to be on to something amazing. Your next steps are just a click, swipe, or tap away.
Pay your deposit
Connect with us
Review your enrollment checklist
Understand your financial aid
For international students, find your comprehensive arrival guide
and much more...
Resources for Accepted Students
Information for School Counselors
Thank you for your interest in RIT. We understand how important your role is in helping students explore their college options. Our School Counselor Information Sessions are designed to provide information and resources that will support you as you guide your students in making informed choices
Discover RIT through a School Counselor Information Session
Join us for virtually to learn how students thrive at RIT through engaging academic programs, co-ops, and more. We’ll also share resources on student support, campus life, and the admissions and financial aid process.
Register
Contact Us
Live chat with admissions
Schedule an admissions interview or meeting
Frequently Asked Questions
Mailing Address
Undergraduate Admissions
Bausch and Lomb Center
60 Lomb Memorial Drive
Rochester Institute of Technology
Rochester, New York 14623-5604
Getting to Admissions and Aid
admissions@rit.edu
Phone: 585-475-6631
Meet Your Admissions Counselor
Contact Admissions
We’re here to help
If you have questions or would like to request more information, get in touch.
Live Chat
585-475-6631
admissions@rit.edu
Meet Your Admissions Counselor
Schedule an Interview or Meeting
Stay Connected
Undergraduate Admissions
Bausch and Lomb Center
60 Lomb Memorial Drive
Rochester Institute of Technology
Rochester, New York 14623-5604
Getting to Admissions and Aid
Staff Directory