URL: https://www.rit.edu/admissions/accepted-open-house
TITLE: Accepted Student Open House | Admissions and Aid | RIT

Accepted Student Open House
Accepted Student Open House
Deep-dive into your major and learn about life at RIT.
Our accepted student open house events will give you an in-depth look at your major, help you get to know our community, and show how we'll provide unparalleled preparation for your future.
On-Campus Open House
Our on-campus open house events have concluded.
You can still visit our campus by registering for a
campus tour and information session
.
Planning for the Spring 2026 Admitted Student Open House events is underway. In the meantime, you can learn more about RIT through these opportunities:
Which events interest you?
On-Campus Open House
Virtual Sessions
On-Campus Open House
Get to know our ambitious students and dedicated faculty, get all the details you need about your major, tour campus, see the residence halls, and more at our on-campus open house. Get ready to find out what amazing looks like. Students accepted to RIT/NTID associate, pre-baccalaureate, and community development and inclusive leadership programs should attend
RIT/NTID Spring Open Houses
.
Register for the On-Campus Open House:
register for the open house on
April 11
Use your RIT admissions login credentials
Academic Meetings
Deep-dive into your major; meet faculty, view our state-of-the-art facilities, talk to students, and ask your questions.
Campus Resource and Activities Fair
Learn about resources and activities available to RIT students. Ask any questions you may have about RIT resources ranging from campus life to club sports to wellness.
Campus and Residence Hall Tours
Take a student-led tour and get your questions answered as you’re guided through campus. There are lots of amazing things to see.
Get Answers to Your Questions
Attend information sessions and ask your questions during our presentations on Financial Aid, Co-op and Career Services, ROTC, Disability Services, and more.
Lunch Is On Us
Get to know faculty and staff during an informal lunch meet and greet. Or, head off on your own to try one of our 21 dining locations.
Special Interest Housing Fair
Special Interest Houses give you the space and equipment to be immersed in your interests – get to know Art House, Computer Science House, Engineering House, Photo House, Unity House, and more.
Previous
Next
Open House Schedule
You will receive a detailed schedule upon arrival, but here is an overview of the day:
8:00 - 9:00 a.m.
Check-in
9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.
Opening Session and Academic Meetings
11:30 a.m. - 3:30 p.m.
Presentations, Lunch, Tours, and Fairs
Take the Night Before Campus Tour
Join us for a campus tour the evening before an open house. You'll have more time on the day of the open house to attend fairs and get a feel for campus.
Tours depart at 5:30 p.m. and last about an hour. Registration is required.
Virtual Sessions
There's so much more to learn about academics and beyond during our virtual sessions.
Check your admissions portal for any special event invitations related to your admittance. This can include events from your college or major and/or special programs you have been accepted to.
View recordings from events that go beyond the academics. These will give you an inside look into RIT’s campus life, clubs, career and co-op preparation, housing, and more.
View recordings in your admissions portal
Use your RIT admissions login credentials
After Open House: Finding Your Community
Join RIT’s Women in Engineering, Computing, and Technology for an afternoon of real talk, hands-on fun, and a first look at your support system. This event is open to all students, regardless of gender identity. Everyone's welcome.
Register now
Accepted Student Open House will be photographed/videoed. By attending, you grant Rochester Institute of Technology (“RIT”) permission to use photographs and/or audio-visual recordings in which you appear, now and in the future, for illustration, promotion, art, editorial, advertising, and trade, or any other purpose.
Virtual Sessions
There's so much more to learn about academics and beyond during our virtual sessions.
Check your admissions portal for any special event invitations related to your admittance. This can include events from your college or major and/or special programs you have been accepted to.
Register for events that go beyond the academics. These will give you an inside look into RIT’s campus life, clubs, career and co-op preparation, housing, and more.
Log into your admissions portal
Use your RIT admissions login credentials
Career Outcomes through Co-op & Experience
Recording available in your admissions portal
Disability Services
Recording available in your admissions portal
Financial Aid and Scholarships
Recording available in your admissions portal
Housing and Dining
Recording available in your admissions portal
Performing Arts
Recording available in your admissions portal
Pre-Health
Recording available in your admissions portal
Student Life
Monday, April 27 at 5 p.m.
Student Panel
Recording available in your admissions portal
In the meantime, stop by RIT for a visit
Schedule an in-person interview, campus tour, and residence hall tour.
View dates and schedule
Access Recordings in Your Portal
Live academic and beyond sessions have concluded, but you can still access all the recordings from the year's virtual accepted student open house. Log into your admissions portal, using your RIT admissions login to view your personal recordings.
Log into your portal to view
Daily Tours and Information Sessions
Visit campus six days a week or explore other ways to
experience RIT
.
Schedule your visit
Virtual Sessions
We are currently planning virtual sessions designed to cover both academics and topics beyond the classroom. Be sure to regularly check your email and Admissions Portal for all scheduling updates and session details.