URL: https://www.rit.edu/admissions/transfer
TITLE: Transfer Admission | Admissions and Aid | RIT

Transfer Admission
Transfer Admission
Join Us for Fall 2024
Select majors have space available for transfer applicants.
Learn what is needed to apply
Explore which credits will transfer to RIT
Start your application
Attend an Information Session
|
Learn About Transfer Scholarships
Your Strong Start Deserves a Spectacular Finish
RIT students thrive in an environment rich with hands-on learning, customizable experiences, and global opportunities. We celebrate each student’s unique path and provide them tools for success. Don’t just take our word for it—RIT is nationally recognized for excellence.
Explore Majors
Why Choose RIT
Get a Head Start with Tiger STRIPES
Jump to Section
Visits and Events
Transferring Credits
How to Apply
Financial Aid and Scholarships
International Transfer Students
Parents and Families
Accepted Students
Contact Us
Visit and Events
Whether you can visit in person or want to experience virtually, we offer opportunities every day for you to get to know RIT, meet our students and staff, and ask questions.
View all the ways you can experience RIT
Accepted Student Virtual Sessions
Virtual sessions covering student life, financial aid, and more are available live and on-demand in your admissions portal. Get answers to your questions before May 1.
Register for virtual events
Daily Tours and Information Sessions
Visit campus six days a week or explore other ways to
experience RIT
. Academic meetings and tours are also available on select dates.
Schedule your visit
Join Us for a Transfer Virtual Information Session
The perfect opportunity to learn more about transferring to RIT to complete your undergraduate degree.
Learn more and register
Previous
Next
Did you miss Introducing RIT?
You can still access recordings from this year's event!
Access Recordings
Loading...
Transferring Credits
Navigate transferring your credits to RIT with ease! We provide you with the tools to understand how your credits will transfer and how to send in test results.
Learn more about transferring credits
How to Apply
RIT welcomes you to take the next step—apply now! We walk you through how to start an application, review our transfer application checklist, important deadlines, and more.
Learn how to apply
Student Perspective: 5 Reasons I Transferred to RIT
RIT Life: Learn about housing, campus traditions, clubs, and more
ZeeMee: The College Connection That Changes Everything
Financial Aid and Scholarships
We want to help make your financial aid and scholarship experience as smooth as possible. Each year, more than
14,000 RIT undergraduate students receive over $612 million in financial assistance
through scholarships, grants, loans, and part-time employment opportunities.
Scholarships to help you reach what’s next
Transfer merit scholarships
range from
$10,000 - $25,000 annually
. You may qualify for additional stackable scholarships that can be combined with your merit award, including:
RIT Phi Theta Kappa Scholarships for Transfer Students
RIT Alumni Referral Award
RIT Performing Arts Scholarship
RIT Esports Scholarship
RIT Hillside Scholarship
We want to help make RIT financially within reach
RIT offers a variety of federal, state, and institutional
financial aid
resources to help make your education affordable. Review the
Estimated Cost of Attendance
to understand your full financial picture.
You may be eligible for a combination of:
Grants and loans
Student employment
Gain real world experience while you earn a degree
RIT is known for providing extraordinary, real-world experience. Our cooperative education program (co-op) offers paid, full-time experience that launches careers. As a transfer student, you can:
Complete a co-op with no delay to finishing your degree
Gain real world experience before you graduate
Earn money during your co-op, without paying tuition for that semester—co-op students typically earn an average of $15,345
Learn more about co-op
International Transfer Students
RIT attracts students from every state and 115 countries
RIT hosts nearly 2,000 international students from 115 different countries on the main Rochester, New York campus. The variety of backgrounds and perspectives represented in the RIT community enriches the living and learning experience for all. As students interact on team-based projects, in campus housing and in day-to-day activities, they become enriched and better prepared for the opportunities and challenges of global interdependence.
International Student Information
International Applicant FAQs
English Language Proficiency Requirements
Parents and Families
Parents and families play a critical role in the college search process
Families are often involved in campus visits, financial planning, and helping to weigh the pros and cons of where their student will go to school. We are here to help your family navigate the process and provide the information you need to make the best decision.
Learn why RIT is a good fit for your family
Accepted Students
You've been accepted
, now it's time to be on to something amazing. Your next steps are just a click, swipe, or tap away.
Pay your deposit
Connect with us
Review your enrollment checklist
Understand your financial aid
For international students, find your
comprehensive arrival guide
and much more...
Resources for Accepted Students
Contact Admissions
If you have questions regarding your application, we’re here to help.
Molly Lane
Associate Director
585-475-2612
meladm@rit.edu
Academic Focus:
Art and Design, Health Sciences, and Individualized Study
Emily Cooper
Assistant Director
585-475-4398
efcadm@rit.edu
Academic Focus:
Liberal Arts and Business
Erica Coffey
Assistant Director, Transfer Admission
ekcadm@rit.edu
Academic Focus:
Science, Engineering and Engineering Technology, and Computing and Information Sciences
Deaf and Hard-of-Hearing and Hearing NTID-Supported Students
in all programs can contact
ntidadmissions@rit.edu
with questions regarding your application.
Live chat with admissions
Request an appointment or schedule a campus visit
Frequently Asked Questions
Stay Connected
Mailing Address
Undergraduate Admissions
Bausch and Lomb Center
60 Lomb Memorial Drive
Rochester Institute of Technology
Rochester, New York 14623-5604
Getting to Admissions and Aid
admissions@rit.edu
Phone: 585-475-6631