URL: https://www.rit.edu/admissions/transfer/apply
TITLE: How to Apply as a Transfer Student | Admissions and Aid | RIT

How to Apply as a Transfer Student
How to Apply
As a Transfer Student
If you’ve taken college classes after graduating high school or earning your GED, you’re considered a transfer student. RIT welcomes you to take the next step—apply today and join our dynamic community!
Start an Application
Applying to RIT is simple!
You have two options: the RIT Application or the Common Application. On your application, you will select a first-choice major, and if applicable, a second and third choice.
RIT Application
-or-
Common Application
Manage an Application
Within the RIT admissions portal, you can monitor your application, submit a portfolio (if required), apply for the Performing Arts Scholarship, receive your admissions decision, and more.
If you need to change your submitted application, do not submit a new application. Please email
admissions@rit.edu
with your request (e.g. change academic program choices, change your term, withdraw application, etc).
Log Into Your Admissions Account
Application Checklist
Use this list to make sure you don't miss a step!
Complete the Common Application or RIT Application
Pay the
$65 application fee
Request official academic transcripts from all colleges you have attended (even if only one class).
Transcripts should be sent to RIT
Undergraduate Admissions
* either electronically to
admissions@rit.edu
or by mail to the address below.
Undergraduate Admissions Office
60 Lomb Memorial Drive
Rochester, NY 14623-5608
Note:
Please do not send transcripts to the Registrar.
Conditional Requirements
If you have completed fewer than 30 semester hours (45 quarter hours) at the time of your application, high school transcripts are required and SAT/ACT scores are optional.
For international applicants only, students whose native language is not English must submit results of the Duolingo, IELTS, LanguageCert Academic, PTE Academic, or TOEFL examination. Testing can be self-reported.
View English Language Proficiency Requirements
An
Art Portfolio
is required for admission to the Schools of Art, Design, and Film and Animation. Submit your portfolio through the
RIT Admissions Portal
after applying or mail it to Undergraduate Admissions.
*
For deaf and hard-of-hearing applicants, please refer to the
NTID Transfer Admission Checklist
. Applicants to American Sign Language Interpreting Education should refer to
ASL-English Interpretation Admissions
.
When to Apply
Try to Apply by Priority Deadlines:
Priority deadlines secure space in academic programs and provide the needed time to complete your enrollment before your first semester at RIT.
Missed the Deadline? Not a Problem!
We accept applications after deadlines on a rolling, space-available basis. Questions? Contact
admissions@rit.edu
.
Fall
Application Priority Deadline:
February 1
Currently Accepting Applications
Recommended FAFSA Submission Deadline:
February 1
Current Accepting
Decision Notification:
Rolling
1
Deposit Deadline:
May 1
Spring
Application Priority Deadline:
November 1
Recommended FAFSA Submission Deadline:
November 1
Decision Notification:
Rolling
Deposit Deadline:
December 1
1
Fall applicants to the following programs will receive admission decisions starting in mid-March: Biomedical Engineering, Chemical Engineering,  Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science, Cybersecurity, Film & Animation, Diagnostic Medical Sonography, Physician Assistant (BS/MS), or Game Design and Development and programs within the School of Design.
2
Select programs admit for Summer term. Contact
admissions@rit.edu
if you have any questions about enrolling in Summer.
Transferring Credits
Navigate transferring your credits to RIT with ease! We provide you with the tools to understand how your credits will transfer and how to send in test results.
Learn more about transferring credits
Maximize Your Credits, Personalize Your Major
We know you’ve worked hard for the credits you earned. Explore our
School of Individualized Study
, where you can create a personalized program tailored to your unique goals and interests, giving you the flexibility to study online if preferable and maximizing your transfer credits.
Learn more about the Individualized Program BS
Degree-Specific Requirements
Have you completed 30 college-level credits or more?
A
Yes
Specific requirements are detailed by college below. View degrees by college if you are not sure
which college
your degree is in.
B
No
Please refer to the
First Year Degree-Specific Requirements
to see degree-specific requirements.
College of Art and Design
Programs in the School of Art and in the School of Design
All programs require studio art experience and a portfolio of original artwork.
View portfolio guidelines
Medical Illustration requires biology.
Programs in the School of Film and Animation
Film and Animation requires a portfolio of expressive, original work.
View portfolio guidelines
Motion Picture Science requires a minimum of pre-calculus. Calculus is preferred. Chemistry or physics is required and both are recommended.
Programs in the School of Photographic Arts and Sciences
Photographic Sciences requires biology.
Photographic Sciences requires a minimum of college algebra. Pre-calculus is preferred.
Saunders College of Business
All Programs
A minimum of college algebra is required. Pre-calculus or calculus is preferred.
Golisano College of Computing and Information Sciences
Computing and Information Technologies and Human-Centered Computing
A minimum of college algebra is required. Pre-calculus or calculus is preferred.
Chemistry or physics is required.
Computing courses are preferred.
All Other Programs
A minimum of precalculus is required. Calculus is preferred.
Chemistry or physics is required.
Computing courses are preferred.
Kate Gleason College of Engineering
All Programs
A minimum of precalculus is required. Calculus is preferred.
Chemistry and physics are required.
Biomedical Engineering requires biology.
College of Engineering Technology
All Programs
A minimum of college algebra is required. Pre-calculus or calculus is preferred.
Chemistry or physics is required.
College of Health Sciences and Technology
All Programs
A minimum of college algebra is required. Pre-calculus or calculus is preferred.
Biology is required for all programs.
Chemistry is required for all programs except Diagnostic Medical Sonography
Physics is preferred for Diagnostic Medical Sonography.
College of Liberal Arts
All Programs
A minimum of college algebra is required.
College of Science
Applied Mathematics, Applied Statistics and Data Analytics, Computational Mathematics, and Imaging Science
A minimum of precalculus is required. Calculus is preferred.
Chemistry or physics is required.
Physics
A minimum of precalculus is required. Calculus is preferred.
Physics is required.
All Other Programs
A minimum of college algebra is required. Pre-calculus or calculus is preferred.
Biology is required for Biochemistry, Biology, Biotechnology and Molecular Bioscience, Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, Environmental Science, and Neuroscience.
Chemistry is required for all programs.
National Technical Institute for the Deaf (NTID)
Deaf and hard-of-hearing students seeking admission to bachelor’s degree programs in the other colleges of RIT should refer to the information for the appropriate college and apply for NTID support and access services during the application process.
A Pre-baccalaureate Studies Option is also available for students who may need additional preparation before entering a bachelor’s degree program in engineering, liberal arts, science and mathematics, or visual communications.
The following requirements are for
Bachelor's degrees offered by NTID
. For requirements for all other NTID degrees, visit
How to Apply to NTID
.
American Sign Language-English Interpretation
Strong performance in English is expected.
Must demonstrate competency to begin at ASL II.
Community Development and Inclusive Leadership
Strong performance in English and social sciences is expected.
ASL fluency is required for hearing students applying to the Deaf Leadership track.
Contact Admissions
If you have questions regarding your application, we’re here to help.
Live Chat
+1-585-475-6631
admissions@rit.edu