URL: https://www.rit.edu/admissions/online
TITLE: Online Education Admission | Admissions and Aid | RIT

Online Education Admission
Online Education Admission
Options for Balancing Work, Family and College Studies to Help You Move Forward
A degree or certificate from RIT comes with certain perks. Greater earning potential in growing fields, the support and experience of accomplished professionals with real-world connections, and a world-class reputation that earns immediate respect from employers around the world. Whether you are studying on campus or online, RIT offers options and support to help you reach your education goals.
Advance your career while balancing work and family
Join our webinar July 23 at 5 p.m. to learn how RIT's online grad programs fit around your life.
Register
Learning Online with RIT
Leveraging decades of experience, RIT's online education captures the world-class quality of RIT and customize it for online learning. RIT’s reputable faculty instruct over 20 degree and certificate programs, with hundreds of individual course offerings available each term. Students enrolled in select online degree programs benefit from reduced tuition.
Graduate Degrees and Advanced Certificates
With graduate degrees and advanced certificate programs spanning design, science, engineering, computing, and the social sciences, RIT can help you advance to the next level of your career.
View Graduate Degrees and Advanced Certificates
Bachelor’s and Associate's Degrees
Our online and part-time undergraduate programs are designed for adult learners seeking a bachelor's or associate's degree. Our advisors can help you apply undergraduate credits from another university to complete your degree through our Applied Arts and Sciences programs.
View Bachelor’s and Associate's Degrees
Professional Training and Certification
Professional training and certifications allow you to gain, apply, and demonstrate the in-demand professional skills you need to find your next job, move forward in your career, or take your life in a new direction. These are non-credit-bearing certificates that help you level up in the most in-demand fields:
RIT Certified
RITx Micromasters, Professional Certificates, and individual courses
Advising and Counseling
Our team of admissions counselors and academic advisors is ready to help you explore education options, guide you through the admission process, and assist with course registration. Schedule an appointment to talk with one of our admissions counselors.
Schedule an Appointment
Information Sessions
Join us for a live interactive information session about online learning at RIT or view a past recording. Connect with admissions counselors, career advisors, and faculty members to learn about how an online graduate degree from RIT can propel your career forward.
Register for an Upcoming Webinar
Browse Past Recordings
Online Study Resources for Accepted Students
Once you are admitted to an online degree program, be sure to visit our online resources webpage for a checklist of next steps. Here you will get information on how to activate your RIT account, access your courses, and connect to other valuable RIT resources.
Online Student Resources
Register for an Individual Course
Not ready for a degree program? If you are looking to sharpen your skills with an individual course or earn a few credits, we offer a direct registration process. Note that seats are often reserved for degree-seeking students, and space may be limited. Follow the instructions below to find a class and request enrollment.
Register for a Course
Browse
undergraduate course descriptions
or
graduate course descriptions
.
Visit the
Student Information System
, select Public Class Search, then SIS Class Search to view the schedule for classes for your desired term. Choose "online" in the Mode of Instruction filter to view only online classes.
Complete the
Non-Degree Enrollment Request Form
and submit it to the Registrar using the instructions in the form.
Once your request has been received by the Registrar, it typically takes 1-3 business days to be processed. Note that some classes require faculty approval and/or are only available to matriculated students. You will receive an email notification once you are enrolled.
For questions,
email the Office of the Registrar
or
submit a ticket
.
Cost and Financial Aid
Tuition Rates
The RIT online tuition rate is intended for students pursuing designated online degree programs.
View online degree tuition
Individual courses are billed the standard RIT tuition rate, whether studying online or in person.
View standard tuition rates
Funding Your Online Education
A combination of sources can help fund your online education including financial aid, loans, other outside aid sources.
Learn more about financial aid
Corporate-Sponsored Learning
RIT has a long history of industry sponsorship and has earned an outstanding reputation for excellence in providing professional development via graduate programming. We offer both evening and online courses through an academic portfolio that addresses the ongoing requirements and challenges today's workplace. We welcome the opportunity to work with you as you assist employees interested in continuing their education at RIT. Click on any section below for more information on available services.
Corporate Partners
Bank of America
Contact us
for partnership details.
Boeing
Contact us
for partnership details.
Rochester Regional Health
The RIT & Rochester Regional Health Alliance is dedicated to innovation in medical care, education, and research for the betterment of individuals in our institutions and the greater community. Qualified Rochester Regional Health employees and their dependents are eligible to receive a tuition discount from RIT. To apply or for more information, visit the
Rochester Regional benefit website
.
Rochester Regional Health benefits-eligible employees enrolled in an
online degree program
or course are eligible to receive 50% off the published standard RIT tuition rate. The Rochester Regional tuition discount cannot be applied to the RIT Online tuition rate, or any other discounted rate at RIT, nor can it be combined with any other RIT discounts or scholarships.
Corporate Sponsorship
Advance your career without hitting pause. RIT’s Corporate Sponsorship program empowers working professionals with a minimum 40% tuition discount for online programs and flexible, part-time options that fit a demanding schedule. By combining high-impact graduate education with simplified employer billing, we make it easier than ever for both individuals and companies to move forward, together.
Learn more about corporate-sponsored learning as an employee
Learn how your company can partner with RIT
Contact Us
Office of Graduate Admissions
gradinfo@rit.edu
Phone: 585-475-2229
Fax: 585-475-7164
RIT 官方中文网站