URL: https://www.rit.edu/admissions/dhh
TITLE: Opportunities for Deaf and Hard-of-hearing | Admissions and Aid | RIT

Opportunities for Deaf and Hard-of-hearing
Opportunities for
Deaf and Hard-of-Hearing Students
Overview
The opportunities for deaf and hard-of-hearing students at RIT are unmatched by any university in the world. As the home to the National Technical Institute for the Deaf (NTID), RIT offers a wide array future-focused academic programs and unparalleled access and support services for deaf and hard-of hearing students.
infographics
1
st
College of Its Kind
NTID is the first and largest technological college in the world for deaf and hard-of-hearing students.
1.1k
Deaf and Hard-of-Hearing Students
The number of students RIT serves every year from around the United and States and the world.
90
%
Receive Financial Assistance
of full-time undergraduate deaf and hard-of-hearing students
Academic Opportunities
Bachelor Degree Programs
If you’re interested in and qualified for a bachelor’s degree program, you can pursue any of more than 90 exciting and challenging majors offered in the RIT
College of Engineering Technology
,
Saunders College of Business
,
Golisano College of Computing and Information Sciences
,
Kate Gleason College of Engineering
,
College of Health Sciences and Technology
, College of Art and Design
,
College of Liberal Arts
, and
College of Science
. If you’re unsure which major fits your interests, you can explore undecided programs through these RIT colleges and through the
School of Individualized Study
.
Explore the bachelor's degree programs available at RIT.
RIT’s
National Technical Institute for the Deaf
also offers a bachelor's degree program in Community Development and Inclusive Leadership, and for students interested in the ASL-English interpretation program, NTID offers a unique environment to study sign language interpreting.
Explore the bachelor's degree programs available at RIT.
Pre-baccalaureate Studies
If you would like to enter a bachelor’s degree program in the college of Engineering, Art and Design, Liberal Arts or Science, but need to complete some courses in order to qualify for admission, you may be eligible to enter a pre-baccalaureate program. All pre-baccalaureate programs are individualized, planned by you and your academic adviser to prepare you for the bachelor’s degree program to which you wish to apply.
Learn more about these programs
.
Associate + Bachelor’s Degree Programs
RIT's National Technical Institute for the Deaf offers an array of associate degrees that provide a solid foundation for entry into RIT bachelor’s degree programs. Current programs include Accounting Technology, Administrative Support Technology, Information Technology, Applied Liberal Arts, Applied Mechanical Technology, Civil Technology, Business, Business Administration, General Science and Laboratory Science Technology.
Learn more about these programs
.
Career-focused Associate Degree Programs
If you’re looking for the fast track to career success, you also may choose to pursue an associate degree in any of our state-of-the-art technical programs. These include: Accounting Technology, Administrative Support Technology, Applied Computer Technology, Business Technology, Business Administration, Architectural and Civil Drafting Technology (formerly Computer-Aided Drafting Technology), Design and Imaging Technology, 3D Graphics Technology, Mobile Application Development, Precision Manufacturing Technology, and Laboratory Science Technology.
Learn more about these programs
.
Career Exploration Programs
If you want to collect additional information about careers and majors before deciding on an associate degree program of study, you may choose a career exploration/decision option.  These programs offer you the opportunity to do a career search while you develop a better understanding of yourself through career and personal counseling and the sampling of various majors. A counselor/faculty adviser will work with you to assist you in evaluating information and making a career decision.
You may remain in a career exploration/decision program for up to one year to select and prepare for a major. During that time, you will take introductory and foundation courses in various majors as well as courses in mathematics, humanities and social science.
Learn more about these programs
.
Graduate Degree Programs
Graduate study options include master’s and doctoral degrees, as well as advanced graduate certificates. RIT offers sev­eral ways to obtain your graduate degree, including part-time study, evening programs, online learning, accelerated executive education programs, and one-year master’s degree options.
Learn more about these programs
.
NTID Admissions
Whether your inquiry is about a program, admission requirements, student life or financial options, our admissions counselors can assist you with your needs.
NTID Admissions
Support and Access Services
NTID provides interpreting, notetaking, and real-time captioning services to the RIT community. Access services enable deaf and hard-of-hearing students to register and fully participate in more than 200 highly competitive academic programs.
RIT/NTID Access and Support Services
The Right Fit
Connect from day one with deaf and hard-of-hearing peers, faculty, and staff, and discover more about yourself than you ever knew.
Find Your Fit
Costs and Financial Aid
Because RIT/NTID receives special federal support, deaf and hard-of-hearing students enrolled in any undergraduate degree program pay less than one-half of RIT’s regular tuition. The reduced tuition rate also applies for students enrolled in the ASL-English Interpretation program. Deaf and hard-of-hearing students enrolled in graduate degree programs also pay a reduced tuition rate. This also applies to hearing students enrolled in the Deaf Education MS program. At RIT/NTID, we pride ourselves on making a great education truly affordable.
How to Apply for Financial Aid
Scholarships for NTID-Supported Students
Estimated Cost of Attendance
(see Deaf and Hard-of-Hearing and Hearing NTID-Supported Students)
Plan a Visit
Scheduling a visit, online information sessions, and more
NTID Visit and Events
Open House
Come to Open House and find out why choosing RIT/NTID means a superior education, a unique college experience and the right fit for you!
NTID Open House
Contact and Connect
National Technical Institute for the Deaf
Lyndon Baines Johnson (LBJ) Hall
52 Lomb Memorial Drive
Rochester Institute of Technology
Rochester, New York 14623-5604
More Contact Information
Office Hours
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday.
NTIDadmissions@rit.edu
585-475-6700 (Voice)
585-743-1366 (Videophone)