URL: https://www.rit.edu/parking/visitors
TITLE: Visitors | Parking and Transportation Services | RIT

Visitors
Visitors
Visitor parking permits are available at the Welcome Center.
Please make sure the pass is visible on the dashboard of your vehicle.
RIT members are responsible for informing their guests of the RIT parking rules and regulations. All visitor spaces located on campus require a permit/pass. Sponsors of RIT departmental functions are responsible for any citations or towing fees incurred by their guests. Participants of multi-day seminar, camp, or conferences, should contact the department organizing the event for parking arrangements and instructions.
If your vehicle is issued a parking citation, please follow the instructions on the citation and file your appeal as appropriate.
Visitor Parking
Residence Halls Guests
Daytime or overnight visitors of residence halls residents may park in Lots C and K. A visitor permit is required between the hours of 5 a.m. and 5 p.m. Monday through Friday. This permit is free and can be obtained from the Welcome Center. Visitors arriving after 5 p.m. on Friday and leaving campus before Monday morning at 5 a.m. are not required to have a visitor pass to park in these lots.
Apartment Complex Guests
Guests at RIT Residential Apartments may use the specifically signed Visitor spaces at University Commons, Riverknoll, Global Village and Perkins Green.   A Visitor pass is required to use these spaces.  A daily Visitor pass can be issued at the main Welcome Center for all visitors parked in those Residential lots. Visitors who park in spaces University Housing spaces without a valid Visitor pass from the Welcome Center are subject to citations. During evenings and weekends overflow parking for visitors is available as follows:
Perkins Apartments – K-Lot
Riverknoll/Greek Housing – overflow parking in GV lot (located north of Kimball Drive).
Seminar/Workshop Participants
Seminar, workshop and/or conference participants should contact the organizers of their events for parking arrangements. Organizers of seminars, workshops and conferences are responsible for making parking arrangements for participants and for informing participants of RIT parking rules. The Parking Office should be notified well in advance of the event. Arrangements can be made through the
RIT Event Management System (EMS)
.
Permits
Visitor permits for residence hall guests are available at the Welcome Center beginning at 7:30 am on weekdays or at the Parking Office in FMS Building 99 weekdays between 10am - 2pm. Permits are free. Weekend visitors arriving after 5:00 pm on Friday and leaving before 5:00 am on Monday are not required to obtain a permit.
Parking regulations are enforced on campus. If you are issued a citation, follow the instructions on it for payment or visit the Appeals page of the website to file an appeal.
Frequently Asked Questions
How can I get a visitor pass?
Visitor passes are available from the Welcome Center.
How much does a visitor pass cost?
There is no cost for a visitor pass.
When do I need a visitor pass?
You need a visitor pass to park on campus between 5:00 am and 5:00 pm, Monday through Friday.  Permits are not required for overnight parking or for visitors who arrive after 5:00 pm on Friday and leave before 5:00 am on the following Monday.
Where can I park with a visitor pass?
There are designated Visitor parking spaces in E Lot.  The attendant at the Welcome Center will provide you with information about where your daily Visitor Pass is valid.
Do I need a visitor permit to park in a campus apartment lot?
Parking in campus apartment lots is restricted to residents of the respective apartment complex.  A visitor pass is required to park in these lots from 5am to 5 pm Monday through Friday.
Visitors who do not obtain a visitor pass may be cited or towed at their own expense.
There are no visitor spaces available in the apartment complex I am visiting.  What should I do?
Overflow parking for overnight guests is available in A Lot, K Lot, or the Global Village Lot.
What if I get a parking citation?
Parking is enforced on campus.  If you receive a citation, payment instructions are on the citation or you may appeal the citation by visiting the Appeals section of the parking website.