URL: https://www.rit.edu/spotlights/research-insights-food-tourism-life-satisfaction-factor
TITLE: Research Insights: Food tourism, a life satisfaction factor | RIT

November 3, 2023
Muhammet Kesgin
Food tourism contributes to long-term life satisfaction and sense of well-being
Gastro(food)-tourism—sampling local, region-specific food and drink while traveling—has become a key element in the hospitality industry. In fact, on average, one-fourth of tourist expenditures go toward food experiences. Nevertheless, there has been little rigorous, quantitative examination of how gastro-tourism experiences contribute to life satisfaction, an important consideration for those studying consumer behavior.
In a co-authored article, “Gastro-tourism well-being: the interplays of salient and enduring determinants,” published in the
International Journal of Hospitality Management
,
Muhammet Kesgin
, Associate Professor in Saunders College Department of International Hospitality and Service Innovation, and his collaborators examined how gastro-tourism, either deliberate or incidental, contributes to tourists’ long-term life satisfaction and sense of well-being beyond the simple pleasures of eating and drinking. They were particularly interested in gastro-tourism experiences that remain vivid in travelers’ memories for a long time. The authors collected quantitative data using an online survey of tourists’ deliberate and incidental gastro-tourism experiences.
Kesgin and his colleagues found that food experiences for tourists are not only merely hedonic but also provide satisfaction later in life, and not only concerning pleasure: for example, spending good times with friends and family, and enjoying life.  These gastro-tourism experiences can be meaningful, an important part of autobiographical memory.
View the paper, in the
International Journal of Hospitality Management
, 34(9) 2022, “
Gastro-tourism well-being: the interplays of salient and enduring determinants
.”
View all
Saunders Research Insights
on our website.