URL: https://www.cmu.edu/admission
TITLE: Undergraduate Admission - Undergraduate Admission - Carnegie Mellon University

Weave Your Own Path
Becoming a Tartan Unlocks Infinite Opportunities
Join a community of like-minded thinkers who value compassion, curiosity and creativity and share a common goal: to make life better for humankind. At Carnegie Mellon, your options are as boundless as your imagination, and the impact you make is yours to weave.
Read Our Student & Community Blog
Powered by Curator.io
(opens in new window)
It’s your life. Major in it.
When you let your interests guide you and your passions propel you, you find yourself doing work that matters. And it begins here.
EXPLORE ALL PROGRAMS
Arts
Business
Computer Science
Engineering
Humanities and Social Sciences
Information Systems
Science and Math
Arts + Academics
Financial Aid and the Value of Carnegie Mellon
Let's meet where you are. And get you where you want to go.
Paying for a CMU Education
100%
Our financial aid resources are committed to meeting 100% of demonstrated financial need for domestic students.
$114,704
Average starting salary for 2024 graduates
$17,519
Our undergraduates average just over $17,000 in federal loan debt, much less than the $32,063 average for ranked private colleges (U.S. News & World).
91%
91% of our 2024 graduates were employed or continuing education within six months of graduation.
Use our Net Price Calculator to estimate what you'll pay.
(opens in new window)
Explore graduate outcomes for our students.
(opens in new window)
Visit and Connect
Whether you want to visit us in Pittsburgh or experience CMU from wherever you are in the world, we have visit opportunities to meet your needs and give you a glimpse of our campus and community. Explore our Visit CMU website to customize the Carnegie Mellon visit that works best for you.
Visit CMU Webpage
(opens in new window)
Campus Tours and Visit Opportunities
(opens in new window)
Online Visit
(opens in new window)
Visit Calendar
(opens in new window)