URL: https://www.cmu.edu/admission/costs-aid
TITLE: Costs & Aid - Undergraduate Admission - Carnegie Mellon University

Costs & Aid
The Payoff Is Priceless
It’s hard to put a number on the worth of a Carnegie Mellon education.  "Invaluable" sums it up nicely.  Attending CMU is a proven investment in your future, and we work to ensure that this investment is available to anyone who hopes to pursue it.
$18,000
CMU graduates have, on average,
less than $18,000
in student loan debt - the national average is $37,000.
$116,882
The 2025 graduating class had an
average starting salary
of $116,882.
91%
91% of our class of 2025 were
employed or continuing education
within six months of graduation.
No matter your situation, a CMU education can be surprisingly affordable.
CMU has bolstered our investment in undergraduate financial aid by over 86% in the last 10 years – from $75.7 million in fiscal year 2015 to $141.1 million in fiscal year 2024.
This investment has allowed us to create the
CMU Pathway Program
(opens in new window)
— an initiative designed to help any deserving student be able to attend Carnegie Mellon, regardless of socioeconomic background.
Tuition-Free
Students whose families make less than $75k/year will attend CMU completely tuition-free.
No Federal Loans
Students from families making less than $100k/year will receive financial aid that does not include federal loans.
Meeting Full Need
We're committed to using our aid resources to meet 100% of demonstrated financial need for domestic students, as determined by information on your financial aid application.
Cost & Aid Fundamentals
Everything you need to know and want to ask.
Tuition and Fees
(opens in new window)
Types of Aid
(opens in new window)
Eligibility and Applying for Aid
(opens in new window)
Financial Aid FAQ
(opens in new window)
Net Price Calculator
CMU offers a Net Price Calculator to give students and families a better idea of what their actual cost might be.  This tool is intended for U.S. citizens, eligible non-citizens and permanent residents who plan on pursuing a full-time undergraduate degree but haven't yet applied to CMU.
Learn About the Net Price Calculator
(opens in new window)
If You’re Willing, We’ll Find a Way
We offer all kinds of help for all sorts of circumstances.
Admission Counseling Session
Email Admission
"Money was a large factor for me. The resources, connections and experiences I had at CMU were well worth it based on my aid."
Olivia '21