URL: https://www.cmu.edu/admission/campus-experience/activities-and-engagement
TITLE: Activities and Engagement - Undergraduate Admission - Carnegie Mellon University

Activities & Engagement
If it looks like all kinds of fun, that’s because it is.
Matthew
"I chose CMU because it was the perfect balance between academics and athletics. I am able to train and compete at the national level while being able to focus on rigorous academics."
Matthew '23
Where dreamers and doers come together to create a community all their own.
Take a look at your future collaborators, busy creating a community that’s utterly and profoundly Carnegie Mellon.
Clubs and Organizations
Our heart is in the play, too.
At Carnegie Mellon, our heart is always in our work, but we also take our fun, games and activities seriously. Explore the activities and student organizations that you can join and lead, and imagine the accomplishments and friendships you’ll make.
From planning memory-making moments to supporting ideas and creativity, the
Office of Student Involvement and Traditions
(opens in new window)
helps students achieve their goals and initiatives beyond the classroom.
See Full List
Community Engagement and Leadership Development
Leadership Development
At Carnegie Mellon, leadership development isn't just a weekend seminar. It's an exploration of self to gain the skills to effectively navigate team dynamics and grow stronger connections to their community.
Learn More
Community Engagement
The office of Community Engagement and Leadership Development educates and empowers students to become effective community-minded leaders who create positive societal change.
Focus on your growth through philanthropy, service, civic discourse, activism and social justice.
Get Involved
Stay Active
Intramural Sports
How do you want to play?
Intramural sports are popular on campus, including leagues and one-day events throughout the academic year. You can participate in flag football, soccer, softball, inner-tube water polo, cross country and dodgeball — just to name a few. Whether you’re in it for the fierce competition or just for the friendly camaraderie, you’ll find a team to fit.
Learn More
Club Sports
Club sports offer you a chance to continue your interests from high school or to pick up a new one, while competing against other colleges and universities. There are 23 club sports organizations, including figure skating, crew (rowing), cricket, rugby, Ultimate Frisbee, cycling, fencing and martial arts.
Learn More
Varsity Sports
Carnegie Mellon sponsors 19 Division III varsity sports teams. The Carnegie Mellon Tartans consistently compete on a high level, with teams and individual athletes routinely continuing on to post-season competition.
Learn More
Fraternity & Sorority Life
Every fraternity and sorority at Carnegie Mellon shares a commitment to excellence — as people, for the community, in academics and for the well-being of every member. Yet, like the people who make our community great, no two organizations are the same, and each one is committed to equity and inclusion. See which fits you best.
Fraternity & Sorority Life at CMU