URL: https://www.cmu.edu/admission/majors-programs
TITLE: Majors & Programs - Undergraduate Admission - Carnegie Mellon University

Majors & Programs
For Every Kind of Brilliant
Carnegie Mellon isn’t the kind of university with one type of student or one path to follow. It’s a place where our differences define us, excite us and unite us. A place with boundless options for your studies, and limitless possibilities for your potential.
When you apply to Carnegie Mellon, you’ll apply to a specific college, school or program. Choose your academic path and make it your own.
Schools. Colleges. Intercollege Programs.
Arts
College of Fine Arts
Business
Tepper School of Business
Computer Science
School of Computer Science
Engineering
College of Engineering
Humanities and Social Sciences
Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences
Information Systems
Dietrich College and Heinz College
Science and Math
Mellon College of Science
Arts + Academics
BXA Intercollege Degree Programs
No Barriers. No Boundaries.
Are you the no-walls-allowed and no-holds-barred kind? Is your mind the doesn’t-fit-into-a-box kind? Then Carnegie Mellon’s interdisciplinary approach is the right kind for you. You can cross boundaries in your studies, exploring opportunities across our colleges and schools to build a unique intellectual framework.
Break Boundaries With Us
Undergraduate Research
Research is the answer to every why and why not — and it’s at the heart of everything we do. Regardless of your home school or college, you can start your very first year.
10/30/2025
CMU Math Student Charts a New Path with Rubik’s Cubes
Learn More
(opens in new window)
05/21/2025
Research Offers New Hope for Overdose Patients
Learn More
(opens in new window)
04/03/2025
Dietrich Students Use Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship Projects To Examine Past, Create Future
Learn More
(opens in new window)
Join us for a virtual tour.
We’re creating numerous opportunities for you to virtually explore campus and get a feel for the Tartan experience. Check back often for the latest events.
Start Exploring Now
How To Apply
Course Catalog
EXPLORE OUR UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMS