URL: https://www.cmu.edu/admission/majors-programs/college-of-engineering/biomedical-engineering
TITLE: Biomedical Engineering - Undergraduate Admission - Carnegie Mellon University

Biomedical Engineering
Here, the healers and the menders learn to build the future of human health.
Jacob
"Not only are all the students talented and passionate, but they are all unique individuals that are welcoming and kind."
Jacob '24
College of Engineering
Biomedical Engineering
If you’re the curious and caring kind, a we-can-make-something-to-fix-that tinkerer, this is the place for you. In our undergraduate Biomedical Engineering program, you’ll discover how engineering principles can be applied to living systems and how to improve human health by developing advanced medical devices and systems. We believe that a top biomedical engineer must be deeply trained in both a traditional engineering practice and the biomedical sciences. You can complete your Biomedical Engineering additional major alongside a major in a traditional engineering discipline in four years.
Biomedical Engineering Major and Minor
Choose the path that fits you best.
Browse all current Biomedical Engineering curriculums and courses.
Biomedical Engineering
Additional Major
Minor
The Biomedical Engineering additional major program draws on extensive collaborations with sister departments in the College of Engineering and major medical institutions in Pittsburgh. When you choose Biomedical Engineering as a major, you also declare a major in one of the traditional engineering disciplines: Chemical Engineering, Civil & Environmental Engineering, Electrical & Computer Engineering, Materials Science & Engineering or Mechanical Engineering. This collaborative approach, combined with a rigorous engineering education, confers unique depth and breadth to the education of Biomedical Engineering graduates. A combination of core courses, a specialized track you choose and a capstone design course give you a solid launchpad to your future.
These specialized tracks build depth in a specific aspect of biomedical engineering and include: biomaterials and tissue engineering, biomechanics, biomedical devices, biomedical signal and image processing, cellular and molecular biotechnology, and neuroengineering. Students interested in building depth in a different area can self-design their own depth sequence.
Contact
Department of Biomedical Engineering
Scott Hall 4N201
Carnegie Mellon University
5000 Forbes Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15213
T: 412.268.1728
@email
Biomedical Engineering Website
Apply Now
Class of 2025, Six Months After Graduation
**Data reflects graduates with Biomedical Engineering as secondary major
94%
Employed or in Grad School
$79,047
Average Salary
Recent Employers
Medtronics
Absolics
Harvard Medical School
Intel Corporation
More Post-Graduation Stats
(opens in new window)
High School Course Requirements
4 years English
4 years Mathematics*
1 year Chemistry
1 year Physics
1 year Biology
2 years Foreign Language
3 electives
*Four years of mathematics should include at least algebra, geometry, trigonometry, analytic geometry, elementary functions (pre-calculus) and preferably calculus. Advanced mathematics courses are encouraged, especially a course in calculus.
Apply
Submit your application for the College of Engineering.
Get Started
Mix It Up
You’re not just one thing. You’re a scientist. An artist. A technologist. A maker. A writer. Carnegie Mellon has been mixing it up for decades, and whatever you want to pursue, we’ve got the right mix for you.
The CMU Experience
How to Major in Mixing-It-Up