URL: https://www.cmu.edu/first-year-orientation
TITLE: First-Year Orientation - 
                First-Year Orientation - Carnegie Mellon University

First-Year Orientation 2026
Aug. 15-23
First-Year Orientation
First-Year Orientation supports new students in a successful transition to Carnegie Mellon. Our summer communications and programs, combined with our week-long First-Year Orientation program, introduce incoming undergraduate students to our inclusive and caring campus community. Our First-Year Orientation program is a dynamic and engaging experience that will help new students build the foundation for academic success, community membership, well-being, campus involvement and pride in being a Tartan.
Welcome to CMU, Class of 2030+!
Welcome and Onboarding Webinars
Welcome & Onboarding
June 1, 2026, 7-8:30 p.m. ET
Registration will become available in May.
Carnegie Mellon University invites all incoming students and their families to the First-Year Student Welcome & Onboarding Webinar, hosted by First-Year Orientation and Family Engagement. The webinar will prepare first-year and transfer students for a successful start at Carnegie Mellon, including guidance for tasks that incoming students need to complete during the summer and how to plan for the fall 2026 semester.
International Student Webinar
June 9, 2026, 8-9:30 a.m. ET
Registration will become available in May.
Incoming undergraduate international students and their families are invited to attend the First-Year International Student Webinar. This webinar builds upon information shared at the First-Year Student Welcome & Onboarding Webinar, and will cover important information specifically for incoming international students, including immigration requirements, travel planning and safety.
Move-In Day
Visit the Housing and Residential Education website for more info about Move-In Day.
Resources
To help prepare you for your transition to CMU and support you during the orientation program.
What's life like at CMU?
Follow
@lifeatcmu
to find out.
The Carnegie Cup
A CMU orientation tradition, The Carnegie Cup, brings the residence hall communities together for a competition full of puzzles and field games unlike any other!