URL: https://www.cmu.edu/visit
TITLE: CMU Visit - Carnegie Mellon University

Visit CMU
Schedule a Tour
Discover Carnegie Mellon
There's no better way to imagine life as a Tartan than to experience it for yourself.
Carnegie Mellon warmly welcomes visitors from around the globe to explore our urban campus and become acquainted with the community's innovations and impacts. Visit our campus, nestled in the heart of Pittsburgh's Oakland neighborhood, to dive into campus life and academic opportunities. While you're here, take a campus tour to discover our unique landmarks, including The Fence (once the world's most-painted object) and alumnus Jonathan Borofsky's "Walking to the Sky" sculpture.
In addition to in-person tours, there are a number of ways for you to experience campus virtually through online tours, panels and other sessions to connect with the Carnegie Mellon community.
Plan Your Visit
Schedule a Tour
Engage Online
Campus Tours
If you're hoping to take a tour of campus, have a one-on-one conversation with an admission counselor or connect with an academic department, there are plenty of opportunities to plan a visit that is unique to your interests. From individual visitors and families to groups of up to 100, our team is ready to help you make the most of your time on campus, or provide resources for you and your guests to tour campus on your own. Discover opportunities to visit campus to experience the sights, sounds and people that make our community special.
Learn More About Campus Tours
Schedule Your Visit
This calendar is a resource for prospective students and families to find and register for scheduled events and tours. Some departments also offer appointments and tours by request.
Recently admitted?
Check out our admitted student events calendar.
Admitted Student Events
Visitor Information
Once you've scheduled your visit, plan for your travel, lodging, parking, dining, accessibility accommodations and more. Use the link below to view maps, hours and recommendations for navigating your arrival.
Get Visitor Information
Contact Us
Need help scheduling a tour or have a question about visiting campus? Check out some of the most frequently asked questions or contact us.
Coulter Welcome Center
For questions related to a group specialized tour request, accommodation for a tour, visiting Pittsburgh or the campus tour schedule.
Tepper Building
4765 Forbes Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15213
welcomecenter@andrew.cmu.edu
Office of Undergraduate Admission
For questions related to admission to the university involving any inquiries regarding the application process to student financial aid, scheduling an information session and learning about CMU.
Warner Hall - 2nd Floor
5000 Forbes Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15213
T: 412.268.2082
F: 412.268.7832
admission@andrew.cmu.edu
Talk with a Current Student
For questions related to the student undergraduate experience at CMU or following up from a campus tour.
Connect with a Tartan Ambassador through:
Individual Chat:
View their Profiles Here
Email:
AskAnAmbassador@andrew.cmu.edu
Ready to Plan Your Visit?
Browse FAQs
Schedule a Tour