URL: https://www.cmu.edu/visit/campus-tours/group-tours
TITLE: Group Tours | CMU Visit

Specialized Visits & Group Tours
Requesting Group Tours and Counselor Visits
Are you a counselor or the leader of an organization that serves high school aged students? We are happy to arrange customized tours and experiences at Carnegie Mellon University to accommodate your group size, audience type and time frame outside of our normal touring schedule.
Request A Specialized Visit
What is a Specialized Visit Group Tour?
We define a Group Tour as 10 or more prospective high school students and high school counselors visiting campus to learn more about the college experience and campus culture. Specialized Group Tour Experiences can vary depending on the size of the group and the date of the visit. To begin planning your group's visit to Carnegie Mellon, please read the considerations below.
Preparing to Request a Specialized Visit
Based on the information provided on the Specialized Visit Request Form, we will determine our ability to accommodate your group at the date(s) and time(s) requested. We cannot guarantee your request will be approved but will include any relevant inquiries or additional option in our reply. Requests are approved on a first-come, first-served basis. Please allow up to 7 business days for the processing of your request. Once you have completed the form, you will receive an email confirming receipt of your request.
Visit Items to Consider Prior to Your Request
Audience
High school students, counselors, community-based organizations and CMU community members
Group Size
Anywhere between 10 and 100 guests. If you have under 10 guests, please sign up individually for a prospective student tour here.
Operating Hours
The Coulter Welcome Center is open every day of the week except for Wednesdays. If you select a Wednesday, we will not be able to accommodate the request but will share alternative options like our self-guided tour information.
Alternative Visit Date
Have a second date prepared in case we are full to capacity or unavailable on your preferred date. We will try our best to use your preferred date, but a back-up date is required.
Allotted Time on Campus
Let us know how much time you are planning to be on campus.
Please note:
an in-person campus tour is typically 60 to 75 minutes and an Admission Counseling session is 30 to 45 minutes in length. Our typical schedule is usually a half-day of programming.
Have Questions?
If you have any questions about the specialized visit or group tour requesting process, please contact the Coulter Welcome Center at
welcomecenter@andrew.cmu.edu
.
Complete the Request Form