URL: https://www.cmu.edu/visit/campus-tours/online-engagement-opportunities
TITLE: Online Engagement Opportunities | CMU Visit

Online Engagement Opportunities
You don't have to travel to Pittsburgh to get a sense of Carnegie Mellon
Whatever you want to learn about Carnegie Mellon, you'll be able to find the information you need online. Take a live virtual tour, engage with current students, join a digital information session, or get one-on-one online admission counseling. There are all kinds of ways to discover whether this is your kind of place.
Types of Opportunities
When you can't come to campus, Carnegie Mellon can come to you virtually. Check out these opportunities to engage with admission counselors, students and campus community members from wherever you are in the world. Please note that some events (i.e. Virtual Admission Counseling Sessions and Admission Insights Series) are only offered certain months throughout the year. View the calendar at the bottom of this page to find upcoming events.
Virtual Information Session
Presented by an admission counselor, this 1-hour information session will cover what it's like to be a Tartan, the application and financial aid processes and life on campus.
Virtual Admission Counseling Session
When you're getting serious about choosing Carnegie Mellon, you can schedule a one-on-one chat with an admission counselor to ask your questions about campus life, the admission and financial aid process, housing and anything else on your mind.
Virtual Tartan Talks
Join current students for Virtual Tartan Talks as they share their experience with academics, activities, research, the city of Pittsburgh and more in a panel style event. Bring your questions, and our Tartan Ambassadors will be ready answer during these 45-minute sessions.
Virtual Admission Insights Series
Learn from admission counselors, campus community members, and more as they share their expertise on various topics in higher education, including admission, financial aid, academics, and campus life. If you missed our past sessions, we've got you covered.
Watch the recordings
(opens in new window)
.
Virtual Student-Led Tour
The Virtual Student-Led Campus Tour will last approximately one hour. You'll have the opportunity to explore our beautiful campus through stories, maps and real-time videos while asking the Ambassadors your questions about life as a Tartan.
Virtual Residence Hall Tour
The Virtual Residence Hall Tour, led by our Tartan Ambassadors, gives an overview of some of Carnegie Mellon's first-year on-campus housing options. You'll be able to ask your questions about living on campus and what each of our unique housing communities has to offer during the 45-minute session.
Self-Guided Virtual 360° Tours
Explore CMU anytime, anywhere with our collection of 360° Virtual Tours. These self-guided experiences give you an interactive, up-close look at our academic buildings and vibrant campus life, allowing you to click and explore on your own schedule.
Academics:
See the spaces where innovation happens, including labs and departmental buildings.
Take the Academics Tour
Student Life:
Tour the residential halls, dining areas, and student activity centers.
Take the Student Life Tour
Schedule Your Visit
This calendar is a resource for prospective students and families to find and register for scheduled events and tours. Some departments also offer appointments and tours by request.