URL: https://www.cmu.edu/visit/campus-tours
TITLE: Campus Tours | CMU Visit

Campus Tours & Events
Discover the places and people of Carnegie Mellon
Whether you're looking for your next stop after high school or seeking an advanced degree, a campus tour is the best way to decide if Carnegie Mellon is the right fit for you. Join us on campus to experience the sights, sounds and people that make our campus special.
A standard campus visit day may include a student-led campus tour, an information session and a one-on-one admission counseling session, when available. Use the calendar at the bottom of this page to schedule your visit day, or explore the following options for other ways to discover Carnegie Mellon.
Schedule a Tour
Visit Opportunities
In addition to student-led campus tours that showcase our classrooms, labs, makerspaces, campus landmarks and more, there are a number of other engagement opportunities and events for you and your guests to explore during your visit both on-campus and virtually.
Online Engagement Opportunities
You don't have to leave home to get a better feel for life at CMU. We offer online information sessions, live-streamed campus and residence hall tours led by our student ambassadors, virtual admission counseling sessions and more to allow you to conveniently learn about CMU. Typically, a virtual event is 1-hour long.
Departmental Tours & Events
For students who want a closer look at Carnegie Mellon's programs, many departments offer prospective students the chance to tour facilities, attend department-specific information sessions or meet with a member of faculty or staff. Depending on the department, these tours and events could be 30-minutes to 2-hours in length.
Self-Guided Campus Tour
The Self-Guided Campus Tour is an independent touring experience with stops at different landmarks, allowing you and your guests to explore campus on your own. Physical maps for the walking route are available in the vestibules of Warner Hall and the Coulter Welcome Center. The typical route on the self-guided tour is about 1-hour long.
Specialized Group Tours
Carnegie Mellon can accommodate 10 to 100 people for a specialized group visit, which may include a campus tour with an optional residence hall visit and an admission counseling session. We can also accommodate virtual opportunities for your group if you can't make it to campus. A typical standardized group visit can range from 30-minutes to a half day of programming.
CMU in Your Area
Our admission counselors travel around the world to present information sessions, attend college fairs, visit high schools and community-based organizations and meet with prospective Carnegie Mellon students. Be sure to sign up for our
admission mailing list
to receive email communications whenever we're planning a trip to your area.
Virtual 360° Tours
Explore CMU anytime, anywhere with our collection of Virtual 360° Tours. These self-guided experiences give you an interactive, up-close look at our
academic buildings
and
vibrant student life
, allowing you to click and explore on your own schedule.
Visitor Information
Once you've scheduled your visit, plan for your travel, lodging, parking, dining, accessibility accommodations and more. Use the link below to view maps, hours and recommendations for navigating your arrival.
Get More Information
Your Visit at a Glance
We can't wait to welcome you to campus! Here are a few logistical considerations you'll want to keep in mind while you're visiting.
Read More Frequently Asked Questions
Guests
For a standard campus visit day, you may bring up to five guests with you. For larger events, such as open houses, we may limit the number of guests to three in order to allow more visitors the opportunity to register.
Pets and Certified Service Animals
Certified service animals are permitted in the Welcome Center and on tours. All other animals and pets are not permitted in university buildings.
Weather
If inclement weather approaches prior to or on the day of your visit, we will contact you to adapt, delay, reschedule or cancel the visit. While we try not to cancel visits, we want to make sure all of our visitors and staff are safe during inclement weather.
Parking
We recommend checking parking options in advance to ensure a smooth arrival to campus as we do not validate parking.
Visit Operating Hours
The Coulter Welcome Center is open from 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. every day of the week, excluding Wednesdays. While we offer weekend visits that include tours and information sessions, admission counselors are not available for one-on-one counseling sessions on Saturdays and Sundays.
Luggage
Due to security guidelines and space limitations, we are unable to store or hold any luggage or personal belongings during your campus visit. For safety and logistical reasons, we cannot offer any oversight if you leave your items at the desk and they may be removed if left unattended.
Schedule Your Visit
This calendar is a resource for prospective students and families to find and register for scheduled events and tours. Some departments also offer appointments and tours by request.
Recently Admitted?
Check out our admitted student events calendar.
Admitted Student Events