URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/dba/financial-aid.php
TITLE: Financial Aid - Executive DBA | UH Bauer College

home button
Dba
Financial Aid
Executive DBA
Apply Now
Pre-Apply Now
Info Session: April 7
Financial Aid
Financial aid is available to U.S. citizens, U.S. nationals, and U.S. permanent residents through the federal government. Students are encouraged to complete their FAFSA as soon as possible after January 1st of the year they plan on attending UH. A graduate student in one of these categories may be eligible for up to $20,500.00 (amount effective fall 2007) per year in Federal Direct unsubsidized loans. Repayment for Federal Direct Loans begins 6 months after graduation or anytime the student drops to less than 5 hours per semester. An application is available through the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid
web site.
If the Federal Direct Loan offer is not sufficient to cover a graduate student's cost of attendance (as set by the UH Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid) other types of loans are available. Students eligible for Federal Direct Loans may also apply for the
Grad Plus Loan
or a private educational loan. Additionally, Texas residents may apply for the
College Access Loan (CAL)
. There loans require an established credit history to be approved. International students may receive a private loan so long as they have a creditworthy cosigner.
Additional loan information
is available on the UH website or through your local bank.
The University of Houston provides equal treatment and opportunity to all persons without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation except where such distinction is required by law. This statement reflects compliance with Titles VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title IX of the Educational Amendments of 1972 and all other federal and state regulations. The Office of Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity is available to answer your questions at 713-743-8835.
The University reserves the right to make changes without notice in any publication as necessitated by University or legislative action.
The Bauer College of Business is unique in that it houses a financial aid advisor that exclusively serves its graduate students. If you have any questions regarding financial aid, please contact Karina Galvan, the Financial Aid Advisor in the Bauer Graduate & Professional Programs office at
kegalvan@bauer.uh.edu
.
Back To Top