URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/departments/accy/undergraduate/ppa/advising.php
TITLE: Requirements to Remain in PPA | Bauer College at UH

home button
Departments
Accy
Undergraduate
Ppa
PPA Requirements
PPA Requirements
All PPA students must meet the following requirements. Failure to meet these requirements will result in withdrawal from the PPA. Any and all academic benefits specific to the Bauer PPA, including the right to double count two 7000 level classes toward the MSACCY degree, will be forfeited.
All PPA students must:
Complete at least two colloquium courses
Remain continuously enrolled at UH
Maintain 3.0 overall and accounting GPA's
Be admitted to MSACCY program upon conferral of the BBA in Accounting
Colloquium Requirement
Any student who enters the PPA* must complete two colloquium courses:
One colloquium course must be satisfactorily completed in the first semester of PPA admission.
The second colloquium must be completed during student’s undergraduate program.
Failure to satisfy the above requirements will result in withdrawal from the PPA.
*Please note, due to curriculum changes, Fall 2025 is the last semester the first PPA colloquium, ACCT 4A05, will be offered, and Spring 2026 is the last semester the second colloquium, ACCT 4A06, will be offered.
Continuous Enrollment Requirement
A PPA student must remain continuously enrolled at the University of Houston.
GPA Requirements
A PPA student must maintain at least 3.0 overall and accounting grade point averages. If after a fall or spring semester (undergraduate or graduate) either GPA falls below the minimum requirement to remain in the PPA, the student will be placed on probation for the next immediate semester. Failure to meet the minimum grade point average requirement at the end of the probationary period will result in withdrawal from the PPA. Only one probationary period is allowed. Notification of probationary status will be provided by the PPA office as soon as practicable. However, it is the responsibility of each student to be aware of his/her own academic standing.
Admission to MSACCY
PPA students MUST
apply for admission
to MSACCY for the semester following their last undergraduate semester. Failure to be admitted to MSACCY the first semester (fall or spring) following conferral of the BBA in Accounting degree will result in withdrawal from the PPA (see
Continuous Enrollment Requirement
).
Please be advised that exceptions to any PPA policy must be approved by the Accounting Department Chair.
Advising Contact Information
Students currently in the undergraduate portion of the PPA should contact:
Kierstyn Stevens
PPA Accounting Advisor (in-person & UH Extend)
713-743-6252 | 304 CBB
ppa@uh.edu
onlineppa@bauer.uh.edu
Advising appointments are available online (Microsoft Teams or Zoom) or in-person. Students can make an appointment via
Navigate
. Please note, all advising appointments must be scheduled in advance.
Back To Top