URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/departments/accy/CAP/admissions-policies.php
TITLE: CAP Admissions Policies - Accounting | Bauer College at UH

home button
Departments
Accy
CAP
Admissions Policies
CAP Program
Request Information
Register for an Event
Apply Now
Admissions Policies
The Certificate in Accountancy Program (CAP) is governed by the University of Houston (UH)
Undergraduate Catalog Policies
, C. T. Bauer College of Business policies, department policies and program specific policies.
The following policies includes an overview of the UH Undergraduate Catalog Policies and is not an all-inclusive list. The complete list can be located here:
http://publications.uh.edu/
.
Catalog Policies
CAP applicants must have a four-year undergraduate degree (or the foreign equivalent) from an accredited institution.
Students who wish to join CAP should submit an application for undergraduate transfer admission if they attended another university or have taken non-undergraduate courses at UH Central Campus.
Students who previously completed undergraduate coursework at UH Central Campus may apply via General Petition if they have not had an interruption of four consecutive semesters or 13 consecutive months between their last completed coursework at UH and the application semester.
Former UH undergraduate students who wish to enter CAP but have not completed a course at UH within that same time period must use the online application.
Former students who left UH while on Academic Suspension must use the online application.
An official transcript from each college or university attended must be submitted to the Office of Admissions. Students with degrees from the University of Houston need not submit official UH transcripts.
Applicants who have completed education outside the U.S. must submit evidence of satisfactory
English language proficiency
before admission will be granted.
All required documents, fees, and test scores (if applicable) must be received by the deadline to be considered complete and eligible for consideration.
Program Policy
New CAP students are required to meet with their advisor for initial advising and attend orientation prior to the start of their first term.
Back To Top