URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/departments/accy/CAP/faq.php
TITLE: CAP FAQs - Accounting | Bauer College of Business at UH

home button
Departments
Accy
CAP
Frequently Asked Questions
CAP Program
Request Information
Register for an Event
Apply Now
Frequently Asked Questions
General
How do I schedule an appointment to meet with the CAP Admissions Coordinator?
Advising appointments are held virtually or in-person during scheduled office hours. All advising appointments, including in-person, must be scheduled in advance.
Please visit our
Contact Us page
for information on how to schedule an appointment.
How long is the program?
The length of the program is based on the educational needs of each individual student. If the intent is to sit for the Texas State Board of Public Accountancy (TSBPA) Uniformed CPA Examination, the length may depend on how many hours are needed to fulfill
TSBPA educational requirements
.
Is CAP a full-time or part-time program?
CAP provides students with the opportunity to study full-time* or part-time. Most courses are offered one day a week
synchronously online
from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. and there are occasionally a few Saturday course options. Summer classes are typically from 5:30 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. one day a week.
*Full-time at the CAP level is 12 hours each long semester (Fall and Spring).
Do I need to complete Principles of Accounting 1 and 2 before applying to CAP?
No, you may take our ACCT 5301 Financial & Managerial Accounting class during your first semester in CAP. This course is a blend of Principles of Accounting 1 and 2 and can be taken in lieu of needing to complete both individual classes.
I previously completed some advanced accounting and business courses at another institution 5+ years ago. Do I need to retake these courses?
If your goal is to sit for the CPA exam without earning a
Master of Science in Accountancy
(MSACCY) degree, most likely, you will not need to retake the courses. Typically, the TSBPA does not have a time limit on the age of courses.
To identify the courses you need to fulfill the academic requirements for the CPA exam, please submit your
application of intent
to the TSBPA. Once you receive their response, and you are admitted into CAP, please
schedule an advising appointment
with the CAP Advisor to select your courses.
If your goal is to complete the prerequisites for the MSACCY program, please email
applycap@uh.edu
to schedule an advising appointment.
Can I transfer courses to CAP from another institution?
CAP is a non-degree seeking certificate program; therefore, you cannot transfer courses into the program.
However, the prerequisites for CAP courses completed at another institution may be considered valid upon department evaluation.
CAP vs. MSACCY
I am not sure if I want to apply to graduate school. Can I start CAP and decide to apply to the Master of Science in Accountancy (MSACCY) program later on?
Yes. If you are unsure about applying to the MSACCY program, we recommend only taking the
prerequisite courses
. Until your decision is made, we recommend postponing taking courses that are required for the MSACCY
degree plan
.
Can I complete all the accounting prerequisite classes for the MSACCY program in 1-2 semesters in CAP?
It is not possible to complete all the accounting prerequisite classes in 1 semester. However, depending on the accounting coursework you've previously completed, it may be possible to complete the classes within 2 semesters. If a student hasn’t previously completed any accounting coursework, it will take a minimum of 3 semesters.
The Application Process
Why is it beneficial to apply early?
All applications are carefully considered, and in some cases, additional information is needed before an admissions decision is reached. Applying well before the deadline date will allow ample time in case further information is needed. Additionally, applying early allows incoming students time to schedule an initial advising appointment, enroll, secure financial aid (if applicable), and obtain student visas (if applicable) well before the start of the semester.
Can I apply to CAP if I am currently enrolled in my final semester of my undergraduate degree?
Yes, students can apply to CAP during the semester in which they will complete their degree. To complete an application, we will need an official current transcript.
If a student is admitted to CAP prior to their undergraduate degree being conferred, the decision is contingent upon successful completion of a bachelor’s degree. Students will not be able to enroll in CAP courses until the University of Houston has received an official transcript showing their degree conferred.
Do I need to submit GMAT scores, letters of recommendation and a goal statement for my application to CAP?
No, these documents are not typically required for admission. If additional information is needed before an admission decision can be reached, the CAP Advisor may reach out to ask for an up-to-date résumé, personal statement or to schedule an interview.
I may not be able to complete all parts of the application by the deadline. Are exceptions allowed?
No exceptions are permitted. All parts of an application, including official transcripts, must be received by the deadline. Incomplete applications are not reviewed by the committee.
English Language Proficiency
Can the English language proficiency requirement be waived?
The English language proficiency requirement cannot be waived unless the applicant meets one of the listed exemptions.
To learn about the accepted test scores and exemptions, view the UH Office of Admission's
English Language Requirements
.
Although my education was completed overseas, I am now a U.S. permanent resident. Will UH waive the English language proficiency requirement?
The English language proficiency requirement applies to U.S. citizens, permanent residents, and non-U.S. citizens. Applicants must meet one of the
listed exemptions
to be waived from this requirement.
How many years are English language proficiency scores considered valid?
The Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL), Duolingo English Test, and the International English Language Testing System (IELTS) scores are valid for two (2) years.
What to Expect After Acceptance
Am I required to meet with my advisor?
Before enrolling in their first semester, all new students are required to meet with their academic advisor for initial advising. Initial advising can be completed in-person or virtually. An advisor hold preventing enrollment will be placed on each new student's account and will not be removed until a student has completed this requirement.
I am a former UH main campus student, am I required to attend orientation?
Yes, the Tips for Success Orientation for new CAP students is program specific and will cover topics that differ from other UH orientations.
F-1 International Students
Can I obtain Optional Practical Training (OPT) after I complete CAP?
Yes, CAP students may be eligible for
OPT
.
Back To Top