URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/departments/accy/undergraduate/ppa
TITLE: Professional Program in Accountancy (PPA) | UH Bauer College

home button
Departments
Accy
Undergraduate
Ppa
The Bauer Professional Program in Accountancy (PPA)
The Bauer Professional Program in Accountancy (PPA)
The Professional Program in Accountancy (PPA) prepares students for careers in public accounting, industry, government and other areas that require CPA credentials. In addition to receiving bachelor's and master's degrees in accounting, PPA students graduate prepared for the CPA examination as prescribed by the Texas State Board of Public Accountancy. This allows them to obtain the MS in Accountancy (MSACCY) degree quicker than in other programs, as Bauer affords our PPA students to apply up to two master's level courses toward both the BBA and the MSACCY requirements.
Please note, due to curriculum changes, Fall 2025 is the last semester PPA applications will be accepted.
About the Program
The Professional Program in Accountancy (PPA) is an Accelerated Pathway Dual Degree program designed to enable exceptional students to obtain their BBA and MSACCY degrees in 5 years.
PPA students can obtain their MS in Accountancy (MSACCY) degree sooner than normal.
PPA is available to students in the
Online BBA
in Accounting through UH Extend. For more information, email
onlineppa@bauer.uh.edu
The goals of the Professional Program in Accountancy (PPA) are to provide graduates with ethical and global awareness, ability to assess financial risk as well as the skills in the following areas:
Oral & written communication
Research
Technological
Analytical problem solving
Firm and Industry Partnerships
Throughout the fall and spring semester, representatives from local, regional, and national public accounting firms, and from industry and government host one-semester-hour colloquium courses for our students. These weekly colloquiums address current issues affecting the accounting profession, financial accounting, auditing, tax, and other accounting-related topics.
Many of these firms offer internships for course credit that afford students practical experience as members of the accounting profession.
Back To Top