URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/departments/accy/undergraduate/bba/course-descriptions.php
TITLE: BBA Course Details - Accounting | Bauer College at UH

home button
Departments
Accy
Undergraduate
Bba
Course Details
Course Details
Course #
Course Title
Description
ACCT 2301
Principles of Financial Accounting
This course provides an introduction to financial accounting and generally accepted accounting principles for financial reporting.
Benefits / Application to Career
Required course for business majors. Students gain an understanding of the accounting cycle, how to analyze and record transactions, and how to prepare financial statements.
ACCT 2302
Principles of Managerial Accounting
This course investigates the accounting tools, techniques, and practices used in managerial accounting. Topics covered include cost accumulation and analysis, planning and control systems, and applications of cost data to business decisions and performance evaluations.
Benefits / Application to Career
Required course for business majors. Students gain an understanding of managerial uses of accounting information, including performance measurement, cost control, and analysis key to decision making.
ACCT 3366
Financial Reporting Frameworks
This course examines the accounting process and its applications, conceptual framework underlying financial accounting, and the accounting information system. Students are introduced to audit, tax, and GAAP and IFRS standard setting processes. Students may attempt the optional Fast Track Exam to qualify for enrollment in ACCY 3367 without completing ACCT 3366. See
degree plan page
for details.
Benefits / Application to Career
Students gain an in-depth understanding of how to record and report economic transactions.
ACCT 3367
Intermediate Accounting 1
This course reviews the environment and conceptual framework of accounting, the accounting cycle, basic financial statement, and time value of money concepts. Enrollment requires either a grade of “C” or higher in ACCT 3366 or a passing score (80 or higher) on the optional
Fast Track Exam
.
Benefits / Application to Career
Required course for accounting majors. Students gain an understanding of the income statement, balance sheet, statement of cash flows, valuation of inventories, acquisitions and dispositions of property, depreciation, and liabilities.
ACCT 3368
Intermediate Accounting 2
This course presents and evaluates the theory and application of financial accounting. Topics covered include liabilities, contingencies, shareholders’ equity and earnings per share, revenue recognition, statements of cash flow, financial statement analysis, and disclosures.
Benefits / Application to Career
Required course for accounting majors. Students learn how to prepare, read, understand, explain, and critically evaluate information contained in financial statements. Intermediate Accounting 2 covers some of the most important accounting concepts related to liabilities and owner's equity.
ACCT 3371
Accounting Information Systems
This course provides an introduction to accounting information systems and internal controls. A variety of current software programs are also introduced.
Benefits / Application to Career
Required course for accounting majors. Students gain experience in using software programs relevant to accounting information systems. Accounting information systems are critical to providing accurate and timely information to shareholders and regulatory agencies.
ACCT 3377
Cost Accounting
This course continues students’ introduction to managerial accounting from ACCT 2332. Topics covered include the preparation and use of budgeting, standard costs, and variance analysis as essential tools for business decisions.
Benefits / Application to Career
Required course for accounting majors.  Students gain a greater understanding of issues associated with traditional product-costing methods and gain exposure to the use of accounting information in managerial decisions.
ACCT 4331
Federal Income Tax
This course covers the basics of the Federal income tax system as it applies to individuals. Special attention is given to the major provisions and applications of the tax law.
Benefits / Application to Career
Required course for accounting majors. Student gain an understanding of how tax laws are administrated and the current application of basic individual tax laws.
ACCT 4335
Financial Statement Auditing
This course covers auditing standings and procedures, and requires students to examine business and accounting concepts from an auditor’s perspective. Topics covered include professional standards, audit evidence and documentation, auditing sampling, internal controls, and cash and financial investments.
Benefits / Application to Career
Required course for accounting majors. Students gain an understanding of planning an audit, assessing internal controls, gathering and documenting audit evidence, and writing an appropriate audit report.
ACCT 4375
Internal Audit and the Entity Control Environment
This course explores controls and auditing procedures within companies. Topics covered include corporate governance, ethical considerations, and internal control concepts.
Benefits / Application to Career
Required course for the Department of Accountancy and Taxation’s
Internal Audit Certificate.
Students gain conceptual knowledge of internal auditing, exposure to professional standards and responsibilities, and awareness of the behavioral aspects of operational and internal auditing.
ACCT 4379
Enterprise Risk Management
This course covers the fundamentals of risk identification, assessment, prevention, and mitigation.
Benefits / Application to Career
Required course for the Department of Accountancy and Taxation’s
Internal Audit Certificate
. Students gain an understanding of the role of an internal auditor and exposure to data extraction and analysis software to identify potential risks.
ACCT 4380
Control and Security of Internal Financial Information
This course covers the fundamentals of information security and techniques for securing hardware, software, and data. Topics include the elements of information security, common threats and countermeasures, and management, operational, and technical controls.
Benefits / Application to Career
Required course for the Department of Accountancy and Taxation’s
Internal Audit Certificate
. Students gain an understanding of information security programs and methods, tools, and techniques to address security threats.
Back To Top