URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/invest/scholarships
TITLE: Scholarships - Invest in Bauer | UH Bauer College

home button
Invest
Scholarships
Apply for a Scholarship
Apply for a Scholarship
The 2026-2027 scholarship application is now OPEN. The priority deadline to apply is Friday, May 15, 2026. We will continue to accept and review applications for the 2026-2027 academic year until the application closes on Monday, February 1, 2027.
Scholarships are awarded throughout the academic year as funds become available. Only selected students will be contacted by the Bauer Scholarship Office with additional steps. Any incomplete applications (missing a resume or a personal statement) will not be considered.
All applicants must create an account in order to submit an application. You can find account creation instructions
HERE
.
Click to View or Update Your 2026-2027 Application
Apply Now
Many, but not all, Bauer scholarships include
FINANCIAL NEED
as a selection criterion. Bauer students interested in being considered for these financial need-based scholarships must complete a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (in addition to the Bauer Scholarship Application) in order to establish financial need.
U.S. citizens and permanent residents should complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) at
www.studentaid.gov
IMPORTANT
–
IF
you are selected by the financial aid office for “Verification”, your FAFSA is not considered complete until requested documents have been received and processed. The verification process can and will take several weeks to be completed. Please turn in any pending documents AS SOON AS POSSIBLE, in order to avoid any delays in awarding of financial aid, or consideration for NEED BASED Bauer College Scholarships.
It is very important to remember that the Bauer Scholarship Application must be completed in order to be considered for Bauer scholarships. In addition, scholarships that require financial need will only be offered to those students who have also completed a FAFSA for the appropriate academic year.
During the 2023-2024 academic year, more than 700 Bauer College of Business students were awarded more than $3 million in Bauer scholarships. The average amount awarded ranged from $1,000 to $5,000 per academic year.
Scholarships are awarded to students in every major and every classification and are usually awarded based on merit or financial need, or a combination of both. International students are encouraged to apply as well.
You can review some of the scholarships and their criteria by clicking on
Available Scholarships
. Once you submit an application, you will be considered for
EVERY
scholarship for which you qualify.
Selection Process
The Bauer College Scholarship Committee selects scholarship recipients through a competitive process. Many of the Bauer College Scholarships have specific requirements in addition to merit and/or financial need, such as major or field of interest, community involvement, career goals, leadership skills, or membership in Bauer College student organizations. The specific criteria for each scholarship are established by the scholarship donor and the College.
Most Bauer scholarships are awarded over the summer for the upcoming academic year, but the Committee continues to award scholarships throughout the year as long as there are funds available or new scholarships established. Awards are usually, but not always, disbursed in two installments, half in the fall semester and half in the spring. Awards are applied directly to the recipient’s student account by the Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid.
Because students are selected throughout the year, the Bauer Scholarship Office only contacts students who have been selected to receive a scholarship. You may not receive something for the fall, but may still receive something for spring. Because of this, we do not send out rejection letters, we never stop considering you for scholarships!
Can I Apply?
To be eligible for the Bauer College Scholarships, students must be admitted to the University of Houston (Main Campus) and the Bauer College of Business. Please note that students who are admitted to the University of Houston, but not admitted to the Bauer College of Business, are not eligible for the Bauer College Scholarships. If you believe that you will be admitted before scholarship decisions are made or before the fall semester begins, you may complete the online application, but you cannot be awarded a Bauer scholarship without admittance.
Every Bauer College student is encouraged to apply. Current business majors, as well as incoming graduate students and Bauer College freshmen, transfer students, and international students are eligible to apply for Bauer College Scholarships.
Contact the Bauer Scholarship Office at
bauer_scholar@central.uh.edu
if you have any questions.
Back To Top