URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate | Bauer College of Business at UH

Transcript
Video Transcript
×
In this video, images of undergraduate C. T. Bauer College of Business students participating in various activities are displayed.
home button
Undergraduate
Undergraduate
Undergraduate
Why Bauer?
Bauer is built for doers, for optimists, and hard workers. This is where affordability meets flexibility, and where the ideas of tomorrow are being taught today. An undergraduate degree from Bauer conveys knowledge, creates opportunities, opens doors, and lets you take your ideas and your passions from ideas to reality. After all, this is Houston: We’re all systems go.
Built to Shine
The Bauer Difference
#1
Undergraduate Entrepreneurship Program
Princeton Review/Entrepreneur Magazine, 2025
#8
Undergraduate Supply Chain Program
Gartner, Inc. 2024
#9
Best Undergraduate Business Programs - Specialty Ranking - Entrepreneurship
U.S. News & World Report, 2025
#40
Best Undergraduate Business Schools
Poets&Quants, 2025
Major in Business:
The Bachelor of Business Administration
Customize your BBA degree with concentrations in one of
7 focus areas
, with concentrations even within those.
Customize your Bauer degree to fit your unique aspirations with
11 minors
spanning
seven majors
!
Accounting
Learn the language of business under one of the state’s best undergraduate accounting programs. Measure, analyze, and communicate complex financial information that shapes the decisions and objectives of businesses large and small.
Learn more:
Accounting Major
|
Accounting Minor
Entrepreneurship
Bring your passion project to life under the guidance of one of the nation’s leading entrepreneurship programs. From idea to business plan to launch, Bauer offers new entrepreneurs the mentors and resources, to create their own opportunities.
Learn more:
Entrepreneurship Major
|
Entrepreneurship Minor
Finance
Master the theory and application of business financing and investment strategies for individuals, corporations, and nonprofits. Our multiple specialty tracks allow you to tailor and expand your finance knowledge into specific industries.
Learn more:
Finance Major
|
Finance Minor
|
Risk Management and Insurance Minor
Management & Leadership
Master the administrative sciences of organizational management and leadership. Learn the art of motivating personnel, adapting organizations through change, and coordinating human resources in any organization.
Learn more:
Management Major
|
Human Resources Management Minor
|
Management & Leadership Minor
Management Information Systems
The information systems field has evolved, and at Bauer, you’ll learn to identify user and consumer problems and translate these needs into innovative technology solutions
Learn more:
Management Information Systems Major
|
Management Information Systems Minor
Marketing
From market research and analysis to sales and advertising, you’ll learn to guide an organization’s products and services through the ever-evolving media landscape. Four interest areas allow you to pursue specialized career paths.
Learn more:
Marketing Major
|
Marketing Minor
|
Sales Minor
Supply Chain Management
A career in the center of the action. Lead the critical business functions that enable companies to create, produce, and deliver products and services. You’ll learn the leadership, problem solving, and analytics skills needed to excel in this dynamic, diverse, and exciting career.
Learn more:
Supply Chain Management Major
|
Supply Chain Management Minor
Obba
Not on Campus? Not a Problem
As part of UH Extend, Bauer’s Online Bachelor of Business Administration gives you the flexibility you need to fit your undergraduate degree into your life.
Learn More about our Online
Program
Resources for New Students
Office of Digital Learning
Academic Advising
Engagement and Leadership Programs
Bauer Honors Program
Student Organizations
Emerging Leaders Academic Success Program
Ted Bauer Leadership Certificate Program
StrengthsQuest Series
LeaderShape
Learn by doing
Experiential Learning
At Bauer, we believe the best way to learn is to roll up your sleeves and get to work. That’s why Bauer students put their growing knowledge into practice through a variety of experiential learning programs.
Office of Experiential
Learning
Learning Abroad
Expand your business education with a semester abroad learning about global expansion and cross-cultural pathways of business in countries like Croatia and India.
Learn More
Bauer in D.C. Fellowship
Program
The Bauer in D.C. Fellowship Program is a competitive academic and professional experience in Washington, D.C. Participating students will intern at least 32 hours per week, for 12-14 weeks, in our nation’s capital, and may earn academic credit through UH.
Learn More
Wolff Center
for Entrepreneurship
The Wolff Center for Entrepreneurship prepares students to assume leadership roles in the business world, teaching them how to run their own business from the inception of an idea through its implementation.
Learn More
Sanchez Program for Excellence
in Selling
The A.R. "Tony" and Maria J. Sanchez Program for Excellence in Selling (PES) prepares students for careers in selling, facilitating internships and providing career placement.
Learn More
We'll Help You Get Where You Want to Go
Rockwell Career Center
The expert career counselors at the Rockwell Career Center will work with you to match your interests and studies to potential internships and job opportunities.
Learn More
Learn More