URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/elasp
TITLE: Emerging Leaders Academic Success Program | UH Bauer College

home button
Undergraduate
Elasp
Emerging Leaders Academic Success Program
E
merging
L
eaders
A
cademic
S
uccess
P
rogram
Calling all Freshmen students starting in Fall 2025, #BauerGrad29!
Have a great year with ELASP!
The University of Houston is a big place — Emerging Leaders Academic Success Program — ELASP, can help you get started on the right foot! The purpose of ELASP is to ease the transition from high school to college, by getting you connected and engaged at Bauer your first semester. This first-year experience program will equip you with the tools needed to excel academically and emerge into the next generation of leaders within C. T. Bauer College of Business.
What is ELASP?
The transition from high school to college can be very exciting, but also very challenging. ELASP for Freshmen is a first-year experience program, designed to provide Bauer first-time in college students with the tools and resources they need to accomplish all of their goals.
ELASP is a FREE program that freshmen students have the privilege to be a part of. The program helps students to reach their academic aspirations. Not only does the program help academically, by providing each new student with a Peer Leader, it also introduces students to their hard-working peers who share the same goals.
ELASP for Freshmen will make all the difference in your transition to Bauer!
How to Apply
We want all of our Bauer students to grow and emerge into successful business leaders during their time here. Don’t miss this incredible opportunity to excel and get ahead in your first semester!
The ELASP for Freshmen Fall 2025 application is now closed.
*You must be a freshman student to the university and specifically to Bauer to be a part of ELASP. Students who are first-time in college freshman who are in the Bauer Honors Program cannot be in ELASP. Bauer Honors has a Freshman Mentoring Program that is similar to ELASP. For more information about Bauer Honors,
please click here
.
What to Expect
Freshmen students will select a seminar time at the start of their first semester at Bauer, where they will meet weekly with a group to learn about various topics. During this hour-long seminar in their first semester, the Peer Leader facilitates discussions on topics such as interviewing, study skills, time management, dealing with transitions, how to secure internships, and more! There are also monthly social events designed to help new students connect, make friends, and learn the ins and outs of Bauer.
Back To Top