URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/advising
TITLE: Bauer Undergraduate Academic Advising | UH Bauer College

home button
Undergraduate
Advising
Academic Advising
Academic Advising
Welcome to the C. T. Bauer College of Business! We have many opportunities such as learning from first-rate faculty, quality academic advising, career development, involvement in student organizations, and student leadership. The Bauer College of Business is committed to ensuring the support you need to be successful in your academic career and beyond.
Advising
Mission and Strategic Goals
The Mission of the Office of Undergraduate Business Programs:
To be the destination of first choice for a diverse population of academically talented undergraduate business students;
To deliver advising services and solutions that retain and assist our students to graduate in a timely manner and exceed their academic and career goals; and
To support academic, leadership, and student development programs so that our graduates become employees of choice for the business community, loyal alumni, and responsible citizens.
Strategic Goals:
Recruit a diverse population of motivated, academically talented students.
Improve the undergraduate retention rate.
Improve the four and six year undergraduate graduation rates.
Create opportunities for students to build a sense of community and develop leadership skills.
Advising Services Overview
Bauer College is committed to providing quality professional academic advising services to current and prospective business majors. For a list of undergraduate business academic advisors, populations served, direct contact information, and locations, see:
http://www.uh.edu/provost/students/advising/#business
.
Additional resources may be found on the Office of the Provost advising website:
http://www.uh.edu/provost/students/
.
Business hours are Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m except during university holidays. General advising questions are answered via email (
bba@uh.edu
), phone (713-743-4900), or in person at the front desk in 262 Melcher Hall. Current UH students may make an appointment via the mobile phone app called Navigate (see instructions at:
https://www.uh.edu/undergraduate-academic-advising/
) or via their "myUH" account. Appointment schedules become available on a daily basis for appointment times in the future (during non-peak times, 30 days in advance; during advising campaigns, peak registration times, and orientation, advance posting may be shorter). Prospective students may email
bba@uh.edu
to schedule an appointment.
For advising concerns and unresolved issues, students may contact the following:
Name
Position
Phone
Dept.
Email
Room
Frank W. Kelley
Associate Dean, Undergraduate Business Programs
713-743-4912
Office of Undergraduate Business Programs
omiljanic@uh.edu
MH 223A
Brent Spraggins
Director, Pre-Business
713-743-4903
Office of Undergraduate Business Programs
bspraggins@uh.edu
MH 262A
Asha Thomas
Director, Major Advising
713-743-8963
Office of Undergraduate Business Programs
asha@uh.edu
MH 223D
Joyce Williams
Program Director, Prospective Students
713-743-3908
Office of Undergraduate Business Programs
joycewilliams@uh.edu
MH 262G
Sarah Gnospelius
Administrative Director of Bauer Honors Program
713-743-5205
Office of Undergraduate Business Programs
sjgnospelius@uh.edu
MH 250A
How to Contact an Advisor & Appointments
Advising Transactions
: Many advising services such as Filing a Degree Plan & Petitions do not require an appointment and are listed on this website.
Email an Advisor
: UH Academic Advisor emails are listed at:
https://uh.edu/provost/students/advising
Appointments through Navigate
: Current UH students interested in business, Pre-business majors, and declared business majors can make an appointment online, by phone, or in-person, through Navigate. For details on how to use Navigate:
https://uh.edu/ussc/navigate
. Prospective business students who have never taken courses at UH are encouraged to visit our comprehensive
prospective student website
, which includes step-by-step application guides, downloadable degree plans, transfer equivalency information, mandatory orientation and academic advising information, and more.
Chat with an Advisor with Microsoft Teams
: Current UH students can use Teams for quick questions with UH Academic Advisors. In Teams, go to "Chat" and type in your Advisor's name.
How to Download MS Teams:
Download MS Teams for your desktop, iOS, or Android, at
https://teams.microsoft.com/downloads
.
Sign in with your Cougarnet ID and password (append @cougarnet.uh.edu after your username).
Degree Plans, Academic Maps & Transfer Guides
2025-2026 Degree Plan
2024-2025 Degree Plan
2023-2024 Degree Plan
2022-2023 Degree Plan
2021-2022 Degree Plan
2020-2021 Degree Plan
2019-2020 Degree Plan
Four-Year Maps for Freshman Students
Transfer Guides for Transfer Students
Academic Map Worksheet
This "
Academic Map Worksheet
" is an Excel spreadsheet with templates for Pre-business and each of the seven business majors for the BBA degree. Using Column B, it can be sorted based on the
Academic Maps
with a recommended sequence of courses for freshman students with no college credit. For students admitted to UH with college credit and/or students taking courses out of sequence for various reasons, sorting by this column allows you to see what courses may be best to register for the following semesters. In some cases, the course sequence may be flexible, but in other cases may be inflexible due to prerequisite sequences (check the
Undergraduate Catalog
under “Courses” for prerequisites). Students may find this “Academic Map Worksheet” useful in conjunction with the "
Planner
" and "
Scheduler Builder
" modules in your student account in selecting and registering for courses.
Steps to Use the "Academic Map Worksheet"
Download the template
and save a copy (recommended file name:
Last-Name_First-Name_ID
). This spreadsheet is READ Only, so you must save a copy to enter data.
Select the tab for your major or intended major (select Pre-business if not yet decided). The various columns allow for sorting, but when sorting, be sure the entire spreadsheet is highlighted so all the columns sort together.
Column A
allows you to sort courses based on categories, such as Core, Business Field of Study, and Major courses.
Column B
allows you to sort courses based on the recommended sequence for freshman students with no college credit using the four-year Academic Map. For students admitted to UH with college credit and/or students taking course out of sequence for various reasons, sorting by this column allows you to see what courses may be best to register for the following semester. Before sorting by this column, students may want to first sort based on Column J (Year), then Column I (Semester).
Column C
lists the course.
Column D
has the course titles.
Column E
indicates the type of requirement that the course meets.
Column F
indicates the semester credit hours of the course, typically 3 SCH. The B.B.A. degree requires a minimum of 120 SCH.
Column G
indicates the Core Code number if the course meets a Core requirement.
Column H
is for the grade if you took it at UH, or how you earned the credit if earned elsewhere. Use the pull-down options in each cell for the following codes:
For courses completed at UH, enter the letter grade: A through D-
In-progress courses or courses you have registered for the following semester: IP
Transfer Credit: TR
Advanced Placement: AP
International Baccalaureate: IB
Future courses not yet registered for or on a Wait List: leave blank
Column I
is for the Semester you took a course, are currently in it, or plan to take the course in the future (as best you know it now). Use the pull-down options in each cell for the following codes:
1SP = Spring
2SU = Summer
3FA = Fall
Column J
is for the year you took the course. Use four digits for the year (e.g., 2024, 2025, etc.).
Periodically go over your “Academic Map Worksheet” or your “
Planner
” and “
Schedule Builder
” with your Academic Advisor for guidance.
For accuracy of your academic records, check your Degree Progress Report in your student account.
Check to make sure any AP, IB, dual credit, or transfer courses are showing on your student account.
Courses that need to be petitioned for specific course credit, use the
Transfer Credit Petition e-form
.
Academic and Career Development Timeline
EVERY YEAR
For questions throughout your time in Bauer College about your academic and career plans, your Academic Advisor (uh.edu/provost/students/advising/#business) and a Career Counselor (
hirebauer.com
) are valuable resources.
Apply for scholarships each year:
https://www.bauer.uh.edu/invest/scholarships
.
Check out the UH Financial Literacy website:
uh.edu/financial/undergraduate/financial-literacy/
.
For other valuable resource such as mental health, see CoogsCARE:
https://www.uh.edu/coogs-care/
.
For a BAUER+ link from your student account or an app for Bauer programs and student organizations, plus a 30-day ahead list of college and campus events, see:
https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/bauer-plus/
and at the end of your time in Bauer College you will have a smart transcript of the activities you participated in if you filled out the reflections forms in BAUER+.
FIRST YEAR
Fill out “myPlanner” at
https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/advising/
as best you know and share it with your Pre-business advisor.
Take required UH Core and pre-business Courses. See the Academic Map for the major you plan to pursue at:
https://uh.edu/retention-graduation-initiatives/uhin4/maps/
. For students with AP/IB, dual credit, and/or transfer credit, myPlanner can be sorted using Columns J (Year), Column I (Semester-use #’s not words), then Column B so you know what is recommended to take next based on the Academic Map.
Transfer students make sure all courses are on your UH record, and complete any required Transfer Course Equivalency petitions if necessary. For transfer credit information, see:
https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/advising/transfer.php
.
Plug into academic resources and workshops to maximize your potential:
https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/advising/resources.php
Unsure about your major? Consider assessments and a meeting with a career counselor in the Rockwell Career Center at
hirebauer.com
.
Research and join student organizations and other leadership development programs at Bauer:
bauer.uh.edu/leadership
. For a BAUER+ link from your students account or an app for Bauer programs and student organizations, plus a 30-day ahead list of college and campus events, see:
https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/bauer-plus/
SECOND YEAR
Complete BUSI 3302 as soon as you meet the prerequisite of ENGL 1301 to explore majors and career options.
Explore The Rockwell Career Center at
hirebauer.com
located in Cemo Hall, 2nd floor.
Upload your résumé onto Bauer Career Gateway at
hirebauer.com
.
Research majors relating to your career interests that you are passionate about.
Meet with your Pre-business advisor prior to registration for junior level business courses to request a Mixed Program (a one semester transition as students complete freshman-sophomore courses needed to file a degree plan). Update “myPlanner” at
https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/advising/
and share it with your Pre-business advisor.
Request an advising referral to meet with a Major advisor.
Meet with your career counselor in The Rockwell Career Center.
Attend Internship Mixer.
Attend Résumé ER/Round-Up.
Attend Volunteer Fair.
Attend Career Fair.
Explore learning abroad opportunities at
uh.edu/learningabroad
.
Note: Transfer Students need to “fast-track” the actions listed for First and Second Year.
THIRD YEAR
Consider an internship to gain experience.
Consider volunteering to build your résumé.
Get involved with a student organization that interests you.
Develop your network with past colleagues, friends, family, professors, and employers.
Update your resume and schedule an appointment with your career counselor for any concerns or questions.
Meet with a major advisor to go over advising tracks and options within the major, and the most appropriate electives or combinations of majors and minors and determine your anticipated graduation date.
Update “myPlanner” at
https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/advising/
based on your intended or declared major and share it with your advisor.
Attend Internship Mixer.
Attend Résumé ER/Round-Up.
Attend Volunteer Fair.
Attend Career Fair.
Participate in Mock Interview Days.
Apply for On-Campus Recruiting position on Bauer Career Gateway.
Explore learning abroad opportunities at
uh.edu/learningabroad
.
FOURTH YEAR
Continue to research and apply for positions on Bauer Career Gateway.
Apply for graduation and complete all requirements as you meet with your academic advisor.
Attend Graduation Orientation with UBP.
Update your résumé and schedule a mock interview with your career counselor.
Participate in Mock Interview Days.
Attend Internship Mixer.
Attend Résumé ER/Round-Up.
Attend Volunteer Fair.
Attend Career Fair.
Update and continue to build your network. Brand yourself as a recent college graduate.
Dean's List
To qualify for this recognition, undergraduate business students must earn a 3.50 minimum grade point average (the grade of S is not counted) on twelve or more semester hours completed during the semester. Students who earn a grade of I (except in a senior honors thesis course), D, F, or U during the semester are excluded from consideration for the Dean's List. Students are recognized by a letter from the Dean.
Dean's List Reception for Students with a 4.0 Semester GPA
Students on the Dean's List with a 4.0 semester grade point average who have not yet graduated are invited to a dean's reception and receive a certificate of recognition. In order to encourage timely graduation and recognize academic excellence for part-time students, students who have not yet graduated who complete 9 or more hours in each of the previous two regular semesters and 6 or more hours in summer for a total of 24 semester hours with a 4.0 are also invited to the reception and receive a certificate of recognition.
Business Writing Evaluation (BWE) Requirement
Because effective business writing is critical for academic and career success, Bauer College requires a minimum score (currently a score of 2 out of a possible score of 4 points) on a business writing evaluation (BWE).
The BWE is administered as part of a required course, BUSI 3302. The UH Writing Center provides guidelines and an informational video on how to prepare for the BWE through the BUSI 3302 Canvas shell (for a student re-taking or making up the BWE are loaded into a BWE Canvas shell with the same materials and receive email instructions by the second week of the fall or spring semesters after the student takes BUSI 3302). Evaluation of the BWE is provided by the UH Writing Center based on prompts, rubrics, and calibration provided by faculty representatives from each department on the Undergraduate Curriculum Committee in Bauer College.
Students Who Do Not Clear the BWE or did not take the BWE as part of BUSI 3302
Students who need to re-take the BWE or did not take the BWE as part of BUSI 3302 are expected to take the BWE the following fall or spring semester (the BWE is not administered during the summer). Students who meet all degree plan filing requirements except the BWE will be allowed to file, but are expected to re-take it or make it up the following fall or spring semester, when instructions are provided. Failure to re-take or make-up the BWE the following regular (fall or spring) semester may result in a registration hold.
Students re-taking or making up the BWE should prepare by attending two BWE writing consulting sessions with the UH Writing Center. In the first consulting session, students re-taking the BWE have an opportunity to go over their BWE and areas they could improve, along with recommendations for free online resource guides to study. Students re-taking it or making up the BWE would be given a sample topic for a practice paper during that session. In the second follow-up session the writing consultant would go over the practice paper and provide feedback. Students are limited to one administration of the BWE per semester unless in their graduating semester, and a total of three attempts unless approved by the Office of Undergraduate Business Programs. Students in their graduating semester should contact Andra Olivia Miljanic, Assistant Dean for Undergraduate Programs, at
omiljanic@uh.edu
for a special administration.
Instructions for Re-Taking or Making up the BWE
By the second week of fall or spring classes, students needing to re-take or make-up the BWE will be sent instructions on making an appointment with a writing consultant and will be loaded into a BWE Canvas shell available on their student account, which will have instructions on how to take the BWE, along with additional resources to prepare.
For all other questions, you can contact me at:
Andra Olivia Miljanic, Assistant Dean for Undergraduate Business Programs
713-743-4912;
omiljanic@uh.edu
Students on Probation, Suspension, or College Academic Notice
Advisors provide information by appointment only about the requirements and limitations of
probation
,
suspension
or
CAN status
, as well as related support services.  Advisors also provide general advising for course selection and registration, degree audit printing, troubleshooting, and general information.
Learning Abroad
Students interested in learning abroad may begin their journey by visiting the Learning Abroad
"Start Here" website
to learn about program options, application processes, and funding resources. Students may check the UH Learning Abroad Office website for their advising service options, and begin conducting research and narrow down program choices. Business students may schedule an online appointment in Navigate (selecting the *Business Learning Abroad option) to discuss courses and the credit petition process.
Accelerated Pathway Programs
Accelerated pathway dual degree programs provide academically outstanding students an accelerated pathway to complete an undergraduate and a master's degree in a reduced period of time. Accelerated pathway programs provide undergraduate students permission to take a specified number of master’s level courses as electives toward completion of their bachelor’s degree. The students then apply to the graduate degree program, and if accepted, the previously completed graduate coursework during the senior year is counted as transfer credit toward the completion of the master’s degree. Bauer College accelerated programs include:
Bachelor of Business Administration/Master of Public Policy
Bachelor of Business Administration/Master of Science business degrees
For inquiries, contact Asha Thomas, Director of Major Advising, at
asha@uh.edu
.
Online Services
Request to Become a Business Major
All currently non-business UH students who wish to switch their major to business must fill out an
online form
(available during specific time periods each semester) and meet all requirements in order to be officially declared as “Pre-business”.  Approved requests are effective for the semester following application.
Request to file Degree Plan
All current Pre-business majors who wish to declare their specific major must fill out a
degree plan form
(available during specific time periods each semester) and meet all requirements in order to be officially declared.  Approved requests are effective for the semester following application.
Request to make Degree Plan changes
Current business majors with degree plans on file who wish to make changes to their declaration must fill out a
degree plan form
(available during specific time periods each semester) for the change to occur. Approved requests are effective for the semester following application.
Application for Graduation
Business students who wish to graduate in a given semester must meet all requirements to graduate and should consult the online
graduation checklist
.
VA Paperwork
Business student veterans in need of required signatures and paperwork related to their VA benefits should submit their paperwork to the Undergraduate Business Programs office by attaching the paperwork to
this form
and choosing from the drop down menu "Other." Please allow at least 5-10 business days for processing.
Financial Aid and/or Scholarship Appeals
Business students in need of required signatures and paperwork related to financial aid or scholarship appeals should submit their paperwork to the Undergraduate Business Programs office by attaching the paperwork to
this form
and choosing from the drop down menu "Financial Aid and/or Scholarship Appeals." Please allow at least 5-10 business days for processing.
General Petition Process for Policy Exceptions
Students requesting a policy exception must fill out a General Petition (at:
https://uh.edu/academics/forms
) with any other necessary documentation, and should submit their paperwork to the Undergraduate Business Programs office by attaching the paperwork to
this form
and choosing from the drop down menu "General Petition Process for Policy Exemptions." Please allow 5-10 business days for processing.
Enrollment in Independent Study courses
Independent study courses (called “Special Problems” courses on the General Petition form) are available to juniors and seniors with the approval of the instructor, the department chair and the Office of Undergraduate Business Programs. It is the student’s responsibility to seek a faculty member to help design the independent study course and supervise it. No more than six semester hours of independent study courses may count toward the business administration degree plan; only three of these hours may be in the student’s major. The other three semester hours of independent study course work may count as elective credit.
To take an independent study course, the student must first obtain a
General Petition form
, complete the form, and have it signed by the faculty member who will be supervising the course and the department chair. The petition must include a description of the course and indicate the term and year in which the study will take place, along with the number of credit hours. Upload a scanned copy or photo of the form to the Undergraduate Business Programs office by attaching it to
this form
and choosing from the drop down menu "Enrollment in Independent Study Courses." Students can also turn it into the Office of Undergraduate Business Programs at least five working days prior to the enrollment (registration) or add/drop period of the term in which the course will be taken in order to assign a section number, which is required for enrollment (registration).
Curricular Practical Training (CPT) Forms
International business students who wish to participate in Curricular Practical Training in need of their academic advisor's signature on their
form
should submit their form to the Undergraduate Business Programs office by attaching it to
this form
and choosing from the drop down menu "International Students." Please allow at least 5-10 business days for processing.
Internship for Credit
Business students who wish to participate in BIP should consult the
Rockwell Career Center website
for details on the process and required forms. RCC will coordinate with your academic advisor for their approval. An appointment is not required. Please allow 3-5 business days for processing.
More Resources
Student Resources
Find your Academic Advisor
Graduation
Program for Financial Empowerment
CoogsCARE: Resources for unexpected circumstances
Get Involved
Emerging Leaders Academic Success Program
Bauer Excellence Scholars
Business Student Activities
Leadership Initiatives
Learning Abroad
Bauer in DC Internship Program
Quick Links
Become Pre-business
Back To Top