URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/bba-mpp
TITLE: BBA & MS Public Policy - Undergraduate | UH Bauer College

home button
Undergraduate
Bba mpp
Bachelor of Business Administration/Master of Public Policy
Bachelor of Business Administration/Master of Public Policy
Accelerated Pathway Program
The Bachelor of Business Administration/Master of Public Policy accelerated pathway program allows qualified undergraduate business majors to take twelve hours of graduate courses in the Hobby School of Public Policy toward BBA degree requirements, and if admitted to the MPP degree, shorten the hours required for that degree. Students wishing to pursue this option must be approved for the accelerated program no later than the beginning of their final year of undergraduate study. To inquire, email Asha Thomas, Director of Major Advising in the Office of Undergraduate Business Programs, Bauer College of Business at:
athomas@Central.uh.edu
. She will assist to determine if this program is a good fit given courses you have left to take, your GPA, and career goals. For further information on the MPP, see:
uh.edu/hobby/graduateprogram/dual-degrees/
, and for questions, contact Maggie Padilla, Program Director in the Hobby School of Public Affairs at:
mmpadilla@uh.edu
. If you meet the criteria for the accelerated pathway program, and decide to pursue it, the next step is to notify Asha Thomas of your official intent to do so no later than the beginning of your final year of undergraduate study for approval to pursue the accelerated pathway program and to register for MPP graduate courses to count toward the BBA.
Requirements for Admission to the Accelerated Pathway Program
To enter the program, a student must have a cumulative grade point average of at least 3.0 at the end of 90 semester credit hours. However, students who have a grade point average lower than 3.0 may be considered at the discretion of the Hobby School MPP Admissions Committee.
It is important to note that students who are admitted to the accelerated pathway program are not automatically admitted to the master’s degree program. They must complete all requirements of the graduate school application and must be formally admitted to the master’s degree program following their final undergraduate year.
Graduate Level Courses Approved for the Accelerated Pathway Program
POLC 6313 – Policy Analysis I: Microeconomics
POLC 6314 – Policy Research Methods I: Introduction to Statistics
POLC 6315 – Policy Research Methods II: Multivariate Analysis
POLC 6330 – Philosophy and Public Policy I
Student Resources
Find your Academic Advisor
Graduation
Program for Financial Empowerment
CoogsCARE: Resources for unexpected circumstances
Get Involved
Emerging Leaders Academic Success Program
Bauer Excellence Scholars
Business Student Activities
Leadership Initiatives
Learning Abroad
Bauer in DC Internship Program
Quick Links
Become Pre-business
Back To Top