URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/advising/probation.php
TITLE: Academic Probation - Undergraduate | UH Bauer College

home button
Undergraduate
Advising
Academic Probation
Academic Probation
Academic Probation occurs when a student's cumulative GPA at UH falls below a 2.00. Until the cumulative UH GPA is at least 2.00, a student will remain on probation. Please review the material below for further information.
Student Resources
Academic Calendar
Financial Aid
Scholarships
Student Organizations
Graduation
Quick Links
Degree Plans
Become Pre-business
Academic Probation Policies
While on Academic Probation,
a student must earn a minimum 2.00 each semester to avoid
Academic Suspension
.
Students on Academic Probation are required to meet with their
academic advisor
for an individual degree progress review before enrolling for a future term. The review may take into account a student’s past academic performance, career intentions and how continuing their business degree aligns with their professional goals.
Pre-business majors must earn a 2.50 cumulative UH GPA as well as successfully complete all remaining requirements toward
filing a degree plan
to be in good standing and continue in the Bauer College. Students who are unable to achieve a 2.50 cumulative UH GPA with the remaining coursework needed to file a degree plan, cannot be guaranteed continuance in the Bauer College.
Student who have already filed a degree plan are evaluated on a case-by-case basis.
Next Steps
Schedule an appointment with your
academic advisor
through your
myUH
account. To avoid delays during busier periods, we recommend getting advised early:
Best Times to Get Advised
Summer or Fall Term
February-March
Spring Term
September-October
Verify your current UH GPA: go to
myUH
, choose 'Student Service Center.'
Avoid registering for coursework at another school, because that coursework will not affect your UH GPA and will make it more difficult to raise your GPA with your remaining UH coursework.
Check your 'Student Service Center' for non-academic holds (click on 'Holds' then, click 'Details').
Prior to your appointment, reflect on your recent academic performance by answering the questions on the
Academic Self-Assessment
.
Based on your assessment of your academic performance, determine specific solutions to address those challenges.
Determine which
academic resources
you will utilize next semester to assist you in your success.
Familiarize yourself with
UH academic probation policies
by clicking on the link that reads "Academic Standing."
What to expect at your appointment
Your advisor will provide you with a specific target GPA and hours needed to progress with your BBA. In some cases, your advisor may recommend alternative majors or programs outside of the Bauer College.
Your advisor will ask you what caused your grades to fall and what solutions you will pursue to achieve success. Please bring the results of your self-assessment questionnaire to the appointment.
Your advisor will discuss your specific options, identify special areas of focus for your future success and suggest
academic resources
to assist you in achieving your academic goals.
Back To Top