URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/future-students/transfer/bauer-at-UH-sugar-land.php
TITLE: Bauer at UH at Sugar Land - Undergraduate | UH Bauer College

home button
Undergraduate
Future students
Transfer
Bauer at UH at Sugar Land
Undergraduate
Programs
Register for an Event
Apply Now
Bauer at UH at Sugar Land
The C. T. Bauer College of Business at the University of Houston offers a select number of junior-level (3000-level) undergraduate business courses at the UH at Sugar Land location each Fall and Spring. Students would take the remainder of their junior and senior-level (3000-4000-level) business courses on location at the UH main campus, or with any courses that are offered online.
Freshman-Sophomore Courses
Students majoring in business may take the required freshman/sophomore Core courses and Business Administration and Management Field of Study courses at a community college, or for students admitted to UH, either online or face-to-face at UH main campus. For Transfer Guides, see:
uh.edu/undergraduate-admissions/apply/transfer/transfer-equivalency-guides
Junior-Senior Courses
Students admitted to UH as a business major (students start as Pre-business) may take a select number of junior-level (3000-level) business courses at UH at Sugar Land. Almost all other required business courses at the junior level are offered online in a synchronous or asynchronous delivery mode. Courses at the 4000-level are offered online or face-to-face at UH main campus for majors in Finance, Management, and Marketing. Majors in Accounting, Entrepreneurship, MIS, and Supply Chain are offered face-to-face at UH main campus. Learn more about
the fully Online BBA
.
Fall 2023
Business Courses Taught at UH at Sugar Land
Financial Reporting Frameworks
ACCT 3366
(Course: #25669)
Instructor:
Darlene Serrato
, M.B.A., Ph.D., Senior Professor of Practice
When:
To be taught in a hybrid format on
Tuesdays/Thursdays, 4-5:30 p.m.
(in-person on Tuesdays and synchronously online on Thursdays).
Prerequisite(s):
ACCT 2301 or equivalent with a grade of C or better; ACCT 2302 with a grade of C or better or concurrent enrollment in ACCT 2302; good academic standing; and one or more of the following: pre-business major with advisor approval, declared business major, or if required for a declared minor or special program.
Description:
Introduction to GAAP and IFRS standard setting processes and frameworks. Accounting process and its application.
Note:
This course is the gateway course to the Accounting major.
Global Environment of Business
INTB 3355
(Course: #15947)
Instructor:
Elena Farah
has a Ph.D. in Political Science from the University of Houston, experience working as a public finance analyst for Moody's in NYC, teaching experience for UH (Political Science) at the Sugar Land campus, and extensive international experience.
When:
To be taught in a hybrid format on
Tuesdays, 5:30 - 7:00 p.m.
Prerequisite(s):
Good academic standing; and one or more of the following: pre-business major with advisor approval, declared business major, or if required for a declared minor or special program.
Description:
Examination and evaluation of global environment of business and the factors that impact business in the context of globalization.
Questions?
Email us at
bba@uh.edu
.
﻿
What Makes Bauer
So Unique?
Check Out
Our Viewbook
What Makes Bauer So Unique?
×
Back To Top