URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/advising/enrollment-guide.php
TITLE: Enrollment Guide - Undergraduate | UH Bauer College

home button
Undergraduate
Advising
Enrollment Guide
Enrollment Guide
Resources for Successful Enrollment
Check out these useful resources for
enrollment
.
Definition & Selection of Electives
A common question for students who have room in their degree plan for electives is what to select. Below are definitions of the types of electives and guidelines for course selection.
General Elective
: any 1000-4000 course, business or non-business (except no more than 2 hours of PEB and no developmental courses)
Advanced Elective
: any 3000-4000 course, business or non-business
Advanced Business Elective
: any 3000-4000 business course
Major Elective
: any 3000-4000 course in your major
How to Select Your Electives
Many students have AP, IB, dual credit, or transfer credit that may not meet specific course requirements but may count toward electives. It is best to wait to take additional electives until a student has petitioned all transfer courses, if any, and has decided on a major, since the elective hours vary based on major. Also, some tracks and certificates require additional courses for the major, and a student may decide to do the accelerated pathway program (two graduate courses for the undergraduate degree), declare a double major or minor with courses that would meet electives toward the first major. Which electives to select may involve one or more of the following:
Courses toward the accelerated pathway program (two graduate courses for the undergraduate degree)
Courses toward a second major, a minor, or a track or certificate
Courses relating to career and professional goals such as the energy or healthcare industries
Courses to develop soft skills such as leadership and communication
Courses with practical applications such as financial planning or wellness
Courses of personal interest such as art or history
New or Special Interest Programs and Courses
The Undergraduate Catalog is a resource to explore all undergraduate business programs and courses at:
University of Houston - Acalog ACMS™ (uh.edu)
.
Programs of Special Interest
Certificates Effective Fall 2024 (for details, consult the 2024-2025 Undergraduate Catalog):
Artificial Intelligence in Business Certificate (BUSI 3310 Introduction to Business Consulting to be offered in Spring 2025)
Business Consulting Certificate: course options for this certificate included SURE courses - BUSI 4335/FINA 4335 and BUSI 4336/FINA 4336 – provide experiential learning in a business consulting role:
Stimulating Urban Renewal Through Entrepreneurship
at UH
Healthcare Leadership Certificate
Internal Audit Certificate
Accelerated Pathway Program
: allows qualified students to take two graduate courses at undergraduate tuition their senior year and reduce the requirements for an MS in business degree by six hours. Courses may be toward the major or toward electives. Consult your Academic Advisor at the time you declare your major to see if you would qualify and if so, to plan those options if interested.
Learning Abroad
UH Learning Abroad offers many different opportunities, both short-term and long-term, through faculty-led, exchange, or affiliated programs. For information, see:
Learn Abroad. Start Here. - University of Houston (uh.edu)
Courses of Interest and New Courses
Courses with the number 4397 are new or recently taught courses that can be taken more than once as long as the topics vary.
Management & Leadership Department courses of special interest:
Pre-requisite:
MANA 3335 (Introduction to Organizational Behavior and Management – cannot be taken concurrently). Open to undergraduate declared business majors, minors, or related programs in good academic standing.
MANA 4331 (Current Issues in Human Resource Management)
Topics of current interest and emerging issues in human resource management, including implications for research and applications.
MANA 4333 (Current Issues in Management)
Analysis of current issues in management with an emphasis on problem solving, innovation, and organizational change.
MANA 4350 (International Management)
Managerial effectiveness and its implications for global organizations.
MANA 4353 (Management Training and Career Development)
Practices and trends in training and development in organizations, including skills training, coaching and mentoring, leadership training, and motivational techniques.
MANA 4354 (Equal Employment Opportunity Commission)
Through a semester-long volunteer internship at the district Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) office in downtown Houston, students will learn about federal law regarding equal opportunity in the workplace.
MANA 4385 (Introduction to Strategic Management)
Developing and understanding strategies for competing in various types of industry structures. Examination of corporate decisions by analysis of such issues as industry evolution, competitor profiles, and entry/exit barriers.
New Management & Leadership Department Permanent Courses:
Pre-requisite:
MANA 3335 is listed, but in Spring 2025 students may enroll without the MANA 3335 prerequisite in the following new courses. Open to undergraduate business majors, minors, or related programs in good academic standing.
MANA 4312 (Fundamentals of Healthcare Business)
Introduction to an overview of the U.S. healthcare business environment, its institutions, operations, economics, and current challenges.
MANA 4372 (Healthcare Leadership)
Development of the skills needed to elicit commitment and productivity from people and teams in the rapidly changing healthcare environment.
MANA 4382 (Healthcare Strategy)
Development of strategic thinking based on understanding environmental and internal analysis, sustainable competitive advantage, and organizational strategic leadership in healthcare.
New Management & Leadership Department Selected Topics (4397) Courses:
Pre-requisite:
Open to undergraduate declared business majors, minors, or related programs in good academic standing.
MANA 4397 (Global Human Resource Management)
Learn GHRM theory and processes for the MultiNational Enterprise (MNE) organizations at home and abroad. This is an online asynchronous course that explores human resources comparatively across countries. During the Global Human Resource Management course, students can expect to:
Earn a working knowledge of key issues of global human resource management and how to apply them for firms based in the U.S. and abroad.
Gain an understanding of recruitment, staffing, and retention strategies for MultiNational Enterprises (MNEs).
Undertake case studies and collaboration to work in virtual teams.
Learn from examples of firms based in the US, China, Europe, and Latin America.
Apply their learnings in assessments made through written discussions, brief analytical essays, and a final team project on a case study.
Join us for GHRM in the Spring 2025 semester! To learn more about the course, please feel free to reach out to Dr. Beverly Barrett -
beverly@beverlybarrett.org
.
MANA 4397 (Training & Development with AI)
Are you ready to revolutionize your approach to training and development? In this cutting-edge course, you’ll explore how Artificial Intelligence is transforming the world of talent development, learning, and organizational growth. Discover the latest AI tools and techniques that are reshaping the way companies train their employees, from personalized learning pathways to smart performance feedback systems. This course will equip you with the skills to harness AI and drive innovation in any industry, to lead the future of HR, business, or organizational development. Don't miss out on the opportunity to be at the forefront of the future of work! For questions about this course, please contact Dr. Cate Wengelnik (
cwengelnik@central.uh.edu
).
Internships for Credit
Programs and Courses Across Campus
The B.B.A. degree has elective options that allow students to take courses outside of Bauer College that will broaden your understanding through foreign languages, history, politics, society, culture, religion, education, science, and the arts.
Limit of 27 Hours of Business Courses at UH by Non-business Majors
Due to business accreditation (AACSB), non-business majors are limited to 27 hours of business courses taken at UH (prefixes ACCT, BCIS, BUSI, BZAN, ENTR, FINA, INTB, MANA, MARK, MIS, SCM, and STAT). Non-business majors applying for business minors or certificates, applying for special programs such as Real Estate, the Program for Excellence in Selling, and the Wolff Center for Entrepreneurship, taking business required for a non-business degree, or taking business courses for personal interest or enrichment should check with the Office of Undergraduate Business Programs if they have questions regarding this limitation by emailing
bba@uh.edu
.
Courses Open to Integrated Studies Majors
Students with an Integrated Studies major with a Business and Consumer Science concentration may take up to 27 hours of business courses at UH toward their B.S. degree from the following business courses as long as they meet specific course prerequisites (students may petition to take other business courses as long as the 27 hour limit is not exceeded by emailing
bba@uh.edu
:
BUSI 1301
BCIS 1305
ACCT 2301
ACCT 2302
BUSI 2305 (prerequisites: BCIS 1305 and MATH 1324)
BUSI 3300
ENTR 3310
ENTR 3312
INTB 3355
MANA 3335
MARK 3337
Enrollment Policies
Closed Class
Bauer College Policy for closed business courses:
Instructors in Bauer College do not have permission to enroll students into closed classes. Use the Wait List feature if available. If you are a graduating senior and a specific course required for graduation is closed, contact your Academic Advisor.
Non-business Policies:
The policies to enroll in a closed class vary from college to college, so the first step is to contact the Academic Advising Office of the college or department of the course that is closed. Contact information is available at
Undergraduate Academic Advising
.
Priority for Enrollment
University Policy:
Priority for enrollment is based on student categories, so that certain qualified groups enroll first (such as UHin4, Honors College, SGA, athletes, etc.), then regular students based on classification.
Bauer Policy:
Priority is given to graduating seniors on the Wait List with a Graduation Application. Contact your Academic Advisor for assistance.
Top 10 Reasons Students Can't Enroll in Undergraduate Business Classes
Click each
red
heading below for more information.
The Class is full
Students are able to tell if a class is full by either a green circle (open) or red square (closed) indicated by the course in the course schedule. Advisors are not able to put students into closed sections. The best option for students is to check the class schedule frequently to see if a space becomes available.
Course Prerequisites
When registering for a course that has a specific
course prerequisite
, a student must have completed the prerequisite course or currently be enrollled in the prerequisite course at UH during the time of registration. Please see below for examples and requirements for transfer work. Also, 'under prerequisites for' on this page will link to specific course prerequisites for all business classes in each department.
Not in a Mixed Program
Students may only enroll in 3000 level business courses without a degree plan on file or are in their 1st semester transition, known as a BBA Mixed Program. For students to progress within the BBA degree plan, they must complete CORE and Pre-business classes and achieve a minimum GPA of a 2.5 on at least 12 UH credit hours. We allow a transition phase, called a BBA Mixed Program, for students to complete these requirements while taking 3000 level business courses. In order to get into the BBA Mixed Program, students need to meet with a
pre-business advisor
. Or if requirements are met, students may
file a degree plan
to enroll in additional 3-4000 level business classes.
No Degree Plan on File
Students may not take any 4000 level business courses without a
degree plan on file
.
Non-business/postbac/graduate
Non-business majors may not take 3000-4000 level business courses except for designated classes open to non-business majors
, or courses needed for a declared minor or business-related programs. Postbaccalaureate students may not major in business, but may take courses open to non-business majors or as part of a business minor. Graduate students may not enroll in undergraduate business courses or sections. For more options, please visit the post bac
information page
.
Time Conflict
The class schedule will not allow students to enroll in two sections that begin at the same time. Please double check when the courses are offered to ensure the class is not being held at the same time or overlap at any time.
2.0 GPA Requirement
A minimum UH GPA of a 2.0 is required in order to enroll in 3000 of 4000 level business courses.
Honors Section
Sections that have an honors college designation only allows Honor's College members to enroll. There are few honor's sections that a student must ask for permission. Please visit the
Bauer Honor's College
website for additional information.
Needs Instructor consent
Some courses require an instructor approval to enroll into the course. Please view the course requirements by clicking on the section of the course in the class schedule and contact the instructor/department for approval.
Hold on record
A hold, or negative service indicator (NSI), may prevent enrollment. In order to view an NSI, please check
my
UH
under student self service. By clicking on the icon, a student will be informed on what department to go to resolve the hold.
Mixed Program Requirements and Degree Plan Filing
Pre-Business majors should first enroll in any remaining CORE and Pre-business courses in order to file a degree plan. (Example: Joe Cougar has completed all CORE and Pre-business core classes with the exception of ACCT 2302. Joe needs to enroll in ACCT 2302 before filing a degree plan.)
Pre-business majors are allowed to be in a transitional phase (called BBA Mixed Program) to take 3000 level business courses without having a
degree plan
on file. This includes all 3000 level business courses (with W's, I's, F's, and passing grades) and courses transferred.  (Example: Joe Cougar will enroll in Math 1313 and HIST 1377 next semester. These are the only courses he needs to file a degree plan. He may enroll in 3000 level business courses in order to be a full-time student, as long as he will meet degree plan filing requirements by the end of that semester).
Once a degree plan has been filed, students are able to take all additional 3000 - 4000 business courses required for graduation. For specific course selection , please consult your
major specific advisor
.
Student Resources
Academic Calendar
Financial Aid
Scholarships
Bauer Excellence Scholars
Student Organizations
Graduation
Quick Links
Degree Plans
Become Pre-business
Business Minors
Students who have declared a minor in Business or are part of an approved specialty program can enroll in courses needed for their minor or specialty program (including 3000 & 4000 level business courses). Please see the
Business Minor
page for details.
How do course prerequisites work?
When registering for a course that has a specific
course prerequisite
, a student must have completed the prerequisite course or currently be enrollled in the prerequisite course at UH during the time of registration. (Example: Joe Cougar is taking ACCT 2301 at UH in the Fall and is able to register for ACCT 2302 for the Spring semester during his registration time).
A prerequisite course must be completed with a passing grade (D- or higher, unless a specific grade is noted such as pre-business courses & ACCT 3367) prior to the start of the course.
Prerequisites completed at another University (transfer work) must be evaluated and updated in the UH Peoplesoft system. (Example: Joe Cougar is enrolled in ACCT 2301 at HCC in the Fall and would not be able to enroll in ACCT 2302 at UH for the Spring until transfer credit is posted to his PeopleSoft account).
Concurrent enrollment means to take a course and it's prerequisite in the same semester.
Students must meet with their
academic advisor
if they fall into either of these categories:
they do not pass the course with the appropriate grade (Example: Joe Cougar received an F, W, or I in ACCT 2301 and is enrolled in ACCT 2302)
their UH cumulative GPA falls below a 2.0.
When can I register?
Please refer to your enrollment appointment on
my
UH
.
How many times can I repeat a course?
3000-4000 level business courses may be repeated no more than 3 times (including W's, I's, F's and passing grades). After your third attempt, you must get approval from your advisor by petition.
Back To Top