URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/student-success/tblcp
TITLE: Ted Bauer Leadership Certificate Program | UH Bauer College

home button
Undergraduate
Student success
Tblcp
Ted Bauer Leadership Certificate Program
Ted Bauer Leadership Certificate Program
Overview
The Ted Bauer Leadership Certificate Program (TBLCP) accepts approximately 100 undergraduate business students each fall for a year-long program in leadership development. The program helps students by teaching them about teamwork, professionalism, and most importantly self-awareness. Students in the program can expect to learn more about themselves through weekly workshops, teambuilding exercises, leadership assessments, and ongoing discussions with their peers.
Meet the Team for 2025-2026
2025-2026 Application Now Closed!
We have officially closed the application process and have chosen all participants for this year. Check out our other leadership development opportunities we have coming up!
More Leadership Events
Email for More Information
Components of TBLCP
Weekly Leadership Development Workshops
Leadership Coaching
Leadership Assessments (CliftonStrengths and the Student Leadership Practices Inventory)
Professional Events
Written Reflection
Public Speaking Presentations and Feedback
Individual Leadership Development Plan
For more information, visit our
Frequently Asked Questions
page!
Find Us
Social Media
Benefits of the TBLCP Program
100% Agree
Because of TBLCP, I have a better understanding of what leadership is.
TBLCP Student Survey
100% Agree
Completing TBLCP was beneficial in my leadership development.
TBLCP Student Survey
What Our Students are Saying
What was your favorite part about TBLCP?
“My favorite part of the program was my
overall growth
that I was able to have by being in the program. When I first joined TBLCP, I wasn't too sure about my leadership skills and how to apply them, but by being in the program I was able to gain an officer position within my organization and apply everything that I learned in TBLCP and my development personally to impact members and others positively.”
— Delia Grantham, 2024-2025 TBLCP Student
“My favorite part of the program is easily the
CliftonStrengths assessment, coaching session
, and
workshops
. I struggled to see myself as a leader prior to the assessment and the coaching session, which made it hard for me to truly reflect on any goals I could set. After realizing what my strengths meant, I greatly enjoyed talking to my peers about our traits and how they come into play in our daily routines.”
— Indra Aguilar, 2024-2025 TBLCP Student
“The
capstone project
was great. It felt like such a
real-life experience
. I feel like I have a great idea of what I can expect going into the workforce.”
— Marie Collazo, 2024-2025 TBLCP Student
“My favorite part of the program was connecting with like-minded peers and learning from their experiences. The sense of
community and support
really made the journey meaningful.”
— Mubin Momin, 2024-2025 TBLCP Student
“Overall, my favorite part of the program has been the socials and how
engaging
everything is. It made learning about leadership
fun and interactive
and helped
build real connections
with others in the program.”
— Lana Zaidan, 2024-2025 TBLCP Student
“My favorite part was challenging myself to
become a better public speaker
. I was unprepared for my college journey presentation, received great feedback, attended the public speaking workshop, then I was able to see a difference by the time I had my Capstone Project presentation.”
— Ashlyn Castillo, 2024-2025 TBLCP Student
Back To Top