URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/majors-minors
TITLE: Majors & Minors | Bauer College of Business at UH

home button
Undergraduate
Majors minors
Majors and Minors
Majors and Minors
Learn the business of tomorrow, today.
Learn the fundamentals of business, specialize your skills, and prepare yourself to be an asset and a leader in any business.
7 majors
,
11 minors
, 1 bright future.
Pre-business and business majors can
declare or modify their business major or minor
. Non-business majors can
request a change of major to business
or can
declare a business minor
.
Business majors wanting a business minor do so when they declare their major or any time afterwards.
Non-business majors wanting a business minor are advised to wait to
file for a business minor
until completing 60 hours or more hours unless the prerequisite for a business course requires a minor to be declared, such as ACCT 2301 and ACCT 2302 or certain upper-level business courses, in which case, a student may file earlier.
Majors
Accounting
Learn the language of business under one of the state’s best undergraduate accounting programs. Measure, analyze, and communicate complex financial information that shapes the decisions and objectives of businesses large and small.
Entrepreneurship
Bring your passion project to life under the guidance of one of the nation’s leading entrepreneurship programs. From idea to business plan to launch, Bauer offers new entrepreneurs the mentors and resources, to create their own opportunities.
Finance
Master the theory and application of business financing and investment strategies for individuals, corporations, and nonprofits. Our multiple specialty tracks allow you to tailor and expand your finance knowledge into specific industries.
Management
Master the administrative sciences of organizational management and leadership. Learn the art of motivating personnel, adapting organizations through change, and coordinating human resources in any organization.
Management Information Systems
The information systems field has evolved, and at Bauer, you’ll learn to identify user and consumer problems and translate these needs into innovative technology solutions
Marketing
From market research and analysis to sales and advertising, you’ll learn to guide an organization’s products and services through the ever-evolving media landscape. Four interest areas allow you to pursue specialized career paths.
Supply Chain Management
A career in the center of the action. Lead the critical business functions that enable companies to create, produce, and deliver products and services. You’ll learn the leadership, problem solving, and analytics skills needed to excel in this dynamic, diverse, and exciting career.
Minors
Tailor and expand your growing skills with a business-based specialization with these 11 minors.
Requirements:
All business minors require a 3.25 or above GPA, except for Entrepreneurship (which requires a 2.0 or above UH GPA) and the Sales minor (which requires a selection process as part of MARK 3337). The calculation of the GPA includes any attempted transfer courses; students with more than 60 semester hours of college credit must meet the same criteria, but the calculation of the GPA is based on the last 60 hours, and if the 60th hour occurs in the middle of a term, all grades for that term are included in the calculation). Students should consult the
Academic Regulations
for minors, including grade point average, advanced hours, and residency, on the requirements for minors.
Accounting
It’s the language of business, critical to every individual, corporation and organization, and applicable to any career path.
Entrepreneurship
Learn how to start and grow your own business with courses offered by Bauer College's nationally ranked entrepreneurship program.
Finance
Learn how to apply the principles and strategies of investing and money management for yourself, others, and various organizations.
Human Resources Management
Learn how organizations recruit, maintain, and support their workforces through ethical and socially responsible practices.
Management & Leadership
Managing and leading people, teams, and organizations is a vital skill for nearly every career. Learn the skills that will propel you up the ladder.
Management Information Systems
It’s a digital world. Understanding the language of information systems will help you understand the functions, challenges, and solutions of modern businesses.
Marketing
Learn how to promote products, services, and brand stories to diverse and evolving audiences through various mediums that maximize brand exposure and drive profits.
Risk Management and Insurance
From assessing and mitigating risk to underwriting insurance policies, this underrated field is in increasingly high demand..
Sales
Learn to leverage technology to enhance sales productivity and profitability of salespeople.
Supply Chain Management
Understand the complex processes that create and deliver products to consumers across the globe. Learn the logistics strategies that bring ideas to the shelf.
Business Administration
For UH undergraduates looking to expand their non-business major with some business acumen, this minor will provide you with the concise business education you need.
Non-Business Majors
Only
Non-Business Majors
Only
Back To Top