URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/advising/resources.php
TITLE: Academic Resources - Undergraduate | UH Bauer College

home button
Undergraduate
Advising
Academic Resources
Academic Resources
The University of Houston and the Bauer College of Business offer a wide range of academic resources, across campus, to help students reach optimal success. Below is a list of resources that help with study tips, tutoring, counseling, research tools and library resources.
Bauer Tutoring Services: Students enrolled in ACCT 2301, ACCT 2302, ACCT 3366, ACCT 3367, BCIS 1305, BUSI 2305, FINA 3332, and STAT 3331 may consult the course syllabi for details on tutorial services for these courses.
UH Writing Center
: 234 Classroom & Business Building (CBB), offers one-on-one consultations with peer tutors who will help undergraduate students with their writing assignments. Writing Center consultants will not edit student papers, but will instruct students in development, organization, and other fundamentals of writing.
LAUNCH: Learning Advancements for Undergraduate Cougars of Houston
: N109 Cougar Village 1, tutoring in most subjects, academic counseling and workshops in reading comprehension, study skills, and exam preparation.
Math Lab
: 222-Garrison Gym, tutoring for lower-level math courses.
Counseling and Psychological Services (CAPS)
: 226 Student Service Center, CAPS can help students who are having difficulties managing stress, adjusting to college, or feeling sad and hopeless. You can reach CAPS by calling 713-743-5454 during and after business hours for routine appointments or if you or someone you know is in crisis. Also, there is no appointment necessary for the “Let's Talk” program, which is a drop-in consultation service at convenient locations and hours around campus.
www.uh.edu/caps/outreach/lets-talk
.
Business Library Resources
: See the Virtual Libraries page.
Financial Literacy Resources
: Finances can impact academic success. UH has a website to resources on various financial topics and also offers financial literacy counseling.
UH Information Technology
for software training and resources.
Student Resources
Find your Academic Advisor
Graduation
Get Involved
Business Student Activities
Emerging Leaders Academic Success Program
Leadership Initiatives
Bauer Excellence Scholars
Learning Abroad
Back To Top