URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/future-students/visit-bauer.php
TITLE: Visit Bauer - Undergraduate Future Students | UH Bauer

home button
Undergraduate
Future students
Visiting Bauer College
Undergraduate
Programs
Register for an Event
Apply Now
Visiting Bauer College
There are many ways that parents, students, and educators can visit the Bauer College of Business.
Bauer New Students
A new website contains information for
new Bauer students
, including information about
succeeding your first semester
.
Get one step closer to choosing your school – visit the UH campus and UH Bauer College! Here are just some of the opportunities you have to come experience Bauer:
UH Admissions Events
Have you seen the REAL UH?  Field trips, concerts, and summer programs don't count!  Students and parents often like to start out their college search with a tour of campus or attendance at open houses and other university-wide events. These events are offered by the UH Office of Admissions. Visit their
events website
for complete information about how to visit UH!   On any day of the week except Sunday, consider coupling your visit with a
self-guided tour
of UH Bauer College!
Bauer College Self-Guided Tours
Want to come check out UH Bauer College at your own pace? Self-guided tour pamphlets are available to visitors Monday - Friday, 8-5pm at the Office of Undergraduate Business Programs (262, Second Floor Melcher Hall) or for
download
online at any time.  Our buildings (Melcher Hall, Cemo Hall, and the Classroom & Business Building) are open every day except Sunday.
Bauer Honors Program Comprehensive Visits
Students interested in membership in The Honors College can contact
bauerhonors@uh.edu
for a comprehensive visit to campus, which can include tours of UH, Bauer College, and The Honors College, as well as business honors class visitation and meetings with program staff.  More information can be found at the Bauer Business Honors Program
webpage
.
Houston Metro Area College Fairs
UH Bauer College hits the road in October and November of each year, along with UH Office of Admissions, to visit many Houston-area high schools and school districts at their local college fairs.  Come visit our table at a college fair event near you!
Getting Here
UH Bauer College is located on the corner of UH University Blvd. and Martin Luther King Boulevard, near Interstate 45, about 5 minutes south of downtown Houston. Metered and garage parking is available next to and across the street from the college. Visit the
Bauer College maps and information webpage
for complete information.
Resources for Counselors and Educators
At Bauer College, we are committed to providing quality business education
not only to our current students, but prospective students as well! We have
a variety of resources available for educators to inform their students about
what Bauer College and careers in business can offer them, including:
UH Bauer College Literature & Information
To request literature (including our viewbook, featuring valuable information on each of our seven undergraduate majors) and information, or to speak with our staff about any of our programs and initiatives, please contact
bba@uh.edu
and staff from our Office of Undergraduate Business Programs will assist you!
Group Tours of UH Bauer College
Our group tours are designed to connect high school students with tthe real world of business while having some fun in a fast-paced college environment!  We know that coming on campus to visit UH Bauer College is the BEST way to creatively help students make wise choices about how they fit in to the college (specifically UH) community.  Come check us out!
Designed for high school organizations and community groups.
Conducted upon request.
Reservations/scheduling in advance required.
Class Visitation offered with advanced notice. (Friday class visitation not available.)
Tour of business college only, but can be paired with UH tour and other events as needed and available.
To schedule a group tour, contact
bba@uh.edu
.
﻿
What Makes Bauer
So Unique?
Check Out
Our Viewbook
What Makes Bauer So Unique?
×
Back To Top