URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/advising/transfer.php
TITLE: Transfer Credit Guide - Undergraduate | UH Bauer College

home button
Undergraduate
Advising
Transfer Credit Guide
Transfer Credit Guide
CORE Courses
Students who have taken CORE courses at another Texas public 2- or 4-year institution do not need to petition courses for CORE at UH. If the course taken was CORE at a Texas public institution it will transfer as CORE at UH. If a course is not coded properly as meeting CORE at UH on your Transfer Evaluation, you may contact the Office of Admissions at
admissions@uh.edu
, 713-743-1010, or visit the Welcome Center, or contact your Academic Advisor or email
bba@uh.edu
for assistance. Consult the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board Core Web Center for a listing of approved core courses from other Texas public two- or four-year institutions:
https://apps.highered.texas.gov/resumes/apps/tcc
. For Transfer Equivalency Guides for lower-level courses, see:
uh.edu/undergraduate-admissions/apply/transfer/transfer-equivalency-guides/index
.
CORE Communication Requirement [010]
Students who took both CORE Communication courses [010] at another Texas public two- or four-year institution, and the second course was a course other than ENGL 1302, may substitute it for ENGL 1302. Consult the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board Core Web Center for a listing of approved core courses from other Texas public two- or four-year institutions:
Texas General Education Core Curriculum WebCenter
.
For questions or to request a substitution of your CORE code 010 course for ENGL 1302 on your degree requirements, consult with your academic advisor or email
bba@uh.edu
.
If you are not CORE complete, and plan to take other CORE courses such as Language, Philosophy, and Culture or Creative Arts at UH, many of these courses have ENGL 1302 as a prerequisite without substitution. ENGL 1302 may also be required if you change your major from business to a non-business major or declare certain non-business minors.
Business Administration and Management Field of Study (BAMFS) Courses
Students needing transfer credit for a BAMFS course taken at a two- or four-year Texas public institution do not need to petition it for any of the following lower-level BAMFS courses (ACCT 2301, ACCT 2302, BCIS 1305, BUSI 1301, or BUSI 2305), but instead should contact their Academic Advisor or email bba@uh.edu for assistance to update their transfer credit.
Transfer Credit Petition Process for Course Equivalency
Students with transfer courses that are not accepted as equivalent to a UH course and that are not Core or BAMFS at another Texas public two- or four-year institution may petition for transfer credit after their Orientation hold is removed and their initial transfer credit evaluation has been posted to their record. Students with domestic and/or international transfer courses should follow these steps:
Log on your UH Access student account, click on the "Advising" tile, and follow the instructions to complete a Transfer Credit Petition e-form (requires uploading a course description and/or course syllabus from the institution where you received credit for the transfer course). For a visual guide to instructions to submit and view the status of your Transfer Credit Petition e form,
click here
.
Once a decision has been made, you will receive an email. If approved, it will be posted on your transfer record. For questions on this process, the status of the Transfer Credit Petition e-form, or if you have not received a reply within four weeks, contact
bba@uh.edu
.
Petitions denied for a specific lower-level business course will automatically count as a General Elective course toward the BBA degree up to the limit of the required nine credit hours as long as it does not violate residency requirements. The last 30 semester hours of a bachelor’s degree must be completed in residence; see the university policy for permitted exceptions.
Petition for Advanced Business Courses
Students with transfer credit for an unspecified advanced (3000-4000 level) business course (a course with any of these business letters - ACCT, BZAN, ENTR, FINA, GENB, INTB, MANA, MARK, MIS, STAT, or SCM - followed by the letters “ADVC”) must petition for it to count toward a specific business course, an elective course for a business major, or as an advanced business elective. Students with credit for BUSI 2305 and an additional business statistics course with content equivalent to STAT 3331 and a grade of “B” or higher may petition for STAT 3331 credit. Students with upper-level credit for a “Principles of Finance” course may petition for credit. A grade of “B” or higher is required for credit for FINA 3332 if the course content is approved. With a grade of “C-” to “B-” and approved course content is allowed to meet the FINA 3332 degree requirement, but not to meet the FINA 3332 prerequisite for 4000-level finance courses. Petitions denied for a specific advanced business course may be petitioned to count as an elective course for one of the business majors (as one of the following: ACCT 4397, ENTR 4397, FINA 4397, MANA 4397, MARK 4397, MIS 4397, or SCM 4397) or as an advanced business elective for any of the majors (BUSI 4397).
Review for transfer credit equivalency does not consider residency requirements for the degree, major, or minor. Students are responsible to meet the following residency requirements regardless of approval for transfer credit. 18 hours of advanced coursework are required to be taken in residence. 18 semester hours of advanced MIS course work in residence are required for the MIS major. A residency requirement of 15 semester hours of advanced accounting course work is required for the accounting major. In the remaining business majors, 12 semester hours of advanced course work in residence are required. For minors, at least six advanced credit hours must be taken in residence.
Petition for BUSI 4350
Because BUSI 4350 meets the UH CORE Writing in the Discipline (WID) requirement, students who are petitioning for transfer credit for a course equivalent to BUSI 4350 must meet all three of the following conditions:
Completion of a course (or a combination of courses) covering the following subjects:
Business ethics; and
o Business law (covering contracts, agency, and business organizations).
The course(s) requested for equivalency status must be junior level or higher.
Fulfillment of the Writing in the Discipline requirement by one of the following methods:
The course (or combination of courses) receiving transfer credit must have had significant writing assignments (typically for BUSI 4350, students complete 5 papers, together totaling between 4,000-5,000 words for the course).
Completion of another course designated by UH as "writing intensive;" or
Completion of an alternative course that contained a significant (3,000 word) writing component (and that is not already counted toward degree requirements).
Transferring International Credit
The Office of International Admissions will process an initial transfer evaluation during a student’s first semester at UH. Students may petition for transfer credit as outlined above if courses did not automatically transfer to meet degree requirements.
The Department of Accountancy and Taxation does not accept international transfer credit. However, credit for Financial and Managerial Accounting may be received by passing a CLEP exam for ACCT 2301 and credit may be received by passing a departmental exam for ACCT 2302. Students wishing to earn credit for these courses must contact Testing Services for information https://uh.edu/casa/ or call (713) 743-5444.
Students who have accounting credit that is 7 years and older will need to retake the specific accounting courses as required by the Accounting Department.
International Baccalaureate (IB) Test Credit
UH recognizes the comprehensive and rigorous curriculum of the International Baccalaureate (IB) and offers possible credit for scores of 4, 5, 6 or 7 on higher-level or 4, 5, 6, or 7 on standard-level with Diploma examinations. An entering freshman who holds an IB diploma will be granted at least 24 college credit hours if he or she has scored 4 or better on the IB exams. IB diploma or certificate sent to the University of Houston will be reviewed for credit.
Below are the steps involved:
Visit the IB website (
https://www.ibo.org
) and use the UH Institution Code 01409 to order their Official IB Transcripts.
Once received by UH, IB credit will be evaluated based on the
Credit by Examination charts
and posted to the student’s record.
If there is not an equivalent based on the chart, then students with posted credit that is not for a specific course may petition for credit.  Students would not use the electronic Transfer Credit Petition process since it only links to transfer courses taken at a college but does not pull in credit earned by IB, so those would need to be petitioned the using a General Petition form, accessible by this link:
https://www.uh.edu/academics/forms/fall-2012-general-petition
.  Students should also attach as complete a description of the IB course as is available, such as a course syllabus.
For a business course, email a scanned copy of the General Petition and supporting documentation to
bba@uh.edu
, where it will be logged in and then routed to the appropriate faculty member for review.
If approved by the faculty member, it is then routed to the associate dean of the college for final approval, and then routed to the UH Testing Center to make a change to the credit from an elective to a specific course number.
Taking Prerequisites at Another School (Permission to Register)
Students who are planning to take a prerequisite course at another school will not be able to register for courses the following semester if the prerequisite course(s) are not completed and transferred to UH before the start of the registration cycle for the following semester.
For example, if a student is planning to take ACCT 2301 at another school in the summer semester, they will not be able to register for ACCT 2302 at UH for the fall semester because at the time of registration, the prerequisite course would not have been completed and transferred to UH.
In order to facilitate the registration process, students are encouraged to request permission to register for a class(es) while completing a prerequisite course at another school. A separate request is required for each course.
By submitting a request, students agree to complete the following steps below to ensure that their records are updated in a timely manner.
Student's agreement:
If student does not make a grade of C or better in the required prerequisite(s), student will drop the corresponding prerequisite course that student enrolled in by the last day for a refund (note that if a student is not enrolled in any classes at UH, that is considered a withdrawal, and refunds are pro-rated).
Student will request an electronic transmission of the transcript from the school where student will be taking the prerequisite as soon as the grades post.
Student will check their student account to see if the transfer credit has been awarded in a timely fashion (allow 10 business days for processing), and will follow up with the Office of Admissions in the Welcome Center and will notify student’s academic advisor if it is not processed by that time.
Upon approval, the student will receive notification that they have been approved for registration.
Permission to Register Form
Student Resources
Academic Calendar
Financial Aid
Scholarships
Bauer Excellence Scholars
Student Organizations
Graduation
Quick Links
Degree Plans
Become Pre-business
Back To Top