URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/online-bba-inquiry
TITLE: Online BBA Inquiry for Current Students | UH Bauer College

home button
Undergraduate
Online bba inquiry
Online BBA for Current Students
Online BBA for Current Students
Bauer College currently offers an Online BBA for majors in Accounting, Entrepreneurship
*
, Finance, Management, Marketing, Management Information Systems, and Supply Chain Management. Current business majors in Bauer College who are interested in switching to the Online BBA must meet with an Online BBA advisor or attend an Online BBA Info Session. Your current Academic Advisor for the regular BBA will not be able to assist with questions about the Online BBA.
The Online BBA is 100% online and does not allow students to take any face-to-face classes or access to on-campus services. (Note: current students in the regular BBA are allowed to take any online classes listed in the Class Schedule.)
*
Effective Fall 2026, the Entrepreneurship major will no longer be available in the UH Extend Online BBA program.
Summary of Features of the Online BBA:
Students can major or double major in any of the seven business majors: Accounting, Entrepreneurship, Finance, Management, Marketing, MIS, and Supply Chain Management (however, specialty tracks within any of the majors are not available).
Students in the Online BBA can also pursue a business minor in Accounting, Entrepreneurship, Finance, Human Resource Management, Management & Leadership, Marketing, MIS, and Supply Chain Management (other business or non-business minors are not available).
Students are only eligible for online classes and cannot take any classes face-to-face or in a hybrid instruction mode, which may also limit the electives that are available.
Students do not have access to any student services on campus funded by the University fee or Student Services fee and to in-person college services and events (and international students would also not qualify for a student visa, CPT, or OPT).
See more information about the
Online BBA
.
For inquiries about switching from the regular BBA to the Online BBA, please see below:
Current Business Majors: Cali Odom at
ceodom2@central.uh.edu
Prospective/New Freshmen or Transfer Students:
bba@uh.edu
Back To Top