URL: https://www.bauer.uh.edu/undergraduate/supply-chain-management
TITLE: Supply Chain Management - Undergraduate | UH Bauer College

home button
Undergraduate
Supply chain management
Supply Chain Management
Supply Chain Management
Bachelor of Business Administration
Supply Chain Management (SCM) is the strategic coordination of business functions that enable organizations to
plan, create, source, produce, and deliver
products and services efficiently, responsibly, and profitably. It encompasses everything from operations and product planning, procurement and sourcing, production of goods and services, demand fulfillment, customer service, transportation and logistics, sustainability, analytics and technology enablement – making it one of the most
dynamic, exciting, and impactful fields
in business today.
The Supply Chain Management Program aspires to be one of the
Top Supply Chain Management Programs in North America
through innovative education, industry collaboration, and comprehensive excellence. We are committed to developing agile, purpose-driven leaders equipped with the strategic, technological, and analytic capabilities needed to shape the future of global supply chains.
Certified STEM Designated Program
Certified STEM Designated Program
The Bauer SCM Program is designated as a STEM (
Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics
) Advanced Degree, providing you with the transferable problem solving, analysis, and critical thinking skills that employers desire. This designation also provides International Graduates with the opportunity to apply for extended OPT employment.
Latest News
Lessons in Leadership
Students hear from high achieving alumna at Bauer Leadership Night.
Journey to TEDx
Bauer alumna Christi Brent (BBA '12) explains her journey overcoming hurdles and building a career abroad.
Honoring a Student Success Champion
The Bauer community remembers the life of Victor Wayhan, a beloved senior professor of practice.
Industry Synergy
Amongst the ever-evolving academic environment, this fall Bauer students are welcomed by the college’s new dean, Xianjun Geng.
Doctoral Dreams
Bauer College welcomed Fall 2025 Ph.D. candidates to an orientation where they had the chance to meet their cohort and hear from leaders at Bauer.
Above & Beyond
Bauer alumna Erika Espinosa (BBA '17) is the Institute for Supply Management's 30 Under 30 Rising Supply Chain Stars Megawatt recipient.
Read more Supply Chain news
Our
comprehensive curriculum
is designed to develop well-rounded, industry-ready professionals. Students gain expertise across the entire spectrum of supply chain functions and can further specialize through targeted
concentrations
in areas like Analytics, Strategic Sourcing, and Energy Supply Management. Our program continues to be shaped by the Supply Chain Industry Advisory Board and the
Supply Chain Forum
representing more than 20 Supply Chain Executives from leading global employers. This ensures our curriculum stays aligned with real-world needs and emerging trends.
There’s no better place than Houston, one of the
most strategic and dynamic locations
in the world for Supply Chain Management, to start your career. Houston is home to the Headquarters of 26 Fortune 500 companies and over 50 companies with $5B+ in revenue. It is an International Logistics Hub with the Port of Houston (largest in U.S. for international tonnage), three major airports, and extensive rail and trucking logistics networks. And the
Supply Chain Job Market
in Houston, representing a diverse array of business sectors in manufacturing, services, energy, technology, and healthcare, outpaces national growth rates. The combination of our location with our strong employer relationships is why studying in Houston means learning in the heart of the action — and building connections that lead to real opportunities.
We believe the best way to learn is by doing. This is why, our students engage in many experiences that build
critical thinking, collaboration, and communication skills
— making them ready to
deliver industry value
for today’s supply chain roles.
Industry-sponsored projects and case competitions
Classroom industry collaborations
Hands-on simulations, immersive experiences, and technology engagement
Internship and co-op opportunities with top employers
Leadership Educational Enrichment seminars
Student development symposiums
Guest lectures and networking events
It is no wonder that our graduates are highly sought after by employers across industries all over the world. In addition to the career services of the University and the
Bauer College of Business’s Rockwell Career Center
, our
Supply Chain Student Organization (SPO)
provides dedicated resume and interview workshops, industry mentorship programs, leadership development, and exclusive Career Fairs. With placement rates consistently near 100% and typical starting salaries higher than published national averages, our students have a competitive edge.
The University of Houston’s
Supply Chain Management
program in the C. T. Bauer College of Business prepares you to thrive in a fast-paced, global environment by giving you the tools, insights, and experience to make an impact.
The UH Bachelor of Business Administration in Supply Chain Management program is ranked 8th in the Top 25 North American Supply Chain Undergraduate Programs list compiled in 2024 by leading research and consulting firm Gartner.
Learn more
Back To Top