URL: https://dyson.cornell.edu/programs/undergraduate/careers
TITLE: Applied Economics and Management Careers | Cornell Dyson

Academics
Why Dyson
Student Experience
Admissions
Apply
Dyson Career Services: Unrivaled Resources and Guidance
Career services mean more than job search assistance. You’ll find career education and professional development opportunities of all kinds throughout your time at Cornell, from one-on-one coaching to on-campus job fairs and career-focused clubs.
Dyson faculty and alumni have strong connections with companies and organizations from around the globe which strengthens our relationships with recruiters and employers. Our students are continually recruited by top employers in the public, private, and nonprofit sectors.
Explore Dyson Career Management Center resources
What Can I Do With a Degree in Applied Economics and Management?
The breadth of Dyson’s applied economics and management curriculum—coupled with the depth you’ll get from your
concentration area(s)
—will prepare you for AEM careers in consulting, finance, technology, consumer packaged goods, agribusiness, and other industries.
Explore more AEM Careers & opportunities
Finance
From major investment firms to community credit unions, Dyson graduates are interested in finance careers in an array of organizations with positions such as:
Senior analyst
Head of European office
Investor relations director
Junior trader
Senior associate, transaction analysis
Private equity associate
Managing director
Financial planner
Treasury sales officer
Underwriter
VP of equity services
Consulting
Many Dyson graduates who enter the exciting world of consulting hold job titles like “management consultant,” “strategy consultant,” and “senior consultant.” Still, it takes more than on-the-ground, client-facing consultants to run a successful firm. You’ll also find Dyson graduates in a variety of consulting-related positions, such as:
VP of operations
Chief financial officer
Client solutions associate
Digital marketing associate manager
Strategy and operations business analyst
Human capital senior manager
Data and policy analyst
Valuation, modeling, and economics associate
Engagement manager
Director of partnership marketing
Contracts manager
Technology
Tech-savvy AEM graduates can find an array of business, management, marketing, analytics, and client relations positions in technology companies of all kinds, from
FinTech
and EduTech to e-commerce and software. These positions include:
Senior VP of product management
VP of global procurement
Chief revenue officer
Director of user experience
Performance media marketing manager
Associate vendor manager
Senior category manager
Software engineer
Content manager
Agency development manager
Cloud platform technology sales manager
Customer advocacy representative
Technology analyst, surveillance and AI
Consumer Packaged Goods
Encompassing the items we need for everyday life to the ones we splurge on, the expansive, exciting field of consumer packaged goods offers a range of career options in all levels and divisions, including:
Director of inventory strategy
Assistant regional director
Commercial development associate
Revenue management and business analyst
Integrated brand experience lead
Pricing manager
Associate brand manager
Director of planning and performance management
Agribusiness
Fields and finance. Crops and commerce. With our close ties to the
Cornell College of Agriculture and Life Sciences (CALS)
, many Dyson students grow an interest in agribusiness. They can land in positions such as:
Executive director of precision agriculture technology company
Editor of agricultural business trade publication
Director of raw supply for a natural and organic food supplier
Director of sales and marketing for a dairy producer
Senior food security analyst for a DC-based hunger research organization
Farm loan manager for a farm credit organization
Packing house manager for a commercial orchard
Sales manager for a California-based wholesale vineyard
Education and Professional Development
Dyson graduates use their education to further the education of others. They teach or serve in administration roles at all kinds of institutions and academic centers, as well as work in leadership and training roles for a variety of organizations. Example positions include:
Assistant professor of economics at a private, liberal arts school
Assistant dean of academic excellence at a technical university
Executive director of school operations for a major metropolitan public school system
Public relations and social media manager for a school of fashion
Head of sustainable impact for an academic center dedicated to corporate social responsibility
Executive director for a college’s institute for international learning
Manager of business development for a major state university’s athletic properties
History and economics teacher at a private high school
Software migration coordinator for a major research institution
Health and Biotechnology
Healthcare has always been a hot career field for management majors, but the field is growing by leaps and bounds. With the explosion of biotechnology, the expansion of many major healthcare systems, and an increase in consumer health products, Dyson graduates have found health and biotech-related AEM careers such as:
Senior manager of finance for a major pharmaceutical company
Director of business analytics and insights for a major pharmaceutical company
Analytics product manager for a healthcare system
Senior associate director of marketing for a global pharmaceutical company
VP of operations/therapies business lead for a lab group
Senior marketing director for vaccines for a global pharmaceutical company
Associate brand manager for a product line of a major consumer healthcare brand
Assistant director of decisions support and value for a university medical center
Foundations, Nonprofits, and Government
Dyson alumni serve foundations and nonprofits in a variety of capacities including, finance, operations, marketing, and strategy. They also put their skills to work in local, state, national, and international governments in areas such as research, urban planning, and communications.
Managing partner for a healthcare funding organization
Research analyst for an international research and policy institute
VP of corporate strategy for an international trade association
Foreign service officer for an Asia-based ministry of foreign affairs
Chief technology officer for one of the largest cities in the United States
Assistant city manager in the Los Angeles metro area
Senior project manager for a major U.S. city
Associate for strategic initiatives for a mass transit authority
Data analytics and risk management program manager for a national security organization
Hospitality and Real Estate
Hotels, restaurants, travel companies, and real estate companies all provide career opportunities for Dyson graduates. With our ties to the
Cornell Peter and Stephanie Nolan School of Hotel Administration
at the
Cornell SC Johnson College of Business
, our students have the advantage of taking courses across the college or even
minoring in real estate
. A few examples of hospitality and real estate jobs our graduates have accepted:
Directors of:
retail services; real estate investments; reservations; transactions, asset management, and upscale development
Agricultural technology analyst
Hotels and hospitality investment sales
Marketing and customer analytics manager
Partner and managing director
Senior transportation planner
Entrepreneurship and Other Opportunities
Many graduates go into business for themselves as founders of companies offering products and services ranging from virtual reality and recycling to comfy shoes and distilled spirits. Others take on important roles in industry, from streaming entertainment to e-commerce. Here are just a few examples that demonstrate the breadth of AEM careers.
Directors of:
corporate buying for a major grocery chain; integrated marketing, events, and production for a major television network; strategic initiatives for an audiobook publisher
Chief merchandising officer for an international home decor company
Channel marketing manager for a major yogurt brand
E-commerce operations manager for a major lifestyle brand
Global risk manager for an appliance manufacturer
Manager of pricing for a major truck leasing company
Marketing director for shopper marketing for a national bakery
Senior director of business development for a national news organization
VP of human resources for a consumer wellness brand
93%
ACCEPTED OFFERS WITHIN FOUR MONTHS OF GRADUATION
AEM Career Success: Applied Economics and Management Salary & Dyson Placement Data
Earning a degree from Dyson is more than an elite education in applied economics and management—it’s your ticket to a professionally rewarding, personally fulfilling career. Our annual employment report showcases the many types of AEM careers our graduates pursue, including applied economics and management degree salary data.
VIEW DYSON SALARY & CAREERS REPORT
Amazon
Bank of America
BCG
Citi
Deloitte
EY
Goldman Sachs
J.P. Morgan
Morgan Stanley
Find us at:
Office: Warren Hall rooms B60, B61, and B63
Phone:
607-255-7048
Email:
careers@business.cornell.edu
“We find that Dyson offers a strong, collaborative experience for students, one that aligns well with SC Johnson’s company ethos. The experience and knowledge from these diverse-background students drive our undergraduate finance internship program, working on impactful projects, and lead to beginning a successful finance career within our Finance Rotation Program.”
–Travis Whitcomb, Manager, Financial Planning & Analysis, SC Johnson
Kate Naldony ’06
Charles H. Dyson School of Applied Economics and Management
Learn more
Biography for Kate Naldony ’06
“The Dyson program prepared me for the real-world business challenges ahead. In addition to the rich classroom experience, the campus life, programming, and extracurriculars allowed me to build soft skills for tough situations.” – Kate Naldony ’06, CEO at Bandier
Stephanie Evans ’10
Charles H. Dyson School of Applied Economics and Management
Learn more
Biography for Stephanie Evans ’10
“The analytic rigor of the Dyson program allowed me to differentiate myself when I launched my career in fashion retail post-graduation, quickly identifying product trends and opportunities. Today, as an entrepreneur, I find myself utilizing a lot of the things I picked up and learned from the core business courses, from Accounting to Marketing.” – Stephanie Evans ’10, Founder of Pamoja, Sr. Product Manager at Tapestry
View Stephanie Evans ’10
View Marc Silberman ’12
Kristina Anderson ’03
Charles H. Dyson School of Applied Economics and Management
Learn more
Biography for Kristina Anderson ’03
“The opportunity to apply core economics principles differentiates the Dyson experience. Learning and applying finance, business statistics, and economics principles to class projects and case studies was directly translatable to my first job as a management consultant.” – Kristina Anderson ’03, Director of Commerce Partnerships, Google
Marc Silberman ’12
Charles H. Dyson School of Applied Economics and Management
Learn more
Biography for Marc Silberman ’12
“Dyson provided me with a broad and practical foundation for my career, which began in investment banking and has since taken me into the (crazy) world of startups and venture capital. At Dyson, I learned not only the essentials like reading and understanding financial statements but also how to thrive in team-oriented environments. As I've progressed through my career, my connections to Dyson classmates have become even more important as I've sought to build new networks, break into new industries, and explore new ideas.” – Marc Silberman ’12, Partner at Comcast Ventures
Career Connections: Dyson Alumni Love Providing Professional Guidance to Fellow Cornellians
The continued success of our distinguished
Dyson alumni
creates connections and opportunities for current students. Whether they serve on an academic program advisory council, visit classes for a guest speaking engagement, or post openings to the
Dyson jobs
board, many of our alumni have strong ties to campus.
If you graduated in the past five years…
Dyson graduates from the past five years can continue to use all of the tools, resources, and services available to current undergraduate and graduate students, such as:
Dyson and the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences (CALS) alumni job postings
Resume and cover letter assistance
Career workshops, on-campus or online
Networking tips
One-on-one career coaching
If you graduated more than five years ago…
SC Johnson College offers a suite of services for alumni of its three schools: Dyson, the
Nolan School
, and
Johnson
, including:
One-on-one strategic career coaching
Exclusive research tools through the Johnson Management Library
Exclusive access to alumni-affiliated executive search firms
Career action groups
Access to additional career search databases and communities
Cornell Career Services
Office: 103 Barnes Hall
Email:
career@cornell.edu
CORNELL CAREER SERVICES
Join the Dyson Community and Prepare for In-Demand AEM Careers
If you’re ready to take on society’s most pressing issues, to innovate the next big thing, to lead a diverse team of colleagues, or to provide strategic direction to organizations in need—we encourage you to apply to Dyson today.
Apply Now