URL: https://dyson.cornell.edu/programs/undergraduate/careers/what-is-applied-economics
TITLE: What is Applied Economics? Career Outcomes | Cornell Dyson

Careers
Employment Report
How to Apply
What Can You Do With an Applied Economics and Management Degree?
Economics is Everywhere—and It Can Take You Anywhere
Business acumen. Entrepreneurial spirit. Creative thinking. Tech-savvy. You’ll develop all that and more in the challenging, immersive, and engaging academic environment that is Dyson.
Through an interdisciplinary business curriculum—and guided by internationally renowned scholars and practitioners—the versatile, practical
AEM degree
prepares you for professional success in an incredible range of fields.
Our distinguished alumni lead, inspire change, and create solutions to the world’s most pressing social and economic issues. They work in finance, management, food and agriculture, sustainability, international trade, and—well, the list of where an applied economics education can take you is seemingly endless.
What is the Difference Between Economics and Applied Economics?
One of the top questions we see from incoming students and their families is, “What is the difference between economics and applied economics?” Economics, as an academic discipline, is a social science that explores how individuals, organizations, and societies make decisions about limited resources; it’s a broad field that entails investigating everything from income disparity and public health to global trade and supply chain issues. An applied economics education from a business college, like us, is more practical; it puts those theories and ideas into action; you use the theory of economics in order to do the applied business-related work. Our applied economics and management degree provides students with a robust business education that sets them apart from others in the job market.
It’s More Than the Economy:
What is the Importance of Studying Applied Economics
?
Economics is embedded in our everyday life, from making a major household purchase to managing a multinational company. In today’s data-driven world, you’ll go far with strong critical thinking skills and a keen understanding of statistical models. That’s why studying applied economics and management serves as a launching point to careers of all kinds.
Applied Economics Careers: What Can You Do With the AEM Major?
The breadth of the AEM major and immersive nature of the business program—coupled with the opportunity to specialize in a concentration area—will prepare you for a career in a myriad of industries including consulting, finance, technology, consumer packaged goods, agribusiness, health care, and public policy.
The following are just a few positions in which you’ll find Dyson alumni putting their
applied economics and management degree
to use:
Investment Banking Analyst
Sales & Trading Analyst
Global Markets Analyst
Strategy Insights & Planning Associate
Business Operations Analyst
Associate Engagement Manager
Vendor Manager
Acquisitions Analyst
Business Development Associate
Product Manager
Risk Management Analyst
Finance Manager
Kate Naldony ’06
Head of Operations, PVH Americas/Head of Innovation
Charles H. Dyson School of Applied Economics and Management
Learn more
Biography for Kate Naldony ’06
“The Dyson program prepared me for the real-world business challenges ahead. In addition to the rich classroom experience, the campus life, programming, and extracurriculars allowed me to build soft skills for tough situations.” – Kate Naldony ’06, Head of Operations, PVH Americas/Head of Innovation
Stephanie Evans ’10
Founder of Pamoja, Sr. Product Manager at Tapestry
Charles H. Dyson School of Applied Economics and Management
Learn more
Biography for Stephanie Evans ’10
“The analytic rigor of the Dyson program allowed me to differentiate myself when I launched my career in Fashion Retail post-graduation, quickly identifying product trends and opportunities. Today, as an entrepreneur, I find myself utilizing a lot of the things I picked up and learned from the core business courses, from Accounting to Marketing.” – Stephanie Evans ’10, Founder of Pamoja, Sr. Product Manager at Tapestry
View Stephanie Evans ’10
View Marc Silberman ’12
Kristina Anderson ’03
Director of Commerce Partnerships, Google
Charles H. Dyson School of Applied Economics and Management
Learn more
Biography for Kristina Anderson ’03
“The opportunity to apply core economics principles differentiates the Dyson experience. Learning and applying finance, business statistics, and economics principles to class projects and case studies was directly translatable to my first job as a management consultant.” – Kristina Anderson ’03, Director of Commerce Partnerships, Google
Marc Silberman ’12
Partner at Comcast Ventures
Charles H. Dyson School of Applied Economics and Management
Learn more
Biography for Marc Silberman ’12
“From a practical perspective, Dyson prepared me to read and understand financial statements as an Investment Banking Analyst early on in my career. Maybe even more importantly, Dyson prepared me to thrive in a team-oriented environment. As I've progressed throughout my career, the connections to my Dyson classmates have become even more important as I've sought to build new networks, break into new industries, and explore new ideas.” – Marc Silberman ’12, Partner at Comcast Ventures
Explore Your Interests. Find Your Focus. Customize Your Path.
The AEM major at the Dyson School enables you to gain a foundation in applied economics and management with your core classes, and you can deepen your subject matter expertise by
choosing a concentration area
, such as agribusiness management, entrepreneurship, business analytics, marketing, international trade, finance, and more. Plus, you can customize your path of study even more with a minor or second major from CALS.
During your entire Dyson School experience, you’ll develop a range of marketable skills and build relationships that will benefit you not only in your first position after the Dyson School but also as you grow in your business career.
Critical Thinking and Problem Solving
Nothing is ever the status-quo for long. Thanks to client projects, case studies, and other practical learning experiences, you’ll leave the Dyson School equipped with a business education that prepares you to help companies adapt to evolving technology, societal needs, and consumer demands.
Innovation
Business students from the Dyson School don’t follow trends, they introduce them. From design thinking and ideation to entrepreneurship, you’ll find yourself at the intersection of business and creativity throughout your time at Cornell.
Leadership for Societal Impact
Guided by the Dyson School’s “Our Business is a Better World” ethos, the Grand Challenges curriculum develops students into thoughtful leaders who understand how business decisions can directly and dramatically impact society for good.
Communication and Management
Interacting with others—in person and digitally—is more than crafting accurate, effective messages; it’s also about listening and showing empathy. You’ll hone these skills and more as you collaborate with peers and manage client relationships.
$100,000
average median base salary
Class of 2025
Bachelor of Science (BS) in Applied Economics and Management (AEM) Admissions Requirements
Your specific application requirements will vary depending on whether you’re joining the Dyson School directly from high school, from another institution, or from another college within Cornell. However, there are some requirements common to all first-time applicants.
Explore Application Requirements
Application and Admissions Overview: How to Apply to Cornell Dyson
Is applied economics and management a good major for you and your career goals? If you still have questions about the business program or application process, we invite you to take a deeper dive into the admissions requirements at the Charles H. Dyson School for Applied Economics and Management.
LEARN HOW TO APPLY
Make a Difference at the Dyson School: Start Your Application Today
If you’re ready to take on society’s biggest issues, innovate the next big thing, lead a diverse team of colleagues, or provide strategic direction to an organization in need—we invite you to apply to Dyson School today.
Apply Now