URL: https://dyson.cornell.edu/programs/undergraduate/student-experience
TITLE: Student Experience | Cornell Dyson

Why Dyson
Careers
Admissions
Tuition & Financial Aid
Diversity and Inclusion at Dyson: Your Perspective is Welcome Here
Innovation can’t happen without inclusion. Developing respectful, equitable business leaders begins by fostering a culture of belonging at Cornell. Dyson student diversity, in all its forms, creates a rich learning environment.
EXPLORE DIVERSITY & INCLUSION
Experience Campus
Live and learn on a vibrant, gorgeous campus full of history, nature, and things to see and do. Ithaca is a thriving college town, and the greater Finger Lakes Region offers adventures of all kinds during every season.
EXPLORE CAMPUS
Life in Ithaca, NY
The bustling Ag Quad. An eclectic downtown. Stunning scenery. There’s so much to love about our campus, city, and region. First-year students live in our North Campus neighborhood, a supportive residential community with eateries, social spaces, and more.
ON-CAMPUS HOUSING OPTIONS
Participate in Professional Development
Immerse yourself in meaningful
learning experiences
like Leadership Week, an annual spring semester tradition which features forums, presentations, and more, or showcase your problem-solving skills in Map the Challenge, a university-wide competition focused on sustainability.
Connect With Cornellians
Meet and network with successful Dyson graduates during FaceTime Friday Alumni Chats. Hosted by our Career Management team, these interactive, information-packed events feature professionals from across industries. Take notes. Ask questions. Follow their lead.
Hear from High-Profile Experts
Gain insight from influential leaders, inspiring entrepreneurs, best-selling authors, and other industry experts through the Dyson Dean’s Distinguished Speakers Series. Then discuss and dissect these engaging lectures with your classmates and professors.
Consult Your Community
Consult Your Community
As one of Cornell’s many student consulting clubs, Consult Your Community (CYC) sets itself apart by engaging students with small business owners and driving change in Ithaca.
Diversity on the Street
Diversity on the Street
Dedicated to equality in finance, Diversity On the Street (DOTS) offers a range of education, networking, and skill-building events. Taking a cue from Cornell’s founding statement, the DOTS motto is “Finance for any person, any study.”
BlackGen Capital
BlackGen Capital
A 100% minority-owned, student-run investment fund, BlackGen Capital creates a pipeline for underrepresented talent in the finance industry. Founded at Cornell in 2019, this growing organization now has chapters across the country.
Dyson Undergraduate Council
Dyson Undergraduate Council
This student organization collaborates with administration, faculty, and alumni to elevate student voices and enhance the Dyson experience. Aside from its liaison activities, the Council hosts the Better Business Week speaker series each March.
Leadership Development Program
Leadership Development Program
Get empowered to inspire! Leadership development opportunities at Dyson include an interdisciplinary, immersive minor in leadership and a selective undergraduate Leadership Fellows program.
Dyson Diversity Council
Dyson Diversity Council
The Dyson Diversity Council works to strengthen intentional and meaningful connections across the school, the college, the alumni network, and industry through a variety of events and initiatives.
Faculty Fellows for Inclusive Excellence
Connect with faculty members outside the classroom through lunch and learns, dinner conversations, recreational activities, downtown excursions, and other informal gatherings.
Farm Credit Fellows
Grow your agribusiness experience as a Farm Credit Fellow. You’ll get hands-on experience with all aspects of agricultural lending and financial services, from the field to the office
Food Marketing Fellows
Get a taste of the food marketing world through onsite visits to manufacturers, distribution centers, and retail outlets locally and around the world.
Program Benefits and Financial Assistance
Financial Assistance:
All Dyson Scholars receive a cash award for books and supplies each semester.
Dyson Scholars with demonstrated financial need will be provided with additional financial assistance.
Cornell’s Office of Financial Aid
administers the financial awards and will notify students of their award prior to the start of the fall semester.
Other Program Benefits:
The Dyson Scholars Fund covers various individual student needs, such as:
Compensation to scholars serving as teaching assistants (TAs)
Financial support for faculty-guided independent study and research
Travel and registration expenses to attend conferences, workshops, or competitions
The Fund can also be used to host guest speakers or sponsor networking events.
Beyond the Dyson School: Expand Your Involvement
Within the SC Johnson College of Business you’ll find groups dedicated to investing, real estate, analytics, blockchain, family business, marketing, and more. Write for the
Cornell Business Review
or do pro-bono consulting with one of many service-oriented organizations.
New Experiences, New Friends: Connecting Across Campus
The Dyson School’s location within a large university opens many doors for students. With literally thousands of clubs and organizations, you can find your people at Cornell. Whether you want to perform, publish, volunteer, learn, travel, build, game, mentor, advocate, enjoy the outdoors, or get active, there’s a group (or two) for you.
EXPLORE ADDITIONAL CLUBS HERE
Follow Dyson on Instagram
Connect with Dyson on LinkedIn
Join the Dyson School Community
The Charles H. Dyson School of Applied Economics and Management is not only home to rigorous undergraduate academics, but it’s also a vibrant community of students, faculty, staff, alumni, and partners who work together to make the world a better place.
Apply Now