URL: https://dyson.cornell.edu/programs/undergraduate/academics/student-services
TITLE: Undergraduate Student Services and Advising | Cornell Dyson

Degree Requirements
Experiential Learning
Double Major
Advising at Dyson: Preparing You for Academic and Professional Success
Strong academic advising is a key factor in student success. During your time at Cornell, you’ll work closely with faculty mentors and the Dyson Office of Student Services and Advising staff members to build an academic plan and see it through. Your academic advisor will help you with short- and long-term course planning, including when and how to work in experiential learning opportunities like study abroad or summer research programs. They can also connect you to broader campus support services, everything from learning strategies to wellness.
Quick questions = drop-in visit
If you have a quick question or two, a drop-in visit to the Dyson Office of Student Services and Advising team may be best for you. These typically last 5–10 minutes.
Find current drop-in office hours, including virtual availability, at the
Dyson Launchpad
(under “connect with an academic advisor”)
Longer conversations = appointments
If you would like to talk about your academic progress, discuss course planning, or share personal concerns, a scheduled appointment with an academic advisor is the best option.
Find the advisor who works best with your calendar, and schedule an appointment through
Dyson Launchpad
.
What Is Academic Advising?
At Dyson, we believe that academic advising is an intentional and developmental process in which students and advisors work together to help students succeed at Cornell. Ultimately, students are responsible for the decisions they make and how they affect their educational experience.
Academic advisors from the Office of Student Services and Advising can assist with short- and long-term course planning, degree requirements, academic difficulty, and connections to faculty. Academic advisors are also able to support students in locating additional on-campus academic, health, and wellness support services.
Who Is My Academic Advisor?
There are three dedicated professional academic advisors in the Dyson Office of Student Services and Advising who meet with and support Dyson students as they navigate the complexities of their college experience.
It is vital for students to develop meaningful relationships with an academic advisor as well as build an expanded network of people and resources throughout campus. Ultimately, your success is up to you! Utilizing resources and connecting with people will enhance a student’s opportunities for success. Keep in mind, success looks different for each student, and rarely is success accomplished alone.
What Is the Best Way to Work with an Academic Advisor?
Students can make one-on-one in-person appointments with any of the academic advisors throughout the year, including summers. Virtual appointments are accommodated as well. Academic advisors also host virtual drop-in hours at various times throughout the year. Students with questions regarding Academic Advising can email the
Dyson Office of Student Services
and Advising at
Dyson_OSS@cornell.edu
for more information.
Will I Have a Faculty Advisor?
No, Dyson does not assign faculty advisors. However, students are strongly encouraged to connect with Dyson faculty both inside and outside of the classroom through office hours, research, and teaching assistantships. Faculty are the experts in their field of study and can serve as vital resources to help students connect their career and academic interests. They can also be helpful in providing letters of recommendation as well as providing information regarding graduate school.
Is It Possible to Graduate Early?
Matriculating first-year students may be able to successfully graduate in less than eight semesters. If this is of interest, we recommend taking a minimum of 15 credits per semester and meeting with an academic advisor early to discuss your options. Transfer students should plan to meet with an academic advisor to determine if this may be possible given each student’s individual and unique situation.
Is It Possible to Graduate Late?
Delaying graduation is typically only approved if a student is facing extenuating circumstances that prevent them from completing degree requirements within eight semesters (or designated semesters for transfer students). Students are not permitted to extend their graduation dates to pursue optional programming such as double majors, minors, or study abroad experiences.
Is Study Abroad an Option for Transfer Students?
It depends. We would recommend sophomore transfers meet with an academic advisor during their first semester at Cornell to determine if studying abroad is an option for them. Unfortunately, junior transfers are not generally able to fit a semester abroad into their degree plan
.
Is It Possible to Double Major as a Dyson Student?
Yes! Dyson students can apply to double major within the
Cornell College of Agriculture and Life Sciences
.
Dyson Launchpad: All-Things-Advising and Student Support
The
Dyson Launchpad
is your connection to advising and student services resources.
Scheduling system for academic advising and career services appointments
Enrollment forms and policies
Dyson scholarships, fellowships, and other funding opportunities
Global learning experience details
Health and wellness information
Diversity, inclusion, and belonging contacts and resources
Academic Support
Dyson Registrar
Student Disability Services (SDS)
Learning Strategies Center (LSC) Tutoring
LSC Study Partner Pairings
Library Resources
Student and Community Support
Diversity & Inclusion at the SC Johnson College of Business
Mental Health Care
Primary Medical Services
Dyson CampusGroups
Identity Resources
Dyson Organizations
Dyson Undergraduate Council
Cornell Finance Club
Dyson Dean’s Council
Other Cornell business clubs
High School Students
...interested in applying to Dyson
Current Cornell Students
…interested in transferring to Dyson’s undergraduate business program
Current Cornell Students
…interested in a business minor
Visit
Dyson undergraduate admissions
for more details about program requirements.
Refer to our
internal transfers admissions page
and/or attend an info session.
Contact the SC Johnson College
business minors  department.
Join the Dyson Community: Your Future is Our Business
Dyson is home to rigorous undergraduate business academics and a supportive community of students, faculty, staff, alumni, and partners who work together to make the world a better place.
Apply Now