URL: https://dyson.cornell.edu/programs/undergraduate/academics/experiential-learning
TITLE: Experiential Learning Opportunities | Cornell Dyson

Degree Requirements
Concentrations
Double Major
Advising
Apply Now
What is Experiential Learning in Applied Economics and Management?
Experiential learning, simply put, involves putting knowledge into action. At the Dyson School, experiential learning could mean providing financial analysis to an early-stage health care incubator in Kenya, performing an organizational audit of a sustainable beekeeping start-up, or designing and commercializing a 3D printed “smart” mask to help prevent the spread of COVID-19.
Dyson Grand Challenges
Use your business acumen for good by connecting your coursework to complex, real-world challenges.
Aligned with the
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
, Dyson Grand Challenges allow you to work with your peers, professors, and industry partners to tackle environmental, societal, and economic issues in our region and beyond. The Grand Challenges start your second year with a writing course, continue in year three with a pre-project immersion course, and culminate with a team-based capstone in your final year.
See Grand Challenges Requirements
Exchange Programs: Semester Abroad
The traditional study abroad experience most people think of is living and learning alongside peers from around the world for a semester at a college or university in another country. As a Dyson School student, you can explore these opportunities through two main resources:
CALS/Dyson Exchange
: Add an international dimension to your
AEM degree
. Developed by Cornell faculty and designed to align with CALS and Dyson School academic offerings, these exchange programs cover a range of relevant disciplines and topics. Offerings vary from year to year, but recent destinations include Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Uppsala University (Sweden), the College of Bio-Resources and Agriculture at National University of Taiwan, and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
Cornell’s Office of Global Learning
: With more than 200 international opportunities—and locations from Austria to Zambia—you’re likely to find a study abroad experience that fits your interests, timeline, and budget through the Office of Global Learning. You can enroll directly at a host university, go through a trusted partner organization, or participate in a Cornell-managed program. Explore other experience options, including ones closer to home, at
Experience Cornell
.
Short-Term Faculty-Led Trips
Faculty-led programs take field trips to the next level. The selection is always changing, but each semester you are likely to find an academic course built around an international travel element. For example, a recent traditional semester-long class included a trip to India.
Other short-term faculty trips are designed around University breaks, such as AEM 3290
–
International Agribusiness Trip, which takes students on a spring break study tour to rotating destinations including Spain, Israel, and New Zealand.
Summer Experiences, Service Learning, and Other Special Programs
International experiences don’t always involve spending months abroad. Dyson School immersion programs also include shorter-term service-learning, volunteering, internship, and research opportunities, including:
Food Marketing Fellows Program
SMART (Student Multidisciplinary Applied Research Teams) Program
Community Impact Programs through Experience Cornell
International in Ithaca: Courses, Concentrations, Clubs, and More
In addition to abundant opportunities for short-term, summer, and semester-long travel, you’ll find yourself exploring the world right here in Ithaca. With faculty expertise in international economies and emerging markets, the Dyson School’s course catalog covers a lot of ground (literally). Our global curriculum also includes an international trade and development concentration and an intercultural and international management certificate program. Outside the classroom, you’ll find dozens of clubs, organizations, and campus events with an international flair.
Independent AEM Research
Pursue a for-credit independent research project by registering for one of Dyson’s customizable courses: Individual Study (AEM 4970) or Undergraduate Research (AEM 4990). Both of these require faculty approval and a special registration form submitted to the Dyson registrar.
Honors Research Program in the Social Sciences
Embark on an independent research project with a faculty mentor, plus earn a “distinction in research” designation on your degree.
The
College of Agriculture and Life Sciences (CALS)
offers honors thesis programs in several disciplines; AEM majors are eligible to apply to the social sciences program. You can choose to submit your final written document in a traditional master’s-style thesis or as a scholarly journal article.
Dyson Honors Thesis Application Overview:
You can find full application details, current deadlines, and thesis requirements on the CALS Honors Program website; here are a few key points and milestones to consider:
Junior year or earlier: Identify a potential thesis advisor.
Junior year, second semester: Start your application and proposal.
Junior or senior year: Submit your application and proposal to the committee at least two semesters before your anticipated graduation date.
For more information, including how to format and submit a proposal,
visit the CALS Honors Program Page
.
Matriculated Dyson students interested in the program should contact
Terence Alexander
.
Paid and Volunteer Research Assistant Positions
Gain hands-on experience in various techniques and stages of the research process by working or volunteering as an assistant. You can find opportunities like these at Dyson, within the SC Johnson College of Business, and around Cornell. Open research support and assistant positions are often listed on the
Student Employment website
.
Summer Research Opportunities at Cornell
Each summer, you’ll find dozens of funded faculty-guided research opportunities across Cornell University. While many of these programs are rooted in the hard sciences, several might also align well with the diverse and dynamic interests of Dyson students.
EXPLORE OPPORTUNITIES
Dyson Scholars Program and Other Research Funding Opportunities
The Dyson Scholars Program recognizes academically distinguished AEM majors of all class levels. A new group of scholars is named each year, representing about the top 10 percent of each class. Financial support for research and conference travel are among the many benefits extended to Dyson Scholars.
Other funding opportunities for undergraduate research at Cornell include:
Cornell CALS Student Research Grants
Rawlings Cornell Presidential Research Scholars program
Experience Cornell’s fellowships and funding directory
Additional Research Opportunities and Resources
Learn more about research at Dyson and Cornell, discover opportunities to get involved, and read about student and faculty research across the university:
Research with Impact stories from SC Johnson College of Business
Office of Undergraduate Research at Cornell University
Cornell Undergraduate Research on Facebook
Cornell Undergraduate Research Journal
Dyson Leadership Program
Every student has the capacity to lead. Our program helps you unlock it. We invite the most ambitious Dyson School students to join this experiential opportunity designed to help future business leaders increase their capacity to make a difference.
The Dyson School invests in training a new kind of “systems leader”—someone who catalyzes social change by empowering others and prioritizing a deep understanding of the unjust systems they are trying to influence.
What Do You Learn as a Dyson Leadership Fellow?
Dyson Leadership Fellows turn concepts into competencies. You will learn leadership by doing, through professional coaching and apprenticeship, and by reflecting on your mistakes. You will practice communication and leadership skills through immersive exercises in managing conflict, inspiring others, building credibility, and advocating for your ideas. And you will have fun building a cohort of lifelong friends.
Throughout your four years at the Dyson School, you will have the opportunity to advance through the four stages of leadership, from fellow to vice president to president and CEO, each with a corresponding digital badge—culminating with a trip to the University of Oxford for the global “Map the System” challenge.
Start your leadership journey here to connect with other Leadership Fellows and grow critical skills together.
How to Apply
Applications are accepted during the fall semester of your first year on campus. Questions may be directed to Trent Preszler, Professor of Practice and Director of the Dyson Leadership Program (
tlp24@cornell.edu
).
Cornell Community-Engaged Learning (CEL) Courses
Create, connect, and collaborate with communities in Ithaca—and around the world—by enrolling in one of Cornell’s Community-Engaged Learning (CEL) courses. These rigorous, often cross-disciplinary courses address a range of issues and concerns through both classroom and immersive learning. Dyson-specific courses offered include Cooperative Business Management, Social Entrepreneurship Practicum: Anabel’s Grocery, and Business Design, among others.
Find Your Focus with a Concentration (or Two)
Develop specialized business knowledge with a Dyson concentration such as accounting, agribusiness, entrepreneurship, business analytics, or finance. You can choose one (but not more than two) concentration areas. Combine concentrations and even complement them with a minor to maximize your Dyson experience—and expand your opportunities after graduation.
FIND YOUR CONCENTRATION
Discover Major Opportunities with a Minor
Broaden your knowledge, build more skills, and boost your resume by choosing a minor. Dyson students can select a minor from one of the 120+ options across the university. What’s more, your chosen minor likely offers its own share of exciting hands-on experiences.
DISCOVER MINORS
Explore New Areas with Core and Elective Courses
Dyson’s AEM program allows you to explore a range of topics—from energy to international trade—in your core coursework. You’ll also have some freedom with your specific course selections as you fulfill your general education requirements from
CALS
. Finally, you can choose your free electives from thousands of options across Cornell University.
EXPLORE DYSON COURSES
Interested in Dyson Immersion Opportunities?
Hands-on
AEM research
. Professional development through the Dyson Leadership Program. Internships and service learning. If these and other experiential learning opportunities appeal to you, we invite you to learn more about applying to Dyson.
Get application details
Ready for an Immersive Academic Experience? Apply to Dyson!
Does the
Dyson experience
sound like the right fit for your academic and professional goals? Get started on your application today!
Apply Now