URL: https://dyson.cornell.edu/programs/undergraduate/academics
TITLE: Undergraduate Academics & Program Highlights | Cornell Dyson

Degree Requirements
Double Major
Advising
Experiential Learning
Minors
Apply
Find a Wealth of Opportunities in Financial Services
Build strong market knowledge, hone your mathematical skills, and develop your analytical ability in a range of applied economics classes. And you can put that learning into action with finance-related campus organizations. Our alumni take this expertise into financial services careers in accounting, wealth management, consulting, banking, and more.
Optimize Organizations Around the World through Consulting
Learning about leadership, strategy, research, and organizational analysis prepares you for exciting consulting-related careers in a range of industries. Plus, you’ll find plenty of student organizations and experiential learning opportunities geared toward consulting. AEM program alumni work for prestigious firms like Deloitte and EY.
Innovate Your Way to the Top in Technology
In our 24/7, digital-first world, it pays to have practical skills. Your Dyson School degree will introduce you to emerging and evolving specialties such as data analytics and enterprise resource management. Whether you want to work in the tech sector or not, an innovative business education means you’ll leave with sought-after knowledge and know-how.
Pursue a Passion for Packaged Goods
Today’s consumers have more choices than ever, and the Dyson School’s applied economics and management courses will help you understand their behavior. You can take your knowledge of supply chain, branding, sales, marketing, product management, and more to positions with big brands, major retailers, and start-ups.
Grow a Future in Agribusiness
The Dyson School is proud of its agricultural roots and continues that legacy with our connection to
Cornell’s College of Agriculture and Life Sciences (CALS)
. The CALS connection provides a breadth of applied opportunities through extension programs that serve Upstate New York communities. The Dyson School AEM program offers students a unique opportunity to learn about agribusiness, food and agriculture economics, environmental resource economics, and international trade and development. The Dyson School is the business school with mud on our boots.
Applied Economics and Management Degree Requirements
The rigorous AEM program centers on a core of applied economics and management courses, and it’s also flexible enough to customize your academic plan based on your career goals. You’ll choose one or two
Dyson School concentrations
and further explore your interests with electives from across the university. A Dyson School student can take elective courses from astronomy to zookeeping.
Explore Dyson Degree Requirements
Real Estate Minor
Open to all Cornell undergraduate students, the real estate minor focuses on key aspects of commercial real estate including investment, finance, consulting, and transaction support. Led by expert faculty, the courses and experiential learning opportunities in Cornell’s real estate minor also help Dyson School students build connections in this rapidly evolving industry.
View Real Estate Minor Details
Cornell Minors: Options Across the University
From computer science and creative writing to Spanish and smart cities, you’ll find more than a hundred minors across Cornell’s 12 undergraduate colleges and schools.
So, what else are you passionate about? Where do you envision your business career taking you? We see
AEM majors
make all sorts of connections and combinations as they customize their Dyson School experience with a minor.
Explore All Cornell Minors
Business Minors for Non-Dyson School Students
Majoring outside of the Dyson School? Enhance your academic experience—and build even more specialized skills—by choosing a business minor. The SC Johnson College offers a range of minors including food and agricultural business, real estate, sustainable business and economic policy, and international trade and development.
Explore Business Minors
The AEM Program as Your Second Major
The benefits of being business savvy extend beyond traditional corporate careers. The Dyson School undergraduate AEM program is also available as a second major for students majoring in another area within the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences (CALS). These CALS majors may include everything from
Agricultural Sciences
, to
Communication
, and
Viticulture and Enology
. If you’re interested in adding the
applied economics and management major
, we encourage you to talk with your academic advisor.
Learn How to Double Major
Experiential Learning Opportunities: Your Dyson Education in Action
At the Dyson School, you’ll put into action what you learn in your applied economics classes through internships, research, study abroad, capstone projects, and other hands-on experiences. Plus, many of these real-world learning opportunities have built-in opportunities to make a difference in communities near and far.
Discover Real-World Learning Experiences
Academic Advising and Professional Development at Dyson—and After
Dyson School students are ambitious self-starters—but there’s also plenty of guidance and mentorship available when you need it. Faculty mentors and academic advisors can help you with short- and long-term course planning, including choosing a concentration or minor. With our Career Advising office’s strong connection to the Big Red Network, you’ll have access to many of the Dyson School’s professional development resources after graduation, too.
Learn About Student Services
Apply to Dyson’s AEM Program
Ready for the rigor? Hungry for hands-on learning? Get started on your application to the Dyson School’s applied economics and management degree program today.
Apply Now