URL: https://dyson.cornell.edu/programs/undergraduate
TITLE: Applied Economics and Management Degree Program | Cornell Dyson

What is Applied Economics?
Undergraduate Academics
Student Experience
Careers
Why Dyson
How to Apply
Apply to Dyson
What is Applied Economics and Management?
Applied economics and management is all about using data, reasoning, and elements of economic theory to make informed business decisions—and crucial decisions, big and small, are made at every level of an organization. That’s why the practical, interdisciplinary AEM major builds a solid foundation for countless career paths.
LEARN MORE ABOUT WHAT AEM IS
Hands-On Learning
Get plenty of
practical experience
on and off campus through internships, study abroad, research, community engagement, and leadership development. Many student organizations even allow you to put your learning into action, such as managing an investment fund or consulting with small businesses.
Better-World Approach
Prepare to use your skills and talents to address today’s most pressing issues. The Dyson School embodies the “our business is a better world” ethos found in nearly everything we do. Our faculty find solutions to societal needs through original research, and students participate in
service-based courses
and projects.
Cornell Connections
Be part of a small school environment with the resources and support of a large university. Take courses or even
double major
in programs within the
Cornell College of Agriculture and Life Sciences (CALS)
. Plus, you’ll benefit from the insight and connections of the
Big Red alumni network
.
Dyson School Academics: AEM Degree Overview
The Dyson School’s highly ranked applied economics and management bachelor’s degree program combines a
strong core curriculum
with
career-focused concentration areas
—and the flexibility to add a minor or second major that aligns with your professional goals.
EXPLORE UNDERGRADUATE ACADEMICS
Campus and Community: Student Life at Dyson
Being part of a vibrant campus community and living in a thriving college town is a big part of life at the Dyson School. Student organizations, Cornell traditions,
Big Red athletics
, and countless events and activities will enrich your educational experience. Plus, with access to a range of academic, professional, wellness, and other resources, you’ll feel supported every step of the way.
DISCOVER THE DYSON EXPERIENCE
After Dyson: What Can You Do with an Applied Economics Degree?
With deep
industry expertise
in finance, consulting, technology, consumer packaged goods, and agribusiness, many Dyson School students land top positions in these fields—but you’ll quickly learn that an applied economics and management bachelor’s degree can take you anywhere, from a private equity manager to a director of sales and marketing for a dairy producer. Our top-notch career services and academic advising will help you align your academic journey with your desired career path.
GET AEM CAREER INFO
Dyson School Admissions
During the college search, finding the perfect fit is everything. We encourage you to explore both our
application requirements
and
degree requirements
to ensure the Dyson School is right for you. Our website is full of excellent academic, career, and campus life information; you may also explore a
campus video tour,
or attend an
online or in-person admissions event.
Financing Your Future: Dyson Tuition and Financial Aid
A Dyson School degree is a solid investment in yourself and your future. Driven by Cornell’s founding vision of “any person, any study,” we’re committed to helping promising students achieve their dreams, regardless of their means.  The University’s Office of Financial Aid will help you determine how to make your tuition and living expenses as manageable as possible.
SEE FINANCIAL AID OPTIONS
Ready for the Dyson Experience?
Already know Dyson is the right fit? Start your application to the
applied economics and management degree
program today.
Apply Now