URL: https://dyson.cornell.edu/programs/undergraduate/how-to-apply
TITLE: How to Apply | Undergraduate AEM | Cornell Dyson

Admissions
Application Requirements
Careers
How to Apply to Cornell Dyson: Joining Our Students
Our students are passionate problem-solvers who use their curiosity, creativity, and business acumen to address society’s most pressing issues.
They’re thinkers, leaders, and collaborators who arrive at Charles H. Dyson School of Applied Economics and Management with a solid foundation in math and science, strong analytical skills, and rich extracurricular experiences. If this sounds like you—and you’re ready to use business for the greater good—we invite you to apply to Dyson.
Dyson Application Essentials: Getting to Know You
Applying to Cornell is a big step, and we want you to be as prepared as possible. The admissions process is more than uploading transcripts and letters of recommendation. Your application—and especially your admission essay—is an incredible opportunity to showcase who you are, how you’ll fit in and contribute to Dyson, what our “business for a better world” ethos means to you, and where you want your applied economics education to take you. We can’t wait to hear your story.
Application and Supplemental Materials: What to Include
Apply online using the
Common App
. Choose Cornell SC Johnson College of Business—Dyson School. You’ll also submit:
Resume:
Highlight your academic, extracurricular, community, and professional experiences.
Supplemental Essay:
Discuss the topics and issues that matter to you. Explain how your personal and school experiences align with your future goals and with Dyson’s vision of making the world a better place.
SAT/ACT scores
: Cornell’s SAT code is 2098, and our ACT code is 2726. For additional questions, see the
Standardized Testing Policy
Your High School Record: What We Expect to See
To prepare for the rigor of Cornell, your record should demonstrate outstanding academic achievement through a minimum of 16 units, including the following areas:
English: 4
Mathematics: 4, including calculus
Science: 3
Additional units of advanced math and science are recommended
Your application will be further strengthened by evidence of initiative, leadership, and entrepreneurship. This can be illustrated through your additional courses, extracurriculars, honors/awards, and work/volunteer experience.
Application Tips: Making the Most of Your Admissions Experience
Give yourself plenty of time to complete, review, and double-check your application. Here are some tips:
Review the requirements and instructions carefully; the
Common App website
offers excellent tutorials and guides to help.
Notify your school counselors/teachers of your intent to apply to Cornell; request any required letters of recommendation with plenty of lead time.
Get familiar with our programs; in your essay, it’s vital to connect your goals and interests to Dyson!
Consider your summer and school-year activities—are they in alignment with your business goals?
Completed Common App (CA)
School Report (a counselor or school official will help you complete this)
School counselor recommendation
Two teacher evaluations
Mid-year report, once grades are available
Official high school transcript
$80 application fee or fee waiver
Cornell Questions & Writing Supplement (CA)
First-Year Student Applicants
We consider all aspects of your application, from academic achievement to community engagement. Tell us how your background and goals align with Dyson’s mission of business for a better world. Let us know what industries interest you the most; finance, technology, consulting, and consumer packaged goods are among our areas of expertise. Dyson also has a storied history with agribusiness and a connection to the Cornell College of Agriculture and Life Sciences and our Land Grant Mission.
EXPLORE MORE FIRST-YEAR APPLICATION DETAILS AND FAQ
External Transfer Student Applicants
Whether Dyson wasn’t on your radar at first, or you needed a little more time to feel prepared for Dyson’s rigorous curriculum, the Dyson community welcomes external transfer students. Dyson’s external transfer students bring their experience from other institutions into the Dyson community. This variety of backgrounds elevates the experience of all students on campus. You are eligible to transfer to Dyson from a non-Cornell institution if you’ve completed 12 or more credits—or you’re currently enrolled as a full-time student in good standing—at another accredited college or university. Transfer students must fulfill most of the same admissions requirements as first-years and should have at least a 3.5 GPA.
GET MORE DETAILS ON TRANSFERRING TO DYSON
Internal Transfer Student Applicants
If you are a Cornell first- or second-year degree-seeking student currently enrolled outside the Cornell SC Johnson College of Business, you can apply in the spring to internally transfer to Dyson for the following fall semester. You must be in good standing with a strong academic record, have completed or be enrolled in the prerequisite courses, and be able to thoughtfully articulate your reasons for transferring to the applied economics and management major.
Read more about internal transfer admissions requirements.
READ MORE ABOUT INTERNAL TRANSFER ADMISSIONS REQUIREMENTS
International Student Applicants
Domestic and international students follow the same application process. The international student financial aid deadline is the same as the application deadline. You may be asked to demonstrate English language proficiency, such as providing acceptable TOEFL (or other standardized tests) scores
SEE ALL DYSON ADMISSIONS REQUIREMENTS FOR INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS
Military Veteran Student Applicants
Cornell proudly participates in the
Yellow Ribbon Program
, which provides financial assistance to former and current service members and their families. If you haven’t yet attended college or have earned fewer than 12 credits at another school, you may apply as a first-year student. Otherwise, you can apply as a transfer student. (Cornell also has an active undergraduate veterans association.)
GET MORE DETAILS ABOUT VETERAN EDUCATION BENEFITS AT DYSON
Are admissions interviews required at Dyson?
Interviews are not required or offered as part of Dyson’s undergraduate admissions requirements.
We DO encourage you to visit campus to get a feel for Cornell and Ithaca. You may also
experience campus from home
.
Does Dyson’s selection process differ from the rest of Cornell’s?
We’re selective, but our criteria go beyond grades. Our holistic approach means we consider every aspect of your application: how you’re challenging yourself academically, how you’re making a difference in your school and community, and how your passions and experiences align with Dyson’s programs.
What is the primary/alternate option? Does choosing both increase my chances of being admitted?
When applying to the SC Johnson College of Business, you must choose to apply directly to either the Cornell Peter and Stephanie Nolan School of Hotel Administration or Dyson. We find that most students already have a specific path they feel is right for them based on the academic and extracurricular opportunities available within one school.
Select an alternate option ONLY if you can clearly articulate how your personal and professional goals fit both schools.
Choosing a primary and alternate school, however, will not increase your chances of admission. During the early decision application review, you will only be considered for admission for your primary choice.
What jobs do applied economics and management students get after graduation?
As part of the
SC Johnson College of Business at Cornell
and with close ties to the
Cornell College of Agriculture and Life Sciences
, Dyson offers an incredible interdisciplinary education. Our
applied economics and management
graduates succeed in a variety of industries, sectors, and specialties. They work for start-ups, family businesses, Fortune 500 companies, social enterprises, and multinational organizations.
EXPLORE APPLIED ECONOMICS CAREERS
Connect With the Dyson Admissions Team
During the application process, it’s natural to have a question or two. If you or a family member need help, the dedicated
Dyson admissions
team is just a phone call or email away.
Contact Admissions
Apply Now
Innovators and academic high achievers thrive at Dyson
START YOUR APPLICATION