URL: https://dyson.cornell.edu/programs/undergraduate/admissions
TITLE: Undergraduate Application Requirements | Cornell Dyson

How to Apply
Admissions
Careers
First-Year Applicants
The Dyson admissions process is more than just ensuring transcripts and letters of recommendation are uploaded on your behalf. Your application—and especially your essay—is an incredible opportunity to showcase who you are, how your passions align with our better-world ethos, and where you want your applied economics education to take you. We can’t wait to learn more about you and your goals.
Apply by: November 1 for Early Decision or January 2 for Regular Decision.
Go to First-Year Requirements
International Applicants
International students bring valuable perspective and experience to our community. If you have a record of academic excellence and see yourself thriving in a challenging, hands-on, and innovative business environment, we welcome your application. Please check Cornell University’s policy regarding
English Language Proficiency (ELP) Requirements
to find out if you’re required to submit ELP test results.
Apply by: First-year or transfer application deadline as applicable
Go to International Requirements
Military Veteran Applicants
Cornell is a strong supporter of our military students and proud partners with VetLink and the Warrior Scholar Project, and participants in the Yellow Ribbon Program. We look forward to reviewing your application and learning more about the contributions you could make to our program.
Apply by:
First-year or transfer application deadline as applicable
Go to Military Veteran Requirements
External Transfer Applicants
Dyson welcomes collaborative, business-minded students who’ve started their academic journey elsewhere to apply for admission. If you’ve completed 12 or more credits—or you’re currently enrolled as a full-time student in good standing—at another accredited college or university, you’re eligible to apply as a Dyson Cornell transfer student.
Apply by: March 15
Go to External Transfer Requirements
First-Year Applicant Admission Requirements
Our holistic approach to admissions means we consider every aspect of your application—and every dimension of you. Along with your high school academic record, we’ll look at your extracurricular, community, and work experience. Your supplemental essay will give us deeper insight into what issues are important to you and what kind of business student you’ll be.
Ready to apply? Head to the
Common App
and select “Cornell SC Johnson College of Business–Dyson School” to get started.
High School Course Requirements for Dyson
What courses should I have taken in high school?
Secondary-School Subjects/Requirements:
English: 4 units
Mathematics: 4 units (including calculus if offered at secondary school)
Science: 3 units (including biology and chemistry)
Secondary-School Subjects/Recommendations:
An additional unit of science
Advanced mathematics in grade 12 is preferred to AP statistics
Special Requirements:
A resume submitted with your admissions application
Recommended additional preparation:
Rigorous high school curriculum and an outstanding record of academic achievement
Strong and demonstrated match with the school’s mission and opportunities
Initiative, curiosity, teamwork, ingenuity
Applicants are encouraged to explore our
virtual visit options
Interviews are not offered
Standardized Test Requirements for Dyson
Does Dyson require SAT scores, ACT scores, or other standardized tests?
Applicants to all Cornell undergraduate colleges and schools are
required to submit standardized test scores
.
Please refer to the
Cornell University Undergraduate Admissions Standardized Testing Policies
page for more information.
Cornell Dyson AP Credit Information
Will I receive credit for my AP courses?
Dyson will only accept a maximum of 15 advanced standing test credits. Review the
Cornell University Registrar’s Advanced Placement and Advanced Standing information
for a more comprehensive guide.
Note:
Dyson does not accept advanced testing credit for calculus, statistics, microeconomics, or macroeconomics. Students applying to transfer to Dyson must take these courses in college* before enrolling in Dyson.
*College coursework taken in high school before receiving your high school diploma will not be considered as a requirement taken in college. If the course was taken in high school and counted toward high school degree requirements, it will not transfer to the Dyson School.
Making Your Dyson AEM Application Stand Out
How can I make my application stand out?
Admission is highly selective, but academics aren’t the only contributing factor to the
Cornell Dyson acceptance rate
. We also consider your extracurriculars, community engagement, professional goals, and leadership potential. Additionally, your supplemental admissions essay gives you a chance to share your story in more detail. We suggest you get familiar with Dyson and Cornell, including our mission and student opportunities, as you prepare to write your essay; it’s important to connect your goals and interests to Dyson!
Admissions Interviews
Will I be required to have an admissions interview?
Interviews are not offered as part of the Dyson School’s undergraduate admissions process.
Application Fee Waiver
Does Dyson offer application fee waivers?
Cornell University is committed to equity and access for all students. If the $80 application fee causes financial hardship for your family, you may be eligible for a fee waiver. Please follow the
Common App instructions
to apply for a fee waiver.
For more information explore the
Cornell University Financial Aid website
.
Admissions Decisions
How and when will I receive my decision?
All decisions are released via an online notification system so it is important to keep your email address current. Visit the
Application Timelines
page for more information on deadlines and decisions.
Non-Test-Based College Credits
What kind of previously earned college credits (non-test-based) will Cornell accept?
Academic credit from other accredited schools may be considered for transfer toward the Dyson B.S. requirements. Limitations and restrictions will be based on a case-by-case evaluation.
Cornell University does not accept college-level credit for courses physically taught in high schools or for courses where enrollment is limited to high school students, even if the sponsoring college provides a transcript of such work.
An official college transcript noting a letter grade of at least a “C” (excluding “C-“) is required for a course to be eligible for transfer credit.
International Applicant Admission Requirements
We value the perspective and experience students from around the world bring to Dyson and the greater Cornell community. As an international applicant, you’ll follow the same admissions process as other first-year and transfer students. For all first-year students, this includes demonstrating sufficient academic preparation and the potential to thrive in a collaborative, innovative environment. Specific to international students, there’s an additional requirement to demonstrate English language proficiency. We provide support to international applicants throughout the admissions process—and that support continues after you’re admitted and enrolled.
International Credential Evaluation
How are international credentials evaluated at Dyson?
For information on how international credential credits may transfer to Cornell, please review the
guidelines outlined on the university Courses of Study website
.
English Language Proficiency
Is there an English Language proficiency requirement?
International freshman and transfer applicants for whom English is not the first language must submit an
English Language Proficiency Exam score
.
The examinations that meet this requirement include:
TOEFL iBT, minimum score of 100
IELTS, minimum score of 7.5
DuoLingo, minimum score of 120
iTEP, minimum score of 5.5
PTE Academic, minimum score of 70
C1 Advanced or C2 Proficiency, minimum score of 191
You may be eligible for a waiver if you meet certain criteria
. For more detailed information on application instructions for international students, please visit
the International Students page on the Cornell Undergraduate Admissions Office website
.
Application Language Requirements
Do all of my application materials need to be in English if I went to school in a different country?
Yes. If your transcript or any other materials are not in English, please submit an original copy
and
an official, certified English translation.
For more information refer to the
Cornell University Office of Admissions
.
Financial Aid for International Students
Can international students apply for financial aid at Dyson?
International students interested in details about
financial aid for international applicants
should refer to the Cornell University Financial Aid website.
Military Veteran Applicant Admission Requirements
Veteran education benefits are available to eligible full- and part-time Cornell Dyson students who are veterans, on active duty, or reserve personnel (and, in some cases, their eligible dependents). If you haven’t yet attended college or have earned fewer than 12 credits at another school, you may apply as a first-year student. Otherwise, you can apply as a transfer student.
Connect with our Student Veterans Community
Military Experience and the Admissions Process
How is my military training and experience considered during the admission process?
Military training and experience are among the many factors that we consider in our holistic admission review process. Applicants with appropriate academic preparation (either in high school or college) and the ability to articulate their intellectual interests as part of their admissions essay are often the most successful candidates.
Credit for Military Training
Does Cornell offer credits for military training?
While all potential transfer credits are independently evaluated, we are not typically able to award credits for military training experiences.
External Transfer Applicant Admission Requirements
Students who have completed 12 or more credits at another institution or have recently earned a two-year degree, might be considering the applied economics and management program at Dyson.
Note:
You may only apply as a transfer student as a first-year, sophomore, or rising junior at your current school; if you’re currently a junior or senior, you are not eligible to apply.
Transfer vs. First-Year Applicant
What’s the difference between a transfer and a first-year applicant?
You can apply as a transfer student if you’ve graduated from high school and have earned 12 or more credits from another accredited institution or if you are enrolled as a full-time student at another college or university.
If you are coming directly from high school (or after a gap year), you’d be considered a first-year student.
Note:
You may only apply as a transfer student as a first-year, sophomore, or rising junior at your current school; if you’re currently a junior or senior, you are not eligible to apply.
Required Academic Standing and GPA
Is there a minimum GPA or enrollment status needed to apply as a transfer student?
If you’re interested in transferring to Dyson from another institution, you should have a minimum GPA of 3.5 and be in good academic standing during each of your previous semesters. If you are currently enrolled, you should be in good academic standing.
Required College Courses
What college-level courses do I need to apply to Dyson?
You should have taken—and have earned a B or better in—calculus, microeconomics, statistics, and one college writing or English composition course while enrolled in a college or university.
While not required, taking macroeconomics, biology, and chemistry and/or physics can strengthen your application and prepare you for Dyson’s rigorous curriculum.
Note:
Dyson does not accept advanced testing credit for
calculus, statistics, microeconomics, or macroeconomics
. Students applying to transfer to Dyson must take these courses or a more advanced equivalent in college* before enrolling in Dyson.
*College coursework taken in high school before receiving your high school diploma will not be considered a requirement taken in college. If the course was taken in high school and counted toward high school degree requirements, it will not transfer to the Dyson School.
Transferring Credits to Dyson
How many credits can I transfer to Dyson?
Up to 60 credits from another accredited college or university may be transferred to Dyson. If you’re admitted, we’ll conduct an official credit transfer evaluation to determine which courses will transfer in.
Does the Dyson School accept AP and IB credits toward degree requirements?
Dyson will only accept a maximum of 15 advanced standing test (AP, IB, GCE, A-level) credits. Review the
Cornell University Registrar’s Advanced Placement and Advanced Standing
information for a comprehensive guide.
Note:
Dyson does not accept advanced testing credit for
calculus, statistics, microeconomics, or macroeconomics
. Students applying to transfer to Dyson must take these courses or a more advanced equivalent in college* before enrolling in Dyson.
*College coursework taken in high school before receiving your high school diploma will not be considered a requirement taken in college. If the course was taken in high school and counted toward high school degree requirements, it will not transfer to the Dyson School.
Standing Out as a Transfer Applicant
What is considered in an application to externally transfer to the Dyson?
Generally speaking, the Cornell SC Johnson College of Business has no preferences regarding the institution from which a student transfers. One point of note: About a quarter of our transfer students each year come from community colleges.
As applications are reviewed, the most important factors considered include:
Ability to articulate your interests in the Dyson and why you feel you must depart your current institution to pursue these interests via the application essay (part of the Writing supplement)
Academic credentials from applicant’s current institution
Recommendations from applicant’s college/university professor(s)
Also reviewed:
Involvement in extracurricular activities
Academic credentials from high school
In the final analysis, college coursework and application essay(s) are the most important factor in the transfer admission decision. Admitted students generally have achieved at least a 3.5 university/college GPA. Please keep in mind that transfer admission is selective and highly competitive.
Admissions Decisions
How and when will I receive my decision?
Transfer decisions for the fall semester are released on a rolling basis.
All decisions are released via an online notification system so it is important to keep your email address current. Visit the
Application Timelines
page for more information on deadlines and decisions.
Connect With Admissions
Our admissions team is here for you throughout the entire application process. If you or a family member has a question, please don’t hesitate to reach out.
Office of Admissions
248 Sage Hall, Ithaca, NY 14853
Phone: +1.607.254.4228
Email Admissions
Start Your AEM Application
Outstanding academic achievement in high school?
Check.
A desire to make the world a better place?
Check.
Ready to apply to the Charles H. Dyson School of Applied Economics and Management?
Check!
Apply Now