URL: https://www.udayton.edu/apply/undergraduate/admission-process.php
TITLE: Application and Admission Process : University of Dayton, Ohio

Undergraduate Admission Process
If you have questions after reviewing information about UD's admission process,
contact us
and let our team know how we can assist you.
Application Instructions
To be considered for admission, submit the following items:
Your free application, including the essay, using the
Common App
or the
University of Dayton Application
.
Official high school transcript
Official ACT and/or SAT scores, if desired. The University of Dayton is
test-optional
in admission.
For official materials not submitted electronically, your high school counselor should mail materials to:
Office of Recruitment and Admission
University of Dayton
300 College Park
Dayton, OH 45469-1602
For more information about the Bachelor of Science in Nursing program’s application requirements and deadlines, visit our
nursing program page
.
View Application Tips
Explore Admission Resources
Admission Timeline
Fall Admission
Aug. 1:
Application opens.
Oct. 1:
Free Application for Federal Student Aid
(FAFSA) opens. File as soon as possible.
Nov. 1:
Early action application deadline (non-binding) and nursing application deadline.
March 1 (extended for 2026):
Regular admission application deadline; priority deadline to file the FAFSA.
March 1:
Deadline for nursing students to confirm enrollment.
May 1:
Deadline to confirm enrollment.
Spring Admission
Aug. 1:
Application opens
Nov. 1:
Application deadline
Dec. 1:
Deadline to confirm enrollment
How We Review Your Application
When your application arrives in UD's Office of Recruitment and Admission, our committee reviews it for admission to your desired academic major or program. The quality of your academic record is shown by your:
Trend of your transcript and rigor of coursework. In some cases, we will request your seventh semester grades.
Selection of courses in preparation for college.
Class standing or ranking.
ACT or SAT scores, if submitted. The University of Dayton is
test-optional
in admission. Test scores are never the sole or primary reason for an admission decision; rather, they are considered within the context of the supplemental information.
The admission committee also considers the recommendation from your high school counselor, along with other factors, including your demonstrated interest in the University, which could be shown by attending an official campus visit or event in your area.
During the past several years, we have experienced a significant increase in the number and academic quality of applicants. Based on the overall academic quality of applicants and the requirements for a particular major or division, the admission committee may choose to admit you to a different academic program.
You will automatically be considered for merit-based scholarships by submitting your application for admission. To be considered for need-based financial aid, please complete the
FAFSA
.