URL: https://www.udayton.edu/apply/undergraduate/transfer/application-process.php
TITLE: Application Process : University of Dayton, Ohio

Application and Admission Information for Transfer Students
Students who have attempted any college-level course
after
graduating from high school are considered transfer applicants. (Note: College Credit Plus and high school dual enrollment students are
not
considered transfer applicants and should complete the
undergraduate application
.)
Application Process
To begin the transfer application process, simply complete the following steps:
1. Apply to UD for free. You may submit the
Common App
or
UD's application
.
2. Request and submit official transcripts from all colleges you've attended — even if it wasn't recently.
Transcripts should be mailed or sent electronically from the institution to the Office of Recruitment and Admission. Home institutions should direct electronic documents to
transcripts@udayton.edu
or mail them to the below address. Hand-carried transcripts, official copies marked "Issued to Student," and unofficial copies are not acceptable.
Note: If you are in your first semester of college and do not yet have a college transcript, please contact our office.
3. Request and submit your official high school transcript.
4. Request and submit additional documents as required.*
Personal statement
Joint Services Transcript (JST) if you have served or are serving in the U.S. armed forces
Official AP, CLEP and IB score reports if you have taken any of the exams
*
International students
who want to transfer to UD should view additional admission requirements.
Transfer student application materials should be mailed to:
Office of Recruitment and Admission
University of Dayton
300 College Park
Dayton, OH 45469-2713
Be sure to monitor the application checklist in your
Admission Account
and submit any items marked as incomplete.
Honors Program
Transfer students with a college GPA of 3.7 or above (or a 3.5 if enrolled in college honors courses) may be considered for admission to UD's Honors Program. For more information, please contact the
Honors Program
.
Application Deadlines
Transfer Students
Fall semester: Feb. 1 (Early Action) or July 1 (Regular Decision)
Spring semester: Dec. 1
First summer session: April 15
Second summer session: May 15