URL: https://udayton.edu/blogs/impact/2026/04-april/aes-foundation-dc-flyers.php
TITLE: AES Ohio Foundation awards $25,000 to DC Flyers program : University of Dayton, Ohio

The University of Dayton’s 10-week summer internship program in Washington, D.C. will continue its legacy of developing future public servants with another year of financial support from the AES Ohio Foundation.
The Foundation is providing $25,000 to
DC Flyers
, a program that facilitates student internships ranging from placements on Capitol Hill to federal agencies and nonprofit organizations. Funding from the AES Ohio Foundation helps support UD’s commitment to provide students with housing in the nation’s capital, and a stipend to cover food, transportation and personal expenses.
Established in 2014 as an initiative of the University Honors Program, DC Flyers has helped 162 students gain hands-on experiential learning opportunities in public service, policy, advocacy and more. Many program alumni have launched careers in the public service sector, taking roles in and related to regional, state, national and international government, associations and nonprofits.
DC Flyers will enter its 12th year in 2026 with 10 students.
"The continued funding from the AES Ohio Foundation is vital to the success of the DC Flyers program,” said DC Flyers program manager Laura Cotten Howell.  “DC Flyers encourages our young people to find a calling for public service which is important to sustaining a strong society. Students gain a clearer understanding of their future vocation through their time in DC.”
Lucia Bair, a senior from Carmel, Indiana, majoring in international studies and Spanish and minoring in political science and sustainability, completed a DC Flyers internship at Counterpart International, a non-governmental organization focused on humanitarian aid. As an intern, Bair was tasked with helping navigate international development challenges, such as cutbacks within the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID).
Bair said the experience enhanced her UD education by showing her how many career paths existed within the field she hopes to make her vocation – environmental protection and climate initiatives. In addition to her internship work, Bair attended panels on climate policy at the Environmental Law Institute and an environmental justice seminar at Howard University.
“My time in D.C. showed me there are so many ways I can live out my passion for environmental justice and that there isn't one ‘right way’ to get there,” Bair said. “Connecting with UD alumni who share similar passions was also one of the most impactful aspects of my time in D.C.”
Annie Ward, a junior from Joliet, Illinois, majoring in communication management with minors in marketing and business administration, is the third member of her family to complete the DC Flyers program. Because of her sister and brother’s experience, Ward planned to apply for the program from the time she arrived at UD.
Last summer, she worked as a legislative intern in the office of Rep. Dave Joyce (OH-14). She started by researching bills introduced by members she believed aligned with his views, including the Stop Institutionalized Child Abuse Act spearheaded by Paris Hilton. Ward attended the Capitol Hill hearing where Hilton spoke.
Ward’s biggest takeaway that summer, however, led to a career shift.
“I joined DC Flyers as I was pursuing a political science degree and hoping to work in legislation after graduation,” she said. “During my internship, I was drawn to our communications director’s work making posts for the Congressman, writing his speeches, preparing him for news shows, and marketing him to the rest of the world. After watching her and meeting with other comms directors on the Hill I realized I was much more interested in this aspect of the office.”
Participating in DC Flyers helped Bair and Ward, like other students in past years, refine their future educational and career goals. After her graduation in May, Bair hopes to pursue a master's degree in either environmental sustainability or public policy, or attend law school to study environmental law. She said her time in D.C. was beneficial for her discernment process.
When Ward returned to Dayton after her internship, she looked into classes that could help her pursue her new career goal and changed her major. She now hopes to pursue a career in management and marketing after graduation.
“DC Flyers taught me so much about what I wanted to do and didn't want to do, which I believe is the most important thing I could have taken away from that summer,” Ward said. “Without the real life experience DC Flyers gave me, I wouldn't have found what I wanted.”