URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/academics/undergraduate/life-lebow/first-year-student-experience/academic-discovery
TITLE: Academic Discovery | Drexel University's LeBow College of Business

At LeBow, we understand the challenges that come along with the transition from high school to college. The structure of our first-year experiences and curriculum gives students the support needed to make this process as smooth as possible. These unique LeBow and Drexel courses help students prepare for real-world business environments and gain insight into the direction of their business career.
Business 101 and 102
Business 101 and 102 lay the groundwork for students to excel in future business courses at LeBow.
These courses provide exposure to all disciplines and areas of study that LeBow offers. Students will use this to help choose a major best suited for them. Throughout both Business 101 and 102 students build skills, such as teamwork and communication, to be applied in future co-op opportunities as well as in their lifelong careers.
Economics 201 and 202
Economics is an invaluable conceptual framework for understanding a vast array of behaviors and thinking about issues which society must address. LeBow exposes students to these concepts at the onset of their college career.
The courses are an introduction to microeconomics and macroeconomics. Whether this influences a decision on becoming an economist or is the only economics courses that you will ever take, your fundamental goal will be to become comfortable applying conceptual framework about economics in the world around you. Students also examine aggregate economic activity. You will gain knowledge of national and international economics, money and banking and economic policy. These introductory courses provide the context for becoming better informed citizens and the role your business career will play in it.
University 101
This course is a first-term, university-wide course designed to provide first-year students with the structure, support and guidance for a successful transition to life here at Drexel.
Students will learn about a variety of topics ranging from academic integrity to alcohol awareness to how to self-register for classes each term. While learning about important on-campus activities, students will also be encouraged to seek lessons from our extended campus, the city of Philadelphia. From attending events planned by Campus Philly to visiting the art museum, first-year students get first-hand experiences of all that Philadelphia has to offer.