URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/academics/undergraduate/life-lebow/drexel-lebow-first-year-student-experience
TITLE: The First-Year Student Experience | Drexel LeBow

The first-year student experience at LeBow builds a strong foundation that promotes success not only during students first year but their entire college career.
Welcome Week and LeBow College Day kick off with a chance for new students to make friends and learn to navigate our bustling campus in the heart of Philadelphia’s research and tech corridor. Countless other opportunities follow, including case competitions, business simulations and the chance for select students to participate in academic research. Here at LeBow, first-year students get exposure to business courses that are usually reserved for upperclassmen. Start your career by jumping right in.
Visit the
Drexel First-Year Experience website
for more information regarding move-in, housing, dining and other University services outside of LeBow.
Meet the Academic Director
Have questions? Please feel free to reach out to the academic director of the LeBow First-Year Student Experience, Christopher Finnin, EdD, at
CPF24@drexel.edu
.
A longtime LeBow faculty member and recipient of numerous awards for outstanding teaching,
Chris Finnin, EdD
, clinical professor of general business, will oversee a smooth transition for incoming high-schoolers as academic director of the LeBow First-Year Student Experience.
LeBow Launch
LeBow Launch is a two-day, early move-in introductory leadership program designed to provide incoming first-year students with a head start on college.
Peer Leader Program
Incoming first-year students are matched with sophomores who can introduce them to life on campus and in Philadelphia.
First-year Academic Advising
Find out more about class scheduling for your first term, AP and transfer credits and placement exams.
Academic Discovery
Special first-year courses provide the exposure you need to choose the field of study that's best for you and prepare you for your first real-world job.
More Ways to Get Involved
STAR Research
The STAR (Students Tackling Advanced Research) Scholars program allows first-year students to participate in faculty-mentored research, scholarship or creative work during the summer after their first year. This is a great opportunity to get to know faculty, explore a major in a particular field and gain practical skills and valuable research experience.
Learn more about STAR
LeBow Learning Communities
Each community has an academic focus and an experiential edge. Live, learn and support each other on this amazing academic adventure.
About the LeBow learning communities
Explore Undergraduate Business at LeBow
Life at LeBow
Undergraduate Academic Advising
Center for Career Readiness
Dornsife Office for Experiential Learning