URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/academics/undergraduate/life-lebow/first-year-student-experience/first-year-academic-advising
TITLE: First-year Academic Advising | Drexel University's LeBow College of Business

Fall Term Class Schedule
The college schedules the first term of classes for all incoming first-year students. Working schedules are available near the end of July and are not finalized until early September.
This set schedule in the fall is created to ensure students get the classes they need and have a successful transition to university life. Every first-year student can expect to take a full-time schedule of 16-17 credits.
Schedule Adjustments and Updates
First-year students schedule adjustments and additions are discouraged for the first term. Please note that exceptions are made if there are religious reasons why a student is making this request.
Schedule Accommodations for Athletes
Advisors work directly with the Athletics Department to create fall-term schedules for student athletes. Please be advised adjustments happen through early September. Students who do not see the necessary adjustments reflected on their schedule may
email their advisor
. The contact information for your assigned academic advisor can also be found in your
Drexel One Portal
under the My Success Team information.
Language Courses
First-year students interested in taking a language course may take the language placement test during the fall term. Language classes cannot be added for first-year students in the fall term.
Placement Exams
Placement Exam Deadlines
Students must complete placement exams by designated completion dates. For students who miss the placement exam deadlines, placement exams can still be scheduled. Students will not receive their fall term schedule until after the placement test is taken. Each student can log on to
DrexelOne
and review their required exams in the “Student Checklist.”
Learn more about placement exams and completion dates
AP Tests
Drexel LeBow accepts AP scores of 4 or 5 for most subject areas. Please check with the College Board to see if scores have been sent to Drexel. Please email your advisor once your scores have been sent so they can be verified and added to your student profile before your fall schedule has been created.
Math Placement Tests
All students are required to take a math placement test. Students may elect to take an additional calculus placement test, or may be required to do so based on their program.
All BS Business Administration and Economics students are automatically registered to take the math placement test, as calculus is not required. If you would like to take the calculus placement test, please let your advisor know so that you can get access to it.
All BS Business and Engineering students will be automatically registered to take the calculus placement test and the chemistry placement test.
Community College Transfer Credits
Please check that all official transcripts from the community college have been sent to Drexel University. Please contact Undergraduate Advising if you have taken any college level courses in high school to ensure eligible credits are transferred to Drexel.
Transcripts should be sent to the following address:
Drexel University Application Processing
P.O. Box 34789
Philadelphia, PA 19101