URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/academics/undergraduate/degrees-programs/business-administration
TITLE: Undergraduate Business Administration | Drexel University's LeBow College of Business

LeBow’s academic programs are designed to offer the best comprehensive business education across all levels of education and disciplines by incorporating co-op and experiential  learning to prepare students for practical application of business theory in a global environment.
Learn the latest industry trends, find solutions to real-world business problems, and develop soft skills like networking, leadership and building a personal brand. Students will experiment with new knowledge and hone skills through hands-on learning, and will also benefit from state-of-the-art facilities, unparalleled student support, technology and world-renowned faculty.
I felt that if I studied entrepreneurship and learned the fundamentals of business then no one would be able to take my business away from me. If it wasn’t for Drexel I wouldn’t have the confidence in such a high-stress, high reward environment.
Aquiera Halsey ’11
Manager, Oncology Quality Data & Cancer Registry
Thomas Jefferson University Hospital
Read more about Aquiera
Business Majors
Undergraduate studies at LeBow offer a wide array of areas of study through several majors, featuring a liberal arts core and strong general business base.
Accounting Major
Business Analytics Major
Business Law Major
Finance Major
General Business Major
International Business Major
Management Major
Management Information Systems Major
Marketing Major
Operations and Supply Chain Management Major
Real Estate Management and Development Major
Sport Business Major
#2
Best Co-ops/Internship Programs
US News & World Reports, 2025 (Drexel)
$71,307
Average starting salary for undergraduates
One year out, LeBow's class of 2024
Top 15
Colleges For Launching Your Career
Forbes, 2025 (Drexel)
Drexel Co-op and Experience
Through the
Drexel Co-op
program, students alternate six months of classroom learning with six months of full-time professional experience through University-approved employers. With plans of study that allow for up to three co-ops, students can gain as much as 18 months of practical, hands-on experience in the workplace, applying what they’ve learned in real-world settings long before graduation.
Where do BSBA Students do Co-op?
LeBow BSBA students have completed co-ops at various firms, both large and small, domestic and international.
A sampling of companies include:
Comcast
KPMG LLP
SAP
Estee Lauder/Northtec
Cisco Systems
PECO, an Exelon Company
Goldman Sachs
FMC Corporation
CIGNA Corporation
Johnson & Johnson
Learn more about Drexel Co-op at LeBow
Learn by Experience
At LeBow, we teach differently. Our students don’t just learn in the classroom; ample opportunities for hands-on learning outside the classroom provide a better understanding of the big picture.
Through projects made possible by the Dana and David Dornsife Office for Experiential Learning, our students apply their learning on real and simulated challenges, working with organizations domestically and internationally from Unilever, the Philadelphia 76ers, KPMG and PwC to nonprofit and governmental partners.
Learn more about the Dornsife Office for Experiential Learning
Undergraduate International Opportunities
Global learning through semesters abroad provides students the opportunity to develop intercultural communication skills, learn about unique business environments and gain real-world experience in international markets.
Learn more about undergraduate global experiences
Life at LeBow
Societal Impact
Undergraduate Academic Advising
Center for Career Readiness