URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/academics/undergraduate/current-students/advising
TITLE: Undergraduate Academic Advising | Drexel University's LeBow College of Business

Our
academic advisors
are here to help guide students through their Drexel LeBow course of study. The advising team is available to provide all students with assistance with everything from registering for the right courses to evaluating study abroad opportunities, completing the correct forms and preparing for graduation and career.
Jump to:
How to Meet With an Academic Advisor
//
Academic Planning
How to Meet With an Academic Advisor
Academic advisors are available through email, for virtual appointments via Zoom (video or voice meeting) or for in-person meetings from 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday. Earlier and later appointments are available by request.
Steps to Meet With Your Academic Advisor Virtually
Make an appointment with your advisor through your
Drexel One Portal
.
Select the in-person or virtual appointment depending on your availability and the open appointment types.
If you choose a virtual appointment, your advisor will reach out to you via your Drexel email with the Zoom link prior to your meeting. Click on the link in the email to join the session.
If you choose an in-person appointment, please sign in at the front desk on the 3rd floor of Gerri C. LeBow Hall when you arrive.
In line with our normal business protocols, please give advisors 24 to 48 hours to respond to emails; however, response times will likely be quicker.
Our advisors will get to know you individually as you progress through your education. They will help you become skillful problem solvers and experienced decision makers well-positioned to emerge as the business leaders of the future.
Meet the Drexel LeBow Undergraduate Advising Team
Academic Planning
Declaring a Major
To declare or change a major or minor, please schedule a meeting with your LeBow Academic Advisor to initiate the process.
Contact the Undergraduate Advising Office at
lebowadv@drexel.edu
or 215.895.2110 with any questions.
Registration and Scheduling
Academic Policies
Registration Time Tickets
Registration Holds and Restrictions
Course Term Master Schedule
Academic Calendars
Exam Schedules
Adding/Dropping Courses
Course Withdrawal
Full-Time Status
Students must register between 12-20 credits each quarter to maintain full-time status. Students taking fewer than three courses per quarter are considered part-time students. There is no formal procedure for changing between full-time and part-time status — you may adjust your course load depending on your needs and interests.
International students must maintain full-time status for visa requirements; visit
drexel.edu/isss
for more information.
There are also ramifications for part-time vs. full-time status for students seeking tuition support via loans, grants, etc. For more information, contact Drexel Central at 215.895.1600 or submit an e-mail inquiry via
ask.drexel.edu
.
Academic Policies
Drexel University, under the guidance of the Offices of the Provost and Student Life, has established guidelines for academic and social conduct, and most of these are available online through the following resources:
Academic Policies
Code of Conduct and Community Standards
In addition to the University-wide policies, there are a number of federal and college-specific policies applicable to undergraduate students:
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA)
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974, as amended, is a federal law that limits the information we can directly provide to the parents of our students. The law provides that Drexel University will maintain the confidentiality of student educational records, unless specifically released by the student.
Under FERPA, Drexel University officials may not disclose information about your child without his or her expressed written consent. Typically, students have the opportunity to request a FERPA waiver via DrexelOne and indicate to whom they wish to share their information. In the event that no waiver is on file, you may request that your child sign a waiver.
More information on FERPA
LeBow Policy on Accepting Transfer Credits
The Dean, faculty, and administration of Drexel University’s LeBow College of Business are constantly working to benefit our students by improving the academic quality of our degrees and enhancing the career advantage gained by our alumni.
After careful review, we have come to the conclusion that allowing LeBow students to transfer credits once they have matriculated into Drexel into their academic records causes more harm than good towards achieving their educational and career goals.
The reasons for this conclusion:
Degrees earned from LeBow College of Business include carefully crafted curriculum taught by our esteemed faculty, and students do not gain the full benefit of our degree by attempting these courses in another institution.
Students need to complete courses which are pre-requisites for other required courses at Drexel to insure that they are adequately prepared and do not disrupt their learning process.
While all of our students work hard to pursue academic honors, those students who transfer credits to Drexel gain an unfair advantage to earn honors over those students who diligently complete all of their course work here.
As the LeBow College of Business continuously expands and advances its reputation of excellence among the regional, national and international business communities, the inclusion of transfer credits within the academic records of its students diminishes the quality of our degrees and adversely impacts the positive perception of our alumni.
LeBow College of Business seeks to keep our graduates competitive with those of other highly-ranked business colleges, accredited by the AACSB, that do not accept transfer credits.
Students who are approaching their graduating term at Drexel often find the completion of their degree impeded by waiting for credits to transfer.
Drexel’s quarter terms, necessary for our Co-Op program, is a unique scheduling system which is not easily integrated with semester scheduling systems in other schools.
Entering transfer credits into our students’ records may cause an adverse and unexpected change in their billing status.
Students may earn credit for a required course by completing that class at Drexel with a grade of C-, but receiving such a grade in a similar class at another institution will not be accepted for transfer.
Students may still enter LeBow College of Business by transferring credits from another school, but after beginning classes at Drexel these students may no longer transfer further credits to their records.
If a student believes that they have a compelling reason to request permission to transfer a course, they may appeal their reasons to the LeBow Undergraduate Advising Center for consideration. The Dean of LeBow College of Business reserves the final decision on granting an exception to this policy.
Readmission and Reinstatement Policy
LeBow College of Business policies supplement and, in some cases, may be more restrictive than Drexel University policy. LeBow encourages all students to familiarize themselves with both the College and University policies.
All students who wish to apply for readmission are required to apply via the Office of Admissions. The Admissions Committee is responsible for reviewing all applications for readmission to Drexel, following program guidelines.
Prior to applying for readmission students must:
Review holds
Review SAP status
Apply for financial aid
For more information on the readmission process, visit
Drexel Central
.
Reinstatement Policy
Please refer to
Drexel University’s Academic Standing Policy
for further information.
LeBow Policy on Undergraduate Students taking Graduate Courses
Undergraduate LeBow Students taking Graduate Courses
LeBow has developed the following guidelines in accordance with the
Undergraduate Students taking Graduate Courses
policy.
This policy provides high-performing undergraduate LeBow students with the opportunity to enroll in select graduate-level courses to enrich their academic experience by exploring advanced subject areas.
Eligibility
Minimum 3.0 GPA
Junior or senior standing
Good academic standing
Enrolled in at least 12 undergraduate credits per quarter
Approval Process
Students must obtain approval from their undergraduate academic advisor
Enrollment is based on available space
Please see your advisor for more information on how to register
Course Application
Students can leverage graduate coursework in three ways:
Option 1. As part of Accelerated/Combined Program degree requirements
Undergraduate LeBow students provisionally accepted into an accelerated or combined degree program must follow their approved plan of study which specifically prescribes which graduate courses the student will take and when.
The LeBow graduate course credits earned with a B or better will be used to apply to the graduate degree requirement.
Graduate credits earned do not fulfill the requirements of the student’s undergraduate degree.
Option 2. As part of any undergraduate degree requirements
Undergraduate LeBow students may enroll in a LeBow graduate course if they meet the eligibility criteria and have completed any required course prerequisites.
Any graduate credits earned under this option can fulfill only undergraduate degree requirements.
Credits and grades will appear on the student’s transcript and will be counted toward the student’s cumulative undergraduate grade point average (GPA).
None of these graduate credits can apply to satisfy any graduate degree requirements at Drexel.
The LeBow graduate course may only count toward the student’s undergraduate free elective requirements.
Option 3. In excess of any undergraduate degree requirements
Undergraduate LeBow students may enroll in a LeBow graduate course, if they meet the academically qualified criteria and have completed any required course prerequisites.
Graduate credits earned with a B grade or better as an undergraduate student may apply to an advanced degree at Drexel or another institution, only if such graduate credits do not fulfill the requirements for an undergraduate degree.
Credits and grades will appear on the student’s transcript and will be counted toward the student’s cumulative undergraduate grade point average (GPA).
Credit awarded for any LeBow graduate course may not apply to any undergraduate degree requirement.
Financial Aid Considerations
Students receiving federal financial aid should consult with Drexel Central to understand the potential impact of graduate coursework on their aid eligibility.
Schedule a meeting with your academic advisor to discuss course options and obtain approval. Note that not all courses are available for undergraduates, and additional department approval may be required.
This policy is effective immediately. LeBow undergraduates are encouraged to explore this exciting opportunity to broaden their academic horizons.
Explore More at Drexel LeBow
The John and Jinnie Chapel Learning & Tutoring Center
Information for Parents
Degrees and Programs
Center for Career Readiness