URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/academics/undergraduate/degrees-programs/business-engineering
TITLE: Business and Engineering Degree | Drexel University's LeBow College of Business

The BS in Business and Engineering (B&E) is a highly distinctive degree that offers students at Drexel the best of two worlds: a rigorous business education at the LeBow College of Business and engineering expertise from the College of Engineering.
The B&E degree is an integral part of the University’s identity. Starting in 1924 as Commercial Engineering at the Drexel Institute of Technology, it evolved into the Commerce and Engineering program and is now Business and Engineering.
The program is
STEM designated
and prepares students for occupations at the intersection of business, science, technology and engineering. Through the rigorous coursework, students will acquire technical skills such as quantitative analysis and computer programming. The flexibility of a B&E major enables students to follow a path tailored to their individual skills and interests.
My experiences at LeBow, including three co-ops, gave me the breadth I need for working on the business side of things, along with the vocabulary and knowledge for hardware- and software-related discussions.
Ian Yamaguchi  ’15
Senior Manager, XR Product Strategy & Partnerships
Samsung Electronics
Watch Ian's story
BS in Business and Engineering Curriculum
Business and engineering majors essentially have the same core business courses as all Business Administration students at the LeBow College of Business and the same foundational engineering courses that are common to majors at the College of Engineering.
Contemporary business is highly quantitative and data-driven, and the B&E curriculum aims to give our students every advantage in technical proficiency. Consequently, instead of the analysis and statistics courses that are taken by other business students, Business and Engineering undergraduates take a more rigorous sequence that emphasizes the use of calculus. The statistics courses in this sequence are offered by LeBow business faculty specifically for B&E students and therefore present a unique opportunity for confluence in the program.
Business Curriculum
The business curriculum includes courses in a few specific focus areas (e.g., technology innovation and operations management), plus a business minor in whatever discipline fits with a student’s career interest (e.g., business analytics or finance).
Engineering Curriculum
The engineering curriculum is a concentration in an engineering discipline that similarly aligns with a student’s interest (e.g., chemical or electrical). A general engineering option is also available, which allows selection of courses from different concentrations.
Learn more about our degree course requirements
View the plan of study in the Drexel Catalog
Start Application
Drexel Co-op and Experience
Over 100 years of industry partnership has taught us the value of an immersive education. We focus on ensuring students have access to a wide variety of learning opportunities beyond the classroom to gain deep expertise, broad perspectives and the essential soft skills needed to succeed in business and in life.
Drexel Co-op
Through the Drexel Co-op program, business and engineering majors alternate six months of classroom learning with six months of full-time professional experience through University-approved employers. With plans of study that allow for up to three co-ops, students can gain as much as 18 months of practical, hands-on experience in the workplace, applying what they’ve learned in real-world settings long before graduation.
With a degree in business and engineering, students have even more opportunities for their co-op experiences; some take all business-focused co-ops, some take all engineering-focused co-ops and some mix the two.
Students have done their business and engineering co-ops in companies both big and small, locally and around the world. Past business and engineering co-op placements include:
Comcast Corporation
Estee Lauder/Northtec
PECO, an Exelon Company
PJM Interconnection LLC
Susquehanna International Group LLP
Learn more about Drexel Co-op at LeBow
Learn by Experience
In addition to the Co-op program, experiential learning opportunities abound at LeBow, including consulting courses, case competitions, international residencies, research projects, industry thought leader events, alumni mentorship and more. Through projects made possible by the Dana and David Dornsife Office for Experiential Learning, our students apply their learning on real and simulated challenges, working with organizations domestically and internationally.
Learn more about the Dornsife Office for Experiential Learning
Student Organizations
At Drexel LeBow, students have many opportunities to engage outside of the classroom through student-run organizations, connecting with a community that shares their major, their heritage or any of the other unique characteristics that unite our diverse student population. The opportunities to collaborate, network and engage are endless.
Business and Engineering Learning Community
The Business and Engineering Learning Community is an academic learning community open to all first-year Business and Engineering majors.
Drexel LeBow Undergraduate Student Organizations
Get involved, build your network and enhance your student experience with other LeBow students.
Careers and Network
A business and engineering degree is useful in nearly any field or sector that needs to reach a particular audience. Students who have graduated from LeBow with a business & engineering degree have found jobs in a wide array of fields, including law and accounting firms, banking and financial institutions, wholesaling companies, service organizations, professional sports teams and chambers of commerce.
Explore business and engineering careers and outcomes
Explore Undergrad Business at LeBow
Life at LeBow
Undergraduate Academic Advising
Center for Career Readiness
Dornsife Office for Experiential Learning