URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/academics/undergraduate/degrees-programs/economics
TITLE: Undergraduate Economics Degrees | Drexel University's LeBow College of Business

The study of economics equips students to understand how businesses, households and governments interact to determine the success or failure of firms and the well-being of individuals. It also enables students to uncover cause and effect, so that they can make sound decisions, not only in finance and banking but also in public health, policymaking, global relations and many aspects of everyday life.
From evaluating how a change in healthcare may impact a hospital’s population to examining a grocery store’s ability to change produce prices, economics helps people solve social problems and make sound business decisions. Thus, the skills of economists are highly sought by both industry and government.
Bachelor’s Degrees in Economics
Drexel University’s
School of Economics
prepares students to think like economists. Through a range of programs — from economics and public health to economics and data science — students use mathematical or conceptual models to examine the rules, resources and constraints on themselves and others; brainstorm strategies to optimize their lives and organizational operation; and question and revise the resulting outcomes. As they study a field that serves as a framework for understanding the world, students gain skills that are paramount to thinking about how to enact change and adapt to the needs of the marketplace.
BA in Economics
The Bachelor of Arts in Economics introduces students to modern economics within the context of a broad liberal arts curriculum.
Bachelor of Science in Economics
The BS in Economics enables students to develop analytical skills and knowledge of economic institutions and policies.
Combined Economics Majors
To meet the growing demands of today’s job market, the School of Economics has developed new, interdisciplinary major options. Students can pursue a STEM-Designated Bachelor of Science with their choice of the below combined majors, which provides them with an opportunity to build a fundamental understanding of economics while developing specific skill sets in areas such as behavioral science, business, data science, math and public health.
In addition to the combined majors listed below, Drexel’s School of Economics has joined the Department of Politics and the Department of English and Philosophy in the College of Arts and Sciences to offer a
Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy, Politics and Economics.
Behavioral  Economics,  Business  and Organizations Combined Major
The behavioral economics combined major integrates economic modeling with insights from behavioral sciences to analyze human behavior in economic contexts.
Economics and Business Combined Major
Students who pursue  an economics and business combined major study the functional fields of business  while building a foundation in economics.
Economics and Data Science Combined Major
Students learn from subject matter experts from both the School of Economics and the College of Computing & Informatics.
Economics and Mathematics Combined Major
The combined major in Economics and Mathematics is intended for students who have a strong interest in applied mathematics and econometrics.
Economics and Public Health Combined Major
Through the combined major in economics and public health, students gain an understanding of the factors underlying our health and well-being.
Start Application
#2
U.S. News & World Report best school for co-op
$89,364
Average starting salary for the School of Economics
undergraduate class of 2024
Top 15%
Economics departments worldwide (RePEc)
Minors in Economics
Minor in Behavioral Economics and Business
Our
minor in behavioral economics and business
offers students the opportunity to learn about decision-making from a variety of perspectives, and it is intended for those who wish to broaden their understanding of choices made by individuals, firms, governments and other agents.
Minor in Economics
A
minor in economics
provides students with a solid background in the application of economic theory to markets. Students complete standard courses in microeconomics and macroeconomics that emphasize core training in economic decision-making.
Minor in Econometrics and Data Analytics
The
minor in econometrics and data analytics
provides a solid background for students interested in quantitative analysis and causal inference; i.e., identifying and estimating the effect of changes in the economic environment on the behavior of individuals and firms.
Minor in International Business
Our
minor in international business
is designed for students with varied backgrounds who have a particular interest in international business. The curriculum provides students with an understanding of issues related to international business and familiarizes them with advanced topics involving international trade, international money and finance and a multitude of specialized topics.
Drexel Co-op and Experience
Over 100 years of industry partnership has taught us the value of an immersive education. We focus on ensuring students have access to a wide variety of learning opportunities beyond the classroom to gain deep expertise, broad perspectives and the essential soft skills needed to succeed in business and in life.
Drexel Co-op
Through the
Drexel Co-op
program, students alternate six months of classroom learning with six months of full-time professional experience through University-approved employers.  With plans of study that allow for up to three co-ops, students can gain as much as 18 months of practical, hands-on experience in the workplace, applying what they’ve learned in real-world settings long before graduation.
LeBow economics students have completed co-ops at various firms, both large and small, domestic and international. A sampling of companies includes:
CHUBB (formerly ACE USA)
Comcast Corporation
Goldman, Sachs & Co.
PECO, an Exelon Company
Susquehanna Int’l Group LLP
Learn more about Drexel Co-op at LeBow
Learn by Experience
At LeBow, we teach differently. Our students don’t just learn in the classroom; ample opportunities for hands-on learning outside the classroom provide a better understanding of the big picture.
Through projects made possible by the
Dana and David Dornsife Office for Experiential Learning
, our students apply their learning on real and simulated challenges, working with organizations domestically and internationally from Unilever, the Philadelphia 76ers, KPMG and PwC to nonprofit and governmental partners.
About the Dornsife Office for Experiential Learning
Learn More About LeBow
Drexel's School of Economics
Undergraduate Academic Advising
Drexel Co-op
Dornsife Office for Experiential Learning