URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/academics/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate Programs | Drexel LeBow

Driven. Determined. No doubt you’ve heard these words used to describe you. But they also describe Drexel LeBow students. Our rigorous, experience-based business education is custom built for the driven and determined, students who are prepared to be the changemakers and problem solvers who meet every challenge head-on.
As an undergraduate at Drexel LeBow, you learn the latest industry trends and solutions to real business problems. You can experiment with new knowledge and hone skills through hands-on learning, benefitting from state-of-the-art facilities, unparalleled student support, technology and world-renowned faculty who are experts in their fields.
Degrees and Programs
BS Business Administration
Bachelor of Science in Health Administration
Business and Engineering Degree
Undergraduate Economics Programs
Undergraduate Entrepreneurship Degrees
Undergraduate Accelerated Dual Degree Programs
Minors and Certificates
#2
Best Co-ops/Internship Programs
US News & World Reports, 2026 (Drexel)
$71,307
Average starting salary for undergraduates
Class of 2024, as of Feb. 5, 2026
Drexel has taught me to be open to possibilities while being true to yourself. I hope be able to give back to LeBow and pay it forward to other students just as other students and alumni helped me.
KeShaun Hinmon ’19
Program Manager
Google
Read more about KeShaun
STEM-Designated Undergraduate Degree Programs
LeBow’s STEM-designated programs provide interdisciplinary technical and mathematical skills, as well as the business acumen needed to help solve complex business issues to help navigate the future of business.
Learn more about our STEM-Designated Undergraduate Programs
The Drexel LeBow Difference
Classes taught by research-focused faculty and subject matter experts are just the beginning at Drexel LeBow. When you combine that with
co-op opportunities
,
experiential learning
, committed
career
and
advising
teams, a dedication to diversity, equity and inclusion, and an active alumni network of more than 40,000 spread around the world, you stand ready to leverage everything that makes LeBow different to build your own pathway to success.
Drexel Co-op
Entrepreneurship Co-op
Undergraduate Academic Advising
Center for Career Readiness
Life at LeBow
Vibrant city life, numerous student organizations, on-campus events and unique educational opportunities provide students with the tools to have a well-rounded, dynamic experience at LeBow.
Explore undergraduate life at LeBow
LeBow First Year
LeBow Launch
LeBow Launch is a two-day, early move-in introductory leadership program designed to provide incoming first-year students with a head start on college.
Peer Leader Program
Incoming first-year students are matched with sophomores who can introduce them to life on campus and in Philadelphia.
LeBow Learning Communities
Each community has an academic focus and an experiential edge. Live, learn and support each other on this amazing academic adventure.
First-year Academic Advising
Find out more about class scheduling for your first term, AP and transfer credits and placement exams.