URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/academics/undergraduate/degrees-programs/entrepreneurship
TITLE: Undergraduate Entrepreneurship Degrees | Drexel University's LeBow College of Business

Be the entrepreneur of your life.
At Drexel University’s
Charles D. Close School of Entrepreneurship
, we don’t just teach you how to launch a business, we empower you to lead innovation in any field. Whether you’re passionate about starting your own venture or driving change within an organization, our undergraduate programs will help you develop the mindset and skills to make it happen.
Entrepreneurs are born from every discipline and at the Close School, we believe every student has the potential to turn ideas into action. Entrepreneurship education is about more than starting a business — it’s about empowering you to shape your future.
#2
Top Schools for Entrepreneurship Studies, Mid-Atlantic Region
The Princeton Review, 2025
#2
Best Co-op Internship Program, Drexel
U.S. News & World Report, 2025
Bachelor’s Degrees in Entrepreneurship and Innovation
As a nationally ranked and accredited institution, we offer innovative programs designed to help you develop both the mindset and the skills necessary to succeed.
Our curriculum offers unique options, including a three-year degree, and our approach emphasizes learning by doing. Through this hands-on experience, you will gain the tools to create your path and uncover new opportunities.
Bachelor of Arts in Entrepreneurship and Innovation
Drexel’s BA in Entrepreneurship and Innovation builds creative leaders through interdisciplinary learning, real-world experience and startup support.
Three-year BA in Entrepreneurship and Innovation
Our unique 3-year accelerated degree program is ideal for ambitious students who are ready to move quickly from the classroom to the real world.
Start Your Application
I felt that if I studied entrepreneurship and learned the fundamentals of business then no one would be able to take my business away from me. If it wasn’t for Drexel I wouldn’t have the confidence in such a high-stress, high reward environment.
Aquiera Halsey ’11
Manager, Oncology Quality Data & Cancer Registry
Thomas Jefferson University Hospital
Read more about Aquiera
Minors and Certificates
The Close School’s minors offer you the opportunity to learn the skills and mindset of an entrepreneur regardless of your major. Whether you plan to start your own venture, innovate within an established organization, or dedicate your career to social impact, our minors enhance your ability to succeed in any path you choose.
Minor in Corporate Entrepreneurship
The minor in Corporate Entrepreneurship is designed for students who are interested in careers that spark innovation within startup companies or established organizations. Students who minor in Corporate Entrepreneurship will learn how to become change agents within companies, helping them to remain competitive using innovation as the driving force behind product or service development.
Learn more about the minor in Corporate Entrepreneurship
Minor in Entrepreneurship and Innovation
The minor in Entrepreneurship and Innovation is designed to enhance your current plan of study and empower you to succeed in any career aspiration. Through your coursework you will be challenged to think and act like an entrepreneur – doing more than creating good ideas by learning what it takes to put those good ideas to
good use
.
Learn more about the minor in Entrepreneurship and Innovation
Minor in Social Entrepreneurship
The minor in Social Entrepreneurship is designed for students interested in learning how to create and sustain social value within companies or through the pursuit of any social enterprise. Students will learn to develop, fund and implement innovative solutions to social, cultural or environmental issues.
Learn more about the minor in Social Entrepreneurship
Certificate in Entrepreneurship
The certificate in Entrepreneurship is for currently enrolled Drexel students who would like to expand the scope of their undergraduate Drexel degree by also developing an entrepreneurial mindset and skillset. By building your entrepreneurial skills and helping you assemble the tools that you need to succeed, the certificate in entrepreneurship equips you to achieve your life and career aspirations in an ever-changing employment landscape.
Learn more about the certificate in Entrepreneurship
40,000+
LeBow alumni in your future global network
#13
Philadelphia is ranked as a top Global Startup Ecosystem
Global Startup Ecosystem Report, 2025
Where Drexel students turn ideas into action.
Baiada Institute for Entrepreneurship
The Laurence A. Baiada Institute for Entrepreneurship is the hub of student innovation at Drexel. As part of the Charles D. Close School of Entrepreneurship, the Baiada Institute empowers students from every major to launch and grow their ventures.
With access to mentorship, funding, competitions and a vibrant entrepreneurial community, you’ll gain the tools and support you need to bring your ideas to life. Whether you’re just getting started or ready to scale, the Baiada Institute helps you turn ambition into action.
Learn more about the Baiada Institute
Drexel Co-op and Experience
Over 100 years of industry partnership has taught us the value of an immersive education. We focus on ensuring students have access to a wide variety of learning opportunities beyond the classroom to gain deep expertise, broad perspectives and the essential soft skills needed to succeed in business and in life.
Drexel Co-op
Through the
Drexel Co-op
program, students alternate six months of classroom learning with six months of full-time professional experience through University-approved employers. With plans of study that allow for up to three co-ops, students can gain as much as 18 months of practical, hands-on experience in the workplace, applying what they’ve learned in real-world settings long before graduation.
For Charles D. Close School students, the Drexel Co-op provides the opportunity to understand how large companies, small companies, non-profits and startups operate, while learning and building your network. Some of these companies include:
Comcast Corporation
Estee Lauder/Northtec
Exelon/PECO
FCM Hospitality
Independence Blue Cross
The TJX Companies, Inc.
Vertex
About Drexel Co-op at LeBow
Entrepreneurship Co-op
Many undergraduates are already building their own businesses. To support this entrepreneurial drive, the Close School, in partnership with the Steinbright Career Development Center, offers students the opportunity to use their own company as their Co-op experience. Eligible students can receive a scholarship to support their venture while earning academic credit.
Learn about the Entrepreneurship Co-op
Explore Entrepreneurship at LeBow
Charles D. Close School of Entrepreneurship
Baiada Institute for Entrepreneurship