URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/academics/undergraduate/life-lebow
TITLE: Undergraduate Life at LeBow | Drexel University's LeBow College of Business

Life at LeBow gives undergraduate students the opportunity to take advantage of all that Philadelphia and Drexel have to offer through on-campus events, speakers, social activities, organizations and learning communities. Through these experiences, students will make friends, meet business connections and start their careers. With the city of Philadelphia at our doorstep and a thriving on-campus community, students have the tools to fully capitalize on their college experience.
One of the best parts of LeBow is getting to meet and work with so many people that are willing to help and who you can look up to. I never thought I could present our research at a global conference — it was an incredible experience.
Isabella Santosusso ’21
Read more about Isabella
First-year Student Experience
The first-year undergraduate student experience at LeBow offers a strong foundation that promotes success not only during your first year but your entire college career.
Explore the first-year undergraduate student experience at LeBow
LeBow Launch
LeBow Launch is a two-day introductory leadership program designed to provide incoming LeBow College of Business first-year students with a head start on college.
Peer Leadership Program
The best way for incoming first-year students to learn the ropes is to learn from their peers who have just navigated the experience themselves.
First-Year Academic Advising
This is the place for students to learn about class scheduling during their first term, AP and transfer credits, placement exams and more.
Academic Discovery
Special first-year courses provide the exposure students need to choose the field of study that’s best for them, and prepare them for first real-world jobs.
LeBow Learning Communities
Each
learning community
has an academic focus and an experiential edge. Live, learn and support each other on this amazing academic adventure.
Business and Engineering Learning Community
The Business and Engineering Learning Community is an academic learning community open to all first-year Business and Engineering majors.
Business Living Learning Community
The Business Living Learning Community is for ambitious and high-achieving students with leadership acumen and an interest in community service.
Commuter Learning Community
The Commuter Learning Community offers a great opportunity for students who live off-campus to make close friends with other business students who commute.
Global Learning Community
LeBow’s Global Learning Community provides students the opportunity to expand their perspective internationally while attending classes together.
LeBow BRIDGE
A LeBow College of Business program and learning community created to support students as they develop into the leaders of the future.
LeBow Student Organizations
Drexel LeBow Undergraduate Student Organizations
Get involved, build your network and enhance your student experience with other LeBow students.
More to Explore
Drexel Co-op
Undergraduate students can graduate with up to 18 months of hands-on, professional experience on their resume and set themselves apart from other students.
Center for Career Readiness
LeBow’s Center for Career Readiness bridges academic learning with industry expectations, ensuring students graduate with a degree and a competitive edge.
Campus and Community
Our 12-story, 177,500-square-foot home, Gerri C. LeBow Hall, is located at the heart of the Drexel University campus, which is located in Philadelphia’s University City neighborhood, home to the city’s vibrant research and technology corridor. Being located in Philadelphia, and within a short distance of New York and Washington DC means Drexel LeBow students have access, not just to our 1700+ industry partners but also to a wealth of experience from leaders in the business, research and governmental fields.
Learn more about the LeBow campus and community
Degrees and Programs
Undergraduate Academic Advising
Career Advising
Dornsife Office for Experiential Learning