URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/admissions/doctorate/admission-standards
TITLE: PhD Application Requirements and Deadlines | Drexel University's LeBow College of Business

Application Deadline
Our application for Fall 2026 is now open and the application fee is $78. The deadline for submitting all materials for your application is
January 10, 2026
.
Apply Now
Admission Standards
Drexel LeBow’s doctoral program offers a cutting-edge, research-driven and rigorous curriculum that admits top-tier candidates who are determined to redefine the way the world does business. Propelled by the University’s over 100-year history of industry partnership, the program enables doctoral students to apply their work to real-world situations and enact real change. Please see the information below for more details on how to apply.
Admissions Requirements
Prior Academic Accomplishments
The faculty will examine your prior academic work, paying particular attention to the specific courses you have completed. Applicants should have a minimum grade point average of 3.0 (on a 4.0 scale) for all undergraduate course work and a minimum 3.3 average for any graduate-level coursework. The faculty generally expect applicants to demonstrate a substantially higher level of accomplishment than these minimum expectations. A master’s degree is not required.
Transcripts
Photocopies of your academic work can be sent in or scanned and uploaded via the online admissions portal.
If you are offered admission to the program, you will be required to submit official paper or electronic copies.
For admitted international students, transcripts coming from a foreign language institution will need to be submitted to a transcript evaluation service. The preferred choices for the evaluators are the
World Education Service
or the
Educational Credential Evaluators, Inc.
(ECE).
Standardized Test Scores (GMAT/GRE)
You are required to submit either GMAT or GRE scores. Unofficial scores will be accepted until a student is admitted. Please note that scores older than five years are not accepted.
The GMAC code for the PhD program is: 6GJ-QT-99
The ETS code (GRE) for the PhD program is: 2194
English Proficiency  Requirements
Applicants who do not have a degree from an English-speaking post-secondary institution are required to provide proof of English proficiency as part of their application. We offer a variety of options for candidates to meet this requirement.
TOEFL and IELTS Examinations
The TOEFL and IELTS exams are graduate business school admission tests that provide proof of English proficiency for international applicants. For admission consideration, Drexel LeBow looks for an overall minimum TOEFL score of 90 (with a 22 or higher in the Speaking and Listening section). A  TOEFL Special Home Edition test is being offered temporarily by ETS to serve students who are unable to visit a test center due to public health concerns.
The ETS institution code for the TOEFL is 2194.
Alternatively, an overall minimum IELTS score of 6.5 (with a minimum score of 6.5 in Speaking and Listening) is accepted. The British Council is also offering the  IELTS Indicator exam, which can be completed on your personal computer in lieu of the IELTS exam. Score requirements will remain the same.
Duolingo
The
Duolingo English test
can be completed online, on-demand in under an hour. The test must be taken on a computer with a camera and includes a proficiency score, video interview and writing sample. Certified results are available within 48 hours of the test. Drexel LeBow looks for a minimum score of 115 for admissions consideration.
Personal Statement/Essay
Each applicant must submit a personal statement explaining the educational and personal experiences that have influenced their decision to pursue a PhD, as well as future career plans and goals. Faculty members are especially interested in learning about an applicant’s research experience and future research interests.
Letters of Recommendation
Two letters of recommendation must be submitted in support of the application via the
online application portal
. Applicants are strongly encouraged to seek recommendations from academics or other professionals who can assess your likelihood of success in a research-oriented PhD program.
Explore More at Drexel LeBow
PhD Programs
Online PhD Application
Frequently Asked Questions: PhD Admissions
Assistantships and Financial Aid