URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/admissions/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate Admissions | Drexel University's LeBow College of Business

Ready to unleash the leader inside? You’re in the right place.
The LeBow College of Business, propelled by Drexel University’s over 100-year history of uniting academia and industry, provides undergraduates with opportunities to gain real-world experience. By connecting with our expert faculty and industry-leading organizations, students graduate ready to lead and shape the future of business.
Degrees and Programs
Undergraduate Fact Sheets
Schedule a Visit
Request Information
Admission Standards
Get information on the prerequisites and requirements needed to apply for a LeBow undergraduate degree or dual degree program. In addition to standards that apply to all incoming Drexel students, those applying to LeBow’s undergraduate programs must meet certain math and science prerequisites.
Learn more about LeBow admissions standards
Start Your Application
Tuition and Fees
International Students
Are you thinking about studying in the U.S. as an international student? Pursuing a university education at Drexel LeBow allows you to join our diverse community of scholars and take advantage of the numerous resources and opportunities available. Learn more about the value of joining our family of international Dragons and how Drexel can prepare you for future success.
Drexel international student admissions
STEM-designated undergraduate degrees at LeBow
Pre-college and First-Year Experience
Pre-College Programs
Pre-college programs expose high-achieving high school students to the world of business, where they learn from LeBow faculty on our campus in Philadelphia.
Drexel LeBow First-Year Student Experience
Explore the first-year experience at LeBow. First year students have unique opportunities for learning at LeBow, as well as support from their peer leaders.
Opportunities for High School Students & Educators
At Drexel’s LeBow College of Business, we’re excited to connect with high school students and educators through experiences that bring business to life.
Drexel Admissions Staff
Do you have questions about the application process? Drexel’s undergraduate admissions team is ready to provide you with the support you need to determine which of our programs is right for you, and to help you prepare all required materials to complete your application.
Additionally, our
LeBow Undergraduate Programs Office
is also here to assist you with any LeBow-specific questions.
Schedule a virtual meeting with Drexel Admissions
Explore Undergraduate Business at LeBow
Degrees and Programs
Life at LeBow
Drexel Co-op
Dornsife Office for Experiential Learning