URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/admissions/graduate-admissions/graduate-application-requirements
TITLE: Graduate Application Requirements | Drexel University's LeBow College of Business

The Drexel LeBow College of Business runs on a quarter-based
academic calendar
, terms last 10 weeks instead of the 15 in a semester system.
Apply to Drexel LeBow
Note:
International students who are not able to obtain a visa for their initial admission term can defer enrollment up to 1 year.
Apply Now
Application Requirements
Please review the admission requirements for applicants before submitting your application. International students, be sure to review the
additional requirements for international applicants
.
All applicants must have a bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university. Degrees earned abroad will be evaluated and must be deemed equivalent.
1. Completed Application
Complete the online application and submit supplemental documents.
View application deadlines and program terms
2.  Application Fees
Spring 2026
Online Programs: $0 application fee
Part-Time Hybrid MBA: $65 application fee
Fall 2026 and Spring 2027
Online Programs: $58 application fee
On-Campus Programs: $78 application fee
Discounts and Waivers
Applications fees are discounted or waived for alumni, current students, faculty, staff and military personnel.
Other qualified applicants may be eligible for application discounts or waivers. Please contact the LeBow graduate enrollment team at
lebowgradenroll@drexel.edu
for additional information.
3. Transcripts
Transcripts from all institutions attended are required. To expedite the process, you can upload unofficial transcripts for each institution in the admissions portal or via email to
enroll@drexel.edu
. If you are accepted to LeBow, you will be required to submit official transcripts from all schools attended prior to the start of the first term.
4. Letter of Recommendation
One letter of recommendation is required from either a professional or academic reference. The
Master of Health Administration program requires
a minimum of 2 letters of recommendation.
Applicant will enter reference contact information into the application system. A formal request will be generated to your recommender.
It’s important to let your recommender know they will be receiving the request through an auto-generated email.
If your recommender has already written the recommendation, they must formally submit it via email to
enroll@drexel.edu
on your behalf.
5. Professional CV/Résumé
Applicants can upload their CV/résumé as part of their application or through the
Applicant Portal
.  If unable to submit through the portal applicants can email their CV/résumé to
enroll@drexel.edu
.
6. Personal Statement
Applicants are required to submit a personal statement that addresses the following areas:
Future career goals
How this graduate degree will allow you to grow professionally
Why you are choosing Drexel University’s LeBow College of Business
Anything additional about your personal or professional experiences that will support  your growth in leadership, community and personal development
Suggested personal statement length is approximately 500 words
7. Interview
Applicants to the Accelerated Full-Time MBA program may be selected for an interview round as a part of the application process. Applicants selected for the interview round will be notified via email. Additional programs may request an interview for admission as needed.
GMAT/GRE Test Optional
GMAT or GRE test scores are not required for LeBow College of Business graduate admissions. However, applicants who have completed or will be completing the GMAT or GRE are encouraged to submit their test scores to be considered for additional merit scholarship opportunities. Sharing of test scores is also recommended for those who may have minimal quantitative or analytical experience, to help showcase quantitative aptitude.
Additional Information for International Applicants
Please take note of the additional items below that are required for our international student applicants. If you have questions, please contact the LeBow Graduate Office at
lebowgradenroll@drexel.edu
.
1. Visa
Students need to obtain an F1 student visa or a J1 student exchange visa for all on-campus programs.
Visit International Students & Scholars Services
Drexel graduate international students admissions information
2. Transcripts
International students must list all colleges, universities and graduate and professional schools attended. International academic transcripts must include a course-by-course evaluation from a recognized credential evaluation service. This evaluation must clearly outline the U.S. equivalency of each course and grade to ensure accurate assessment of your academic background.
NACES
is a trade association whose members provide credential evaluation services for individuals who have completed education outside the United States.
Drexel will accept official copies sent by the evaluating service or unofficial copies submitted by the applicant. If an unofficial copy is submitted, we will use that information to evaluate the application.
If the applicant is offered admission to Drexel and chooses to enroll, they must supply either/or an official transcript evaluation or official transcripts from the schools that were attended.
You may upload a copy of your evaluation with your application or have it sent directly to Drexel at
enroll@drexel.edu
.
Note:
Transcript evaluation waivers may be granted in situations where university admission operations is able to internally evaluate transcripts.
3.  English Proficiency Requirements
Applicants who have completed their undergraduate degree outside of the United States are required to provide proof of English proficiency as part of their application. We offer a variety of options for candidates to meet this requirement.
Approved English Proficiency Exams include:
Duolingo
IELTS
PTE Academic
Pearson English Express (PTE Express)
TOEFL iBT
Duolingo
The
Duolingo English Test
can be completed online, on-demand in under an hour.
The test must be taken on a computer with a camera and includes a proficiency score, video interview and writing sample.
Certified results are available within 48 hours of the test.
Drexel LeBow looks for a minimum score of 115 for admissions consideration.
TOEFL and IELTS Examinations
The TOEFL and IELTS exams are graduate business school admission tests that provide proof of English proficiency for international applicants.
For admission consideration, Drexel LeBow looks for an overall minimum TOEFL iBT score of 4.5.
Alternatively, an overall minimum IELTS score of 6.5 (with a minimum score of 6.5 in Speaking and Listening) is accepted.
The British Council is also offering the
IELTS Indicator exam
, which can be completed on your personal computer in lieu of the IELTS exam. Score requirements will remain the same.
Waiver Request
If you earned a bachelor’s degree from a recognized English-speaking country or have worked full time in the U.S. for five or more years, consult with your admissions advisor to see if your English proficiency requirement may be waived. Additional English proficiency waiver eligibility options are listed on the application.
4. I-20/DS-2019
International applicants must submit I-20/DS-2019 documents after admission and confirmation to the program. Visit Drexel’s
International Students and Scholars Services
to download the I-20 application.
5. Applicant Residency Location
International graduate students who will continue to reside in their home country may enroll in any online program. International graduate students who plan on studying in the United States must be enrolled in a program with on-campus instruction to be eligible for a visa.
Application documents not uploaded can be mailed to:
Postal Mail
Drexel University
Application Processing
PO Box 34789
Philadelphia, PA 19101
By Express Courier
(DHL, FedEx, UPS, etc.)
Drexel University
Application Processing
3141 Chestnut Street
Philadelphia, PA 19104-2876
Explore Graduate Business at LeBow
Drexel LeBow MBA
Specialized Master's Programs
Graduate Life at LeBow
Center for Career Readiness