URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/admissions/dual-degrees-admissions
TITLE: Dual Degree Admissions | Drexel University's LeBow College of Business

Undergraduate Dual Degree Programs
BA/BS/MBA Dual Degree
Drexel LeBow’s accelerated dual degree program provides academically qualified undergraduate students with the opportunity to earn a Bachelor of Science in Economics or in Business Administration with any declared major, and an MBA within five years of study.
Please note: Business and Engineering (BSBAE) is not available in this program.
Explore accelerated dual degree programs
BA/BS/MBA Eligibility
This rewarding academic program requires a two-tiered application process, which includes both undergraduate and graduate requirements, and all applicants must complete a BA / BS / MBA Accelerated Degree Application through the undergraduate BA / BS JD/ MBA advisor for each college.
Learn more about application requirements and eligibility
Graduate Dual Degree Programs
Graduate students interested in a dual degree program, should begin the admission process by meeting with their academic advisor.
Dual Graduate Degrees
Pair any two graduate degrees at LeBow. Students can share 15 credits between MBA and MS programs. The length of time to complete two degrees will vary by degree programs.
MBA Program
Specialized Master's Programs
Interdisciplinary Dual Degrees
Additionally, LeBow partners with the Kline School of Law, College of Medicine and Westphal College of Media Arts & Design and others to provide students with a diverse selection of interdisciplinary graduate programs. View available programs below:
JD/MBA
Our dual MBA program with the Kline School of Law is designed to address the growing needs of attorneys who need the business skills for managing their law practices and related organizations.
Learn more about JD/MBA admissions
MD/MBA
LeBow’s joint degree program with the College of Medicine equips physicians with the business skills necessary to handle issues of quality, access, cost-effectiveness and efficiency of health care services.
Learn more about MD/MBA admissions
MS in Television Management/MBA
This dual degree option allows Westphal students to integrate fundamental business concepts with the practice of television management and the new media industry.
Learn more about MS TV Management/MBA admissions
MSN in Nursing Leadership in Health Systems Management/MBA
Designed for part-time attendance by working nurses, the fully online MSN/MBA program prepares students for a senior leadership role in a fast-changing, increasingly demanding healthcare environment.
Learn more about MSN/MBA admissions
Physical Therapy DPT / MBA
The College of Nursing and Health Professions and the LeBow College of Business’ dual degree program will build the expertise of health professionals to function in private practice or administrative areas, by providing a strong understanding of business principles.
Learn more about DPT/MBA admissions
Explore Drexel LeBow Degrees and Programs
BS Business Administration
Undergraduate Economics Programs
Drexel LeBow MBA
Specialized Master's Programs