URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/admissions/executive-admissions/executive-dba
TITLE: Executive DBA Admissions Requirements at Drexel LeBow

Executive DBA Admissions
Apply Now
Fall 2026 Deadline:
April 30, 2026
Apply Now
Who Should Apply
In addition to a master’s degree and 10+ years of senior industry and/or leadership experience, applicants to the highly selective part-time Executive DBA program should possess exceptional skills and motivation.
Applicants should hold an undergraduate and graduate degree from an accredited institution. An undergraduate or graduate focus on business is not a requirement. Work experience is considered an indicator of preparedness for the program in addition to undergraduate and post undergraduate academic studies.
Application Process
In reviewing an applicant’s credentials, the Executive DBA admissions committee will consider:
Completed application form
Prior academic accomplishments: Official undergraduate and graduate transcripts. All course work taken prior to application will be reviewed. Applicants should have attained a minimum grade point average of 3.3 (on a 4.0 scale) for all graduate course work completed.
Standardized tests are
not
required
Essay and personal statement: The online application will provide direction.
Letters of recommendation: Two letters of recommendation must be submitted in support of the application. Applicants are strongly encouraged to seek recommendations from professionals who can assess the applicant’s likelihood of success in an executive doctoral program.
International Student Exception
The Executive DBA Program is part-time and
not eligible
for an F-1 student visa sponsorship. However, we welcome applicants who already have appropriate visas or existing status in the United States that may allow them to study in part-time programs. Plan early, do your research, and seek advice from a trusted immigration attorney to ensure that your immigration status does not prevent you from fully benefiting from your student experience at Drexel.
This
infographic
can help you determine if your current immigration status allows you to study in the U.S.
Tuition and Financing
Executive DBA tuition includes access to the full array of Drexel graduate student resources, including Drexel Executive network events, books and instructional materials, hotel stays during all on-campus immersive residencies and more. Because the Drexel DBA spans ten terms over three calendar years, employers have the opportunity to contribute and deduct more than with typical two-year programs.
Executive DBA tuition costs and scholarship opportunities
Explore Executive DBA at LeBow
Executive DBA
Doctorate of Business Administration Plan of Study
DBA Program Delivery Format
Corporate and Executive Education