URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/admissions
TITLE: Admission Information | Drexel LeBow

Your passion doesn’t need to be found. It needs to be unleashed.
Our admission team is here to help students every step of the way and ensure they determine the path that’s right for them. We strive to ensure our student body reflects the diversity of the world — people of all backgrounds with varying interests and perspectives — whether they are seeking their place in the world or determined to change it.
Explore LeBow Admissions
Regardless of a student’s level of experience — whether they are just out of high school, ready to further their expertise at the graduate or professional level or looking to enhance their skills and stay current in the field — a Drexel education will position them for success and help them achieve their goals, both personally and professionally.
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Dual Degree Admissions
Certificate Admissions
Executive Admissions
PhD Admissions
Find Your Program
99%
Undergraduates receiving some type of financial aid
$71,307
Average starting salary for undergraduates
One year out, class of 2024
92%
Master’s/MBA students employed
One year out, class of 2024
Financing Your Education
Determining how to finance education should not stand in the way of pursuing lifelong goals. Our team works to provide every student with all they need to know about the different types of financial aid available to them. An affordable LeBow education is within reach.
Financial aid for undergraduate students
Financial aid for graduate students
Chat with a Student Ambassador
Our
Graduate Student Services Ambassadors
are here to share their experiences about academics, experiential learning opportunities, living in Philadelphia and much more.
Visit Drexel LeBow
There’s no better way for students to learn about Drexel LeBow than to see for themselves. Join us for an online or on-campus visit to experience the Drexel difference.
Visit Drexel LeBow
Attend an Admissions Event
From in-person or virtual one-on-ones to information sessions, events and hot topic presentations delivered by faculty or panel discussions, our admissions team strives to connect with each potential student to answer any questions they may have, even the ones they don’t know to ask.
Undergraduate visits, tours and events
Opportunities for High School Students and Educators
Graduate upcoming admissions events
Executive MBA admissions events
Executive DBA admissions events