URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/admissions/undergraduate-admissions/undergraduate-admission-standards
TITLE: Undergraduate Admission Standards | Drexel University's LeBow College of Business

Individual Program Standards
At Drexel LeBow, we prepare leaders through our rigorous and experience-based business education. To set up our students for success, the College’s various programs have their own mathematics and science requirements and prerequisites in addition to the University’s standards for admission.
Business Programs
Drexel LeBow’s
undergraduate business programs
require three years of mathematics (algebra I and II, and geometry) and at least one year of a laboratory science (biology, chemistry or physics).
Charles D. Close School of Entrepreneurship
Students applying to
undergraduate entrepreneurship programs
in the
Close School
must have three years of mathematics (algebra I and II, and geometry) and at least one year of a laboratory science (biology, chemistry or physics).
School of Economics
Students applying to
undergraduate economic programs
in the
School of Economics
must have three years of mathematics (algebra I and II, and geometry) and at least one year of a laboratory science (biology, chemistry or physics).
Business and Engineering
Students applying to the
Business and Engineering
program must have four years of mathematics (algebra I and II, geometry and trigonometry) and two years of a laboratory science (biology, chemistry or physics).
BA / BS / MBA Program Standards
This rewarding
accelerated dual degree program
is designed to help you earn your MBA in the same amount of time it takes to earn a typical undergraduate degree. It requires a two-tiered application process, which includes both undergraduate and graduate requirements. All applicants must complete a BA / BS / MBA accelerated degree application through the undergraduate BA / BS/ MBA advisor for each college.
BA / BS / MBA Application Requirements
If you are applying as a first-year student directly from high school, you must:
Have a high school GPA of at least 3.5
If you are applying as a current Drexel student, you must:
Have a cumulative GPA of at least 3.0
Be within the credit range of 90 to 120 credits
Learn more about how to apply to the accelerated dual degree program
Explore Undergraduate Business at LeBow
Degrees and Programs
Life at LeBow
Drexel Co-op
Dornsife Office for Experiential Learning