URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/admissions/graduate-admissions/international-applicant-resources
TITLE: International Applicant Resources | Drexel University's LeBow College of Business

Drexel LeBow welcomes students and scholars from more than 120 countries, bringing together people from diverse backgrounds to contribute to our community — whether that’s around the corner or around the world.
International students at Drexel LeBow have access to numerous resources, opportunities and real-world experiences.
STEM-Designated Programs and OPT
With several STEM-designated programs available, F-1 students can build technical and mathematical skills to apply in real-world settings.
Student Support
Drexel’s International Students and Scholars Services Office is here to help on immigration, cultural, financial, academic and personal concerns.
World-Renowned Research Faculty
Designated an R1 research institution, Drexel LeBow faculty are at the forefront of their respective fields in researching and solving complex business issues.
Student Organizations
With countless student organizations, it’s easy to find one that unites students through a shared cultural background, educational focus, athletic endeavor and more.
Graduate STEM Degrees
LeBow’s STEM-designated master’s degrees, designated by the Department of Homeland Security, offer a comprehensive business education through a blend of interdisciplinary technical, quantitative and professional skills with the added benefit of participating in unique experiential learning opportunities.
Students will need to obtain an F1 student visa or a J1 student exchange visa.
Explore our graduate STEM degrees
Learn more about F1 and J1 visas
Admissions Information
Please review the admission requirements for international applicants and application deadlines before submitting your application.
Admissions Requirements for International Applicants
Graduate Application Deadlines
Ask a Graduate Ambassador
Our
Graduate Ambassadors
are here to share their experiences about academics, experiential learning opportunities, living in Philadelphia and much more.