URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/admissions/executive-admissions/executive-mba
TITLE: Executive MBA Admissions | Drexel University's LeBow College of Business

Executive MBA Admissions
Apply Now
Application Deadlines:
Summer 2026:
Monday, June 1, 2026
Fall 2026:
Saturday, Aug. 29, 2026
Apply: Summer 2026
Apply: Fall 2026
Who Should Apply to Drexel’s Executive MBA?
Applicants to the
Drexel Executive MBA
program must meet critical professional criteria to be considered for the program. In addition to having a minimum of seven years of progressive professional experience, applicants must have increasing organizational responsibilities.
Drexel LeBow’s Executive MBA students have a wide range of experience from working in major corporations to small entrepreneurial ventures. Applicants may come from the private and public sectors as well as a broad range of industries such as pharmaceuticals, healthcare, medicine, financial services, IT, engineering, telecom, manufacturing and law. Having a diverse and multi-talented cohort enriches the Executive MBA experience.
Key factors analyzed are:
Current position within organization
Career progression and accomplishments
Potential to contribute effectively to the program
Commitment to the program
Application for Admission Checklist
Completed online application
Current résumé or curricula vitae in PDF format
All official undergraduate and graduate college transcripts (please have your institution’s registrar send an official copy)
One professional letter of recommendation from a supervisor or colleague
Self-assessment essay
Which personal goals, conditions or career aspirations motivate you to pursue an Executive MBA at Drexel?
What do you expect to achieve through this program?
The GMAT is not required for admission to the Drexel Executive MBA program
Tuition and Financing
The 16-month Drexel EMBA tuition includes regular one-on-one executive coaching sessions, books and instructional materials, experiential residencies including one international residency and more. Because the EMBA runs over over three fiscal years, employers have the opportunity to contribute and deduct more than with typical two-year programs.
EMBA tuition costs and scholarship opportunities
Explore Executive Business at LeBow
Drexel Executive MBA
Executive MBA Program Delivery and Details
Executive MBA Plan of Study
Corporate and Executive Education Alumni