URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/admissions/graduate
TITLE: Graduate Admissions | Drexel University's LeBow College of Business

Your journey to Drexel LeBow starts here.
Whether you’re ready to apply or still exploring your options, you’ll find everything you need right here — from application requirements and deadlines to one-on-one advising with our graduate enrollment team. Interested in learning about our MBA, MS and MHA programs? Visit
Graduate Programs
to explore your options.
Request Information
Real Experience. Real Outcomes.
92%
of graduate students employed
one year out, class of 2024
$91,528
average salary
one year out, class of 2024
Application Requirements and Resources
Graduate Application Requirements
Graduate Application Deadlines
International Applicant Resources
Transfer Credit and Course Waivers
We're Here to Help
Request Information
Interested in a Drexel LeBow MBA or master's degree? Connect with our graduate admissions team for personalized program details and application guidance.
Schedule a One-on-One
Do you have specific questions for one of Drexel LeBow’s graduate enrollment counselors? Schedule your one-on-one admission information session today.
Ask a Graduate Ambassador
Want to learn about life at LeBow from a current student? Our Graduate Student Services Ambassadors are here to share their LeBow experiences with you.
Graduate Enrollment Staff
LeBow's graduate enrollment professionals are here to help guide you through the application process.
Experience Drexel LeBow
The best way to find your fit is to see LeBow in action. Attend a virtual or in-person admissions event or sit in on a graduate class to get a firsthand look at life as a LeBow student.
Attend an Event
Tuition, Fees and Scholarships
We’re dedicated to making graduate education at LeBow accessible for students from all walks of life. Tuition and fees vary by degree program — visit Drexel Central for
graduate tuition and fees
or
financial aid information
.
Scholarships at LeBow
The MHA program provided the skills I needed to lead more effectively and the knowledge of financial and budgeting components to manage resources responsibly. It prepared me to improve quality and outcomes and to advance into higher leadership roles.
Lisa  Scott   ’25
Nurse Manager
Penn Medicine
Watch Lisa 's story
Explore Our Programs
Drexel LeBow MBA
Specialized Master's Programs