URL: https://www.lebow.drexel.edu/companies-careers/recruit-talent/recruit-lebow-undergraduates
TITLE: Recruit LeBow Undergraduates | Drexel University's LeBow College of Business

LeBow’s
Center for Career Readiness
connects employers with Drexel University’s undergraduate business students to facilitate employment. Through networking events, workshops, panel discussions and other opportunities, students have the opportunity to market their academic accomplishments, their professional experience and their abilities to potential employers.
Current employers attest to LeBow students’ leadership, academic preparedness and ambition, and they often hire students to join their ranks following graduation because of the mutually beneficial experience. LeBow students are highly motivated, well educated, adept at teamwork and eager to work in a professional environment.
Why Recruit LeBow Students
Our students gain exceptional experience and knowledge through rigorous coursework and the numerous
experiential learning opportunities
they receive at LeBow. Case competitions, business simulations and business consulting classes and experiential courses take students out of the classroom by blending theory and practice and promoting engagement with the University, industry and the community.
Most students participate in Drexel’s recognized
co-op program
, which provides students with up to 18 months of relevant work experience upon graduation. Students are entrusted with projects vital to the day-to-day functioning of the workplace so they are able to hit the ground running at their first professional position. Unlike most universities, Drexel is run on a quarter system, which further prepares students for the fast-paced business world.
Post a Job
Posting jobs is a simple way to gain access to the talent at LeBow. You begin by accessing
Handshake
, our online board for anything non co-op (i.e. full-time and part-time jobs, etc.). All current students and recent alumni have access to view and apply to jobs.
Recruit Undergraduate Talent
Top Recruiters
Whether it’s for a co-op job, an internship or a full-time position, employers in the region seek out our students and alums to work in their respective companies. Through coursework that aligns with the business environment and experiential education opportunities throughout their career at Drexel, LeBow students are poised to enter the workforce.
LeBow Recruiters Sampling
BlackRock
Cigna
Deloitte & Touche
EY (formerly Ernst & Young)
KPMG
Johnson & Johnson
NRG Energy
PECO / Exelon
PricewaterhouseCoopers
SAP America Inc.
Susquehanna International Group
Vanguard
On-Campus Recruiting
LeBow has numerous opportunities for employers to visit campus and meet our students. By participating in campus events, you will be able to interact with students who are eager to learn about and work at your company. We will work with you to identify and recruit talented LeBow undergraduates and customize a strategy to find top talent to fit your individual needs. Connect with students in a variety of ways:
Hire a co-op, intern or full-time employee
Campus networking events, workshops and panel discussions
Resume and cover letter critique days
Mock interview days
Information sessions
On-campus recruiting
Career fair
Becoming involved in our student organizations as a presenter is also a great way to meet students, especially if your organization hires students from a particular discipline or field.
Business Student Organizations
LeBow students get involved, build their network and enhance their college experience by joining business-focused student organizations.
Undergraduate student organizations