URL: https://business.uoregon.edu/admissions/new-student-information
TITLE: Information for Newly Admitted Students | Lundquist College of Business

You've applied and been admitted to the University of Oregon. Congratulations and welcome.
As you prepare to embark on your educational and career journey, the following is an overview of what's next. Keep in mind that undergraduate and graduate programs have their own unique set of timelines and materials for newly admitted students. So find the program below that applies to you and follow the links for more new student information related to your particular program.
New Undergraduate Students
Confirm Your Decision
As a newly admitted undergraduate student, the first thing you want to do is to
confirm your decision to enroll
by accepting your offer of admission and paying or deferring your deposit. It's a simple three step process.
Confirm Your Decision
Orientations
Next, you will want to make plans to attend
IntroDUCKtion
, the UO’s orientation program for all incoming freshmen and transfer students. All first-year students are expected to attend an in-person
IntroDUCKtion
session and complete orientation community course requirements to maintain their registration eligibility.
You'll also want to be sure to add
Week of Welcome
to your calendar, which occurs every year a week before classes begin in the fall term.
Week of Welcome
includes a number of activities and programs so students can become familiar with the university’s array of resources, meet new people, and make new friends.
Go To IntroDUCKtion
Attend Week of Welcome
Housing
You'll also want to be sure to
explore housing options
and
register for housing on campus
. Be sure to check out our
Business Academic Residential Community (Business ARC)
, where you'll live and learn with students who share your passions, interests, and identities. Students living in the Business ARC take courses together and connect with professors and advisors who support them socially and academically. The Business ARC provides practice rooms and maker spaces to help you succeed.
Register for Housing
Explore the Business ARC
Additional Resources
We've also put together some
additional information and links to help guide and prepare
you to register for courses, claim your DuckID, download software, meet with our advisors, and more.
View Additional Resources
New Graduate Students
Each of our graduate programs has different timelines, orientations, and procedures for newly admitted students. Below you will find a links to detailed new student information for each program. In addition,
our admissions officers
will be happy to work with you to guide you to additional resources about campus, Eugene, and Portland, as well as housing options. They can also connect you with
current graduate students
, as well as other incoming students in your program.
You will also want to make sure to follow these links for information about how to confirm your admission and to find the dates for your program's orientation.
New MBA Student Info
New SPM Student Info
New MSF Student Info
New MAcc Student Info
New Executive MBA Student Info