URL: https://business.uoregon.edu/admissions/info-sessions
TITLE: Admission Information Sessions | Lundquist College of Business

Attend one of our information sessions to learn more about our programs, get your questions answered, and glean application tips.
We hold information sessions for anyone interested in attending one of our
graduate and undergraduate programs
. These information sessions offer insights into preparing the best application possible, as well as give you a chance to meet
current students
and
admissions officers
. Info sessions can be virtual, in-person, or both. Some are even designed as day-long preview days, giving you the chance to sit in on classes.
Upcoming Information Sessions
May
4
Ask A Duck: Inside the Master of Science in Management
4:00 p.m.
Thinking about theMaster of Science in Management (MSM) program at Oregon? Join Ask a Duck: Inside the Oregon MSM for a live Q&A session designed for prospective students to...
Ask A Duck: Inside the Master of Science in Management
May 4
4:00–4:45 p.m.
This is a virtual event.
Thinking about the
Master of Science in Management (MSM)
program at Oregon? Join Ask a Duck: Inside the Oregon MSM for a live Q&A session designed for prospective students to connect with current MSM students. Learn about the academic experience, cohort culture, career preparation, and day-to-day life in the program from those living it now.
The next MSM application deadline is May 15, 2026.
Register
May
6
Crafting a Competitive Master of Science in Finance Application
11:00 a.m.
Join admission representatives for a brief presentation about the one-year Master of Science in Finance (MSF) program, followed by a Q&A session to ensure you are...
Crafting a Competitive Master of Science in Finance Application
May 6
11:00–11:30 a.m.
This is a virtual event.
Join admission representatives for a brief presentation about the one-year
Master of Science in Finance
(MSF) program, followed by a Q&A session to ensure you are prepared to submit a competitive application for the final deadline on May 22. The MSF program is open to students from all undergraduate majors.
This session offers a unique opportunity to learn about the MSF program, admission requirements, and the application process.
Register
May
8
Oregon MBA Spring Preview Day
1:00 p.m.
Join us on-campus for an immersive experience at the Oregon MBA Spring Preview Day!
This event is designed to give you a peek into the Oregon MBA...
Oregon MBA Spring Preview Day
May 8
1:00–4:00 p.m.
Lillis Business Complex
Join us
on-campus
for an immersive experience at the
Oregon MBA
Spring Preview Day!
This event is designed to give you a peek into the Oregon MBA experience! You'll get an insider's look at the Oregon MBA, explore program specializations, tour the iconic Lillis Business Complex, and meet with current students, faculty, academic advisors and admissions advisors.
Bonus:
The Oregon track and field team will close out its regular-season home schedule with Friday's
Oregon Twilight
at historic Hayward Field starting at 4:00 p.m. General admission tickets are just $5!
Staying the night?
Book your stay soon. UO offers
discounted rates
at three local hotels.
Register
May
12
MS in Management Application Masterclass
9:00 a.m.
Join our 30-minute webinar for insider tips on applying to the University of Oregon's Master of Science in Management (MSM) program before the next application deadline:...
MS in Management Application Masterclass
May 12
9:00–9:30 a.m.
This is a virtual event.
Join our 30-minute webinar for insider tips on applying to the University of Oregon's
Master of Science in Management (MSM)
program before the next application deadline: May 15! Our admissions team will guide you through the application process, covering requirements, statement of purpose, and recommendations. At the end, our admissions team will have time to answer any questions you may have about the application process.
Register
May
13
Oregon MBA Application Masterclass
9:00 a.m.
Join our 45-minute webinar for insider tips on applying to the Oregon MBA before the 2026 final scholarship deadline on May 15! Our admissions team will guide you through the...
Oregon MBA Application Masterclass
May 13
9:00–9:45 a.m.
This is a virtual event.
Join our 45-minute webinar for insider tips on applying to the
Oregon MBA
before the 2026 final scholarship deadline on May 15! Our admissions team will guide you through the application process, covering requirements, statement of purpose, and recommendations. Discover how to showcase your strengths and stand out as a competitive applicant and take the first step towards your MBA journey!
Register
View All Upcoming Info Sessions
Information Sessions by Program
You can view additional information sessions for the program you are interested in using the following links:
Undergraduate Info Sessions
Oregon MBA Info Sessions
MS in Sports Product Management Info Sessions
MS in Finance Info Sessions
MS in Management Info Sessions
Master of Accounting Info Sessions
Oregon Executive MBA Info Sessions
Request More Information
Contact an Admissions Officer