URL: https://business.uoregon.edu/admissions
TITLE: Admissions | Lundquist College of Business

Admissions
Studying business here can take you most anywhere you want to go.
How To Apply
|
Scholarships and Funding
|
International Students
|
Visit
|
Talk to a Student
|
Admissions Officers
|
Info Sessions
|
Request Info
|
New Students
Join the flock.
At the Lundquist College of Business, we offer concentrations and specializations that cover the world of business, including entrepreneurship, sports business, finance, marketing, accounting, and operations and business analytics.
Attend an Info Session
Talk to an Admissions Officer
Request Info
How to Apply
Undergraduate
Build your ideas into a small business—or a small business empire—at the Lundquist College of Business, one of the leading undergraduate business programs on the West Coast.
Standard Admission
Direct Admission
3+1 Scholars
Add a Business Minor
Explore Business Majors
Graduate
Elevate your career, break into a new line of work, take your company to the next level, or educate the next generation—the Lundquist College of Business offers a flexible array of graduate programs to propel your journey.
The Oregon MBA
(Eugene)
Oregon Executive MBA
(Portland)
MS Sports Product Management
(Portland)
MS Finance
(Eugene)
MS Management
(Eugene)
Master of Accounting
(Eugene)
PhD
(Eugene)
Compare Graduate Programs
Lundquist Admissions
Visit the Lundquist Admissions office and meet with a recruiter to explore your next steps, discover resources, and reach your potential. Ask questions about which program is right for you, get tips on how to prepare the best application, or gain insights about Eugene, Portland, and our campuses.
Meet Our Admissions Team
Scholarships and Funding
A wide variety of scholarships are available both within the Lundquist College and at the University of Oregon as a whole.
Find Financial Aid
What's it like to be a Duck?
One of the best ways to learn about the University of Oregon community is to talk with current students. Our volunteer student ambassadors are available to answer questions about their degree programs, chosen specializations, student clubs, moving to the area, life on campus, hands-on learning, the Duck network, and much more.
Connect with a Student
Our Welcoming Community
Whether you're a new, current, or prospective student, the Lundquist College boasts a variety of experiences that foster connections and help students feel welcome and connected.
Business Academic Residential Community (BizARC)
Student Clubs and Organizations
Diversity and Inclusion
Start Your Journey Here
We are a top business school with a unique mission and vision that draws strength from our links to the Pacific Rim and the distinctive qualities of Oregon culture: innovation, sustainability, active lifestyles, financial stewardship, and respect for individuality and diversity within an increasingly global community. Situated in the heart of the Pacific Northwest, our campuses are immersed in nature and innovation, and surrounded by top industries.
Visit Us
Take a Virtual Tour
Start Your Journey Here
We are a top business school with a unique mission and vision that draws strength from our links to the Pacific Rim and the distinctive qualities of Oregon culture: innovation, sustainability, active lifestyles, financial stewardship, and respect for individuality and diversity within an increasingly global community. Situated in the heart of the Pacific Northwest, our campuses are immersed in nature and innovation, and surrounded by top industries.
Visit Us
Take a Virtual Tour
International Students
The Lundquist College of Business supports the success of all our students, and we recognize that international students face unique challenges and requirements when applying. Discover how we can help you navigate the process and answer any questions you may have.
Undergraduate International Admissions
International Student and Scholar Services
Division of Graduate Studies Resources
More Resources
Career Readiness
The Lundquist College has a multitude of tools and resources in place to help students navigate their career exploration, develop professional and career search skills, and build a portfolio of work experiences. In addition, the college offers a hands-on-learning approach to business education which students work on real projects for real companies, gaining first-hand experience in their careers before they even graduate.
Discover Hands-On Opportunities
Explore Career Resources
Get Started
New Student Info
Once admitted to the University of Oregon and the Lundquist College, you will want to make plans to attend IntroDucktion, as well as learn about our experiences designed specifically for first-year students, such as our residential community (BizARC) where residents live and take classes together, and the Lundquist Flight School mentoring program.
Explore the Business Academic Residential Community (BizARC)
Discover Lundquist Flight School
Register for IntroDucktion
Additional Resources
Contact Us
Lundquist Admissions
1208 University of Oregon
Eugene, OR 97403
lundquistadmissions@uoregon.edu
541-346-3306 | Lillis 145
UO Office of Admissions
For undergraduate admissions and general University of Oregon information,
visit the UO Office of Admissions online,
call (800) BE-A-DUCK (800-232-3825), or email
uoadmit@uoregon.edu
.