URL: https://business.uoregon.edu/admissions/scholarships-funding
TITLE: Scholarships and Funding | Lundquist College of Business

Every year the Lundquist College of Business awards more than $2 million in scholarships and funding to students in our undergraduate and graduate programs.
Funding varies by program and may include merit-based scholarships, need-based aid, graduate employment, and more.
Quick Links:
UO Office of Financial Aid
University-Wide Scholarships
Financial Aid Application (FAFSA)
Work Study
Campus Jobs & Internships
Undergraduate
Prospective Students
Prospective undergraduate students and students newly admitted to the University of Oregon can apply for
general university scholarships
through the
UO Office of Financial Aid and Scholarships
. Students are encouraged to meet with
financial aid counselor
to explore funding options, get guidance on applying for aid, and more.
Students also become eligible to apply for additional scholarships administered by the Lundquist College of Business the February before their sophomore year (direct admits only) or junior year (standard admission).
Current Students
All Lundquist majors can apply for
Lundquist College of Business scholarships
. With one application, students are considered for all available scholarships administered by the college. Accounting majors have access to a
second pool of scholarships through the college's School of Accounting
, which requires a second application. Scholarships are typically awarded to students who will be admitted to the full major by the following fall term. Award amounts generally range from $2,000 to $6,000, depending on available funding.
Note: College-administered scholarships are only available to currently enrolled students and are not available to students newly admitted to the University of Oregon.
Current students can also explore financial aid options with the
UO Office of Student Financial Aid and Scholarships
.
Prospective Student Scholarships
Current Student Scholarships
Financial Aid Office
Graduate Programs
The following scholarships and funding opportunities are available to all UO graduate students.
UO Scholarships & Funding
UO Division of Graduate Studies Awards
UO Financial Aid
UO International Student Scholarships
UO Future Stewards Award
Graduate Employment (GE) Opportunities
Additional Resources
Work Study
Oregon Tribal Student Grant
Federal Grants and Loans (FAFSA)
Private Lender Loans
Program-Specific Scholarships
Browse more scholarships and funding opportunities for UO graduate students, based on program.
Oregon MBA
MS Finance
MS Management
Oregon Executive MBA
MS Sports Product Management
Master of Accounting
Financial Support for PhD Students