URL: https://business.uoregon.edu/admissions/visit
TITLE: Visit the Lundquist College and UO | Lundquist College of Business

Being here is one of the reasons to come here. Whether applying to our undergraduate or graduate programs, we encourage you to visit the Lundquist College of Business and the University of Oregon to really experience all the campus has to offer.
To get started,
schedule a campus visit
.
During your visit, be sure to spend some time in the
Lillis Business Complex
, which set new standards for environmental design and serves as a case study in sustainability. The building is LEED certified by the U.S. Green Building Council at the silver level and features one of the pioneering and largest uses of photovoltaic solar glass in the world. A 15-foot University of Oregon logo was placed on the building for ESPN GameDay in 2012. Since that time, the building had become the most photographed on campus.
Prospective graduate students can also
reach out to our admissions officers
in Eugene and Portland. They would be happy to schedule a visit and give you a tour at the dates and times you are available.
Schedule a Campus Tour
Explore the Lillis Complex
Undergraduate Info Session and Tour
The Lundquist College of Business also offers its
Duck Guides
program, which provides information sessions regarding undergraduate academics, pre-business requirements, services at the college, and a tour of the
Lillis Business Complex
. Duck Guides are
undergraduate student ambassadors
trained to give presentations and tours of the Lillis Business Complex. Duck Guides provide information sessions and tours during fall, winter, and spring academic terms—except during finals week and holidays. The information session and tour take approximately 30 minutes.
Schedule a Tour
Virtual Tours
If you cannot yet make it to campus or if you want to prepare for your in-person campus visit, we also provide virtual tours. Virtual tours cannot replace experiencing the University of Oregon campus in-person, but they are a great resource for orienting yourself and giving you a preview of things you won't want to miss when you visit.
Be sure to also check out the virtual tours of our environmentally friendly
Lillis Business Complex
in Eugene or our
Portland facility
.
UO College Tour
Lundquist College Virtual Tours
Directions and Maps
To help plan your visit, you can explore our Lillis Business Complex and Portland location pages to find maps, floor plans, building hours, and additional information about our facilities. Our Portland facility is home to our Sports Product Management and Oregon Executive MBA programs and serves as a hub for the Lundquist College of Business to connect with the Portland business community through master's programs, executive education, events, seminars, workshops, and more.
Lillis Complex Maps and Info
Portland Location Maps and Info