URL: https://business.uoregon.edu/programs/master-accounting/apply/application-process
TITLE: Master of Accounting Application Process | Lundquist College of Business

Application Overview
UO Graduate Admission Application and Application Fee
Resume
Statement of Purpose
Unofficial Transcripts
GMAT (optional for select candidates)
Proof of English Language Proficiency
Interview (if invited)
Ready to Apply?
Start Application
Questions?
Email Admissions
Your application will be reviewed once it’s complete and all required materials listed below have been received. You’ll get an email confirmation when your application is complete. Admission decisions are typically made within 30–45 days after that.
A completed application consists of
UO Graduate Admission Application and Application Fee
The major to select is:
Accounting, MActg
Applicants are required to pay the non-refundable application fee ($70.00 U.S. applicants or $90.00 international applicants) at the time the UO Graduate Admission Online Application is submitted. If you decide to apply to a different year or start term that is outside of the current academic year, you will need to create a new username and pay the non-refundable application fee again.
Note:
Application fee waivers are not provided by the Lundquist College of Business. Domestic need-based candidates may still request an application fee waiver from the Division of Graduate Studies within their Master of Accounting application. The Master of Accounting program will waive the graduate admission online application fee for 3+1 Accounting Scholars.
Resume
Resumes must include the month and year for position duration (for example, "January 2018–October 2020: Account Representative").
Statement of Purpose
Please explain how the Master of Accounting (MAcc) program will build on your experiences to date and will further your career goals. Tell us not only what you hope to gain from the MAcc program, but also what you will bring to the program and to the Lundquist College of Business learning community.  500-750 words or less.
Unofficial Transcripts from All College-Level Institutions Attended
Candidates are only required to submit official transcripts to the Office of the Registrar if they are offered admission to the program and accept their offer of admission. To learn more, visit the
UO Graduate School website
.
Degree in Progress:
If you have not yet finished your degree at the time of application, you must still submit your in-progress "unofficial" transcript.
International Candidates - Degree Certificate:
If your degree and degree award date are not posted on the transcript, as is the case with most international transcripts, you will need to include the related degree certificate with your transcript.
View additional transcript details for international applicants.
To check on the status of official transcripts/degree certificates received by the University of Oregon, please call the registrar at 541-346-2935.
Valid GMAT or GMAT Focus Score Report (Optional)
MAcc candidates may elect to apply with or without a GMAT or GMAT Focus Edition test score. Candidates with less than a 3.25 GPA on a 4.0 scale are encouraged to submit a valid GMAT or GMAT Focus Edition test score. Test scores must be from within the last 5 years from the time of application submission. Official scores will only be required if admitted to the program.
Submitting official GMAT scores:
You can submit your official GMAT score report by selecting the GMAT business school program name Charles H. Lundquist College of Business – MBA Program (code = KSQ-5N-27).
English Language Proficiency
Applicants whose native language is not English must fulfill one of the following additional language proficiency requirements.
Valid TOEFL (IBT): 96 minimum score
Valid IELTS (Academic): 7.5 overall band minimum score
Valid Duolingo English Test (DET): 130 minimum score
Degree from qualifying country: Submit degree transcripts proving that you received a bachelor's degree or higher from a regionally accredited U.S. institution or from an institution in the following countries: Australia, Canada (excluding Quebec), Ireland, New Zealand, or the United Kingdom.
"Native language" is defined as the primary language you spoke at home since birth and the language you spoke and wrote as your primary language in school beginning at age five and continuing through the rest of your education. Please note, English being the national language of your native country does not automatically mean English is your native language.  Candidates are only required to submit official TOEFL or IELTS scores if they are admitted to the program. A candidate cannot respond to their offer of admission until official scores are received.
Submitting Official TOEFL or IELTS Academic Score Report:
The score report is valid for 2 years only. ETS must send a TOEFL score report to the University of Oregon, Institutional Code: 4846. It can take up to 30 days from the time of your request for official ETS scores to be available in the UO system. Plan your request so that ETS scores are available prior to application deadlines.
View Additional Requirements for International Applicants
Interview
Select candidates may be invited to an interview as a final step of the application process. Interviews are held in-person or virtually.