URL: https://business.uoregon.edu/programs/undergraduate/apply/scholarships-funding
TITLE: Undergraduate Scholarships

Many scholarships are available to current and incoming students and to those who are already attending the University of Oregon.
You should always start by exploring the plethora of scholarship and funding information available from the
UO Office of Financial Aid
. Scholarships are based on merit, need, or a combination of both, and do not need to be repaid after graduation. Whatever your situation, scholarships can be a vital piece in funding your education.
To be eligible for need-based scholarships at UO, you must file the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
or the Renewal FAFSA. The government uses this form to calculate an estimated family contribution (EFC). The financial aid office subtracts your EFC from your cost of attendance to determine your financial need.
Beyond
general university scholarships
, students are encouraged to explore scholarships that can be found through churches, high schools, and private organizations. You can learn about these opportunities by using free web searches like
Fastweb
. You may also want to be in direct contact with large companies in your area, your parent's employer, or other organizations with whom you have a connection. In some cases, you may not have to be directly associated with an organization to qualify for a scholarship.
You can read more about
UO’s scholarships
and how to
find other sources
or visit the Financial Aid Office in Oregon Hall to
speak with a financial aid counselor
.
Explore University Scholarships
Visit UO Office of Financial Aid
Lundquist College Scholarships
In addition to university scholarships, the Lundquist College of Business is pleased to be able to offer more than $1.3 million in scholarships to current business and accounting students thanks to the generosity of donors and alumni.
Students become eligible to apply for these additional scholarships administered by the Lundquist College of Business during their sophomore year (direct admits only) or junior year (standard admission). The following provides a general overview of the types of scholarships available through the college, as well as links for exploring criteria, preparing materials, and our scholarship application forms:
Lundquist Scholarships
Both current business administration and accounting majors are eligible to apply.
Scholarship awards typically range between $2,000 and $6,000, depending upon available funding.
These scholarships are typically awarded to current students who will be admitted to the major by the next fall term. Direct-admit students become eligible in their sophomore, junior, and senior years.
Apply for Lundquist Scholarships
Accounting Scholarships
Awarded through the School of Accounting, these scholarships are only available to accounting students.
Scholarship awards typically range between $1,000 and $10,000, depending upon available funding.
To qualify, students must registered as accounting majors or a student in our Master of Accounting (MAcc) program for the year in which the scholarship will be awarded.
Apply for Accounting Scholarships
Additional Financial Resources
Academically qualified, Federal Pell Grant–eligible Oregon residents may have their UO tuition and fees paid with a combination of federal, state, and university funds through the
PathwayOregon program.
In addition, Under Oregon's House Bill 2787, certain students from Oregon who intend to become U.S. citizens may qualify for resident tuition rates through the
Tuition Equity program
.
More about Pathway Oregon
More about Tuition Equity
The UO Office of Financial Aide also provides an extensive list of the types of aid available to students. Examples include
Scholarships
Loans
Work study
Grants
See More Aid Types