URL: https://business.uoregon.edu/programs/undergraduate/apply/standard-admission
TITLE: Undergrad Apply to Major

Students seeking standard admission will need to complete the lower division core and supporting coursework, meet the GPA requirements, and apply to become a business or accounting major around the time they complete 90 credits.
Step 1:
Apply to the University of Oregon
.
If you want to pursue an undergraduate degree in business at the University of Oregon, the first step is to apply to the university through the UO Office of Admissions and select “pre-business” as your major. You can do this as early as the beginning of your senior year in high school.
Step 2:
Complete lower-division business course and GPA requirements
.
Students who achieve a 3.0 cumulative GPA (including their transfer work) as well as a 3.0 in their lower division business core will qualify for guaranteed admission, pending successful completion of the online application. Don't have a 3.0 GPA? See instructions for admission by holistic review below.
Step 3:
Apply for full business or accounting major status
.
In the term you completes your
lower division business requirements
, you should apply for admission to the Lundquist College of Business as a full major. You can major in
business administration
or
accounting
with the option to
concentrate your degree in select focus areas
.
Pre-business students can gain admission to the full business or accounting major through one of two ways:
Guaranteed Admission:
Students who achieve a 3.0 cumulative GPA (including their transfer work) as well as a 3.0 in their lower division core will qualify for guaranteed admission, pending successful completion of the
online application (essays, cover letter, resume, transcripts)
.
Holistic Review
:
Students who have demonstrated a strong academic record—but do not meet the 3.0 GPA requirements—may also submit an application to compete for admission. This is a competitive selection process and students should be strategic in developing their
holistic qualifications
. An admissions committee thoroughly reviews applications and considers the student’s academic record, as well as their strengths in the holistic review criteria.
Prepare to Apply for Full Major Status
Attention:
Current UO students who are not pre-business majors must first
declare the pre-business major
before they apply to full major status.