URL: https://business.uoregon.edu/programs/undergraduate/apply/tuition
TITLE: Undergraduate Tuition and Fees | Lundquist College of Business

The Oregon Guarantee provides each University of Oregon student a fixed tuition rate for up to five years.
A college education is a big investment in your future. We want all University of Oregon students to be able to plan financially for that investment. That’s why we’re providing the Oregon Guarantee. When you choose the UO, the tuition rate you pay will stay the same for up to five years—no increases, no surprises.
The Oregon Guarantee
The Oregon Guarantee is mandatory and applies to all freshmen and transfers who first enroll on or after summer term 2020. The guarantee covers many of the costs of attendance* at the UO, but not all:
What’s covered
Tuition
(resident or nonresident)
Most mandatory fees
, like building and technology fees
Honors college differential tuition
College of Business undergraduate differential tuition
International fee
For all of these costs, the amount you pay when you first enroll will remain the same for five years.
What isn't covered
Incidental fee (which funds the student government)
Lab fees or other fees charged by an individual course
Health insurance
Food and housing
Remember, these costs aren’t covered by the guarantee, but they’re still covered by financial aid and scholarships.
Tuition and Fees for New Students
More about the Oregon Guarantee
Additional Tuition and Fees Details
*
Cost of attendance
is the estimated cost to attend the UO for the academic year. The
Office of Student Financial Aid and Scholarships
provides estimates for cost of attendance information that goes beyond tuition and fees, and includes: living expenses (housing and food), books/supplies/equipment, transportation, and miscellaneous personal expenses.
Supporting Financial Wellness
To help student manage their finances while in school, the Lundquist College of Business partnered with the Office of Student Financial Aid and Scholarships to create the Financial Wellness Center. The Financial Wellness Center helps students gain the confidence and knowledge to make smart financial decisions during and after college. Students learn from Financial Wellness student advisors about money management, loans and borrowing, protecting their identity, and get access to financial planning resources.
Access the Financial Wellness Center
Additional Resources
Academically qualified, Federal Pell Grant–eligible Oregon residents may have their UO tuition and fees paid with a combination of federal, state, and university funds through the
PathwayOregon program.
In addition, Under Oregon's House Bill 2787, certain students from Oregon who intend to become U.S. citizens may qualify for resident tuition rates through the
Tuition Equity program
.
More about Pathway Oregon
More about Tuition Equity
The UO Office of Financial Aide also provides an extensive list of the types of aid available to students. Examples include
Scholarships
Loans
Work study
Grants
See More Aid Types