URL: https://business.uoregon.edu/programs/undergraduate/apply/standard-admission/full-major-status
TITLE: Apply for Full Major Status | Lundquist College of Business

For current UO students only. These instructions are for students who are applying to become business administration or accounting majors. Typically, students apply in the beginning of the term they will complete their lower division (pre-business) requirements.
Students must be admitted to the business administration or accounting major to register for upper division business courses in the following term. Use the form linked below to apply.
You will be asked to provide the following when filling out out the major application:
An American business-style résumé
(attached as a PDF document to the application linked below). For resources and outlines, see the
Crafting a Strong Application to the Major
resource page on the Mohr Career Services website. We strongly encourage you use the
Big Resume tool
found on that page to revise your resume prior to submitting it.
A cover letter uploaded in PDF format
. Consider your admission to the Lundquist College of Business a job you are applying for and
the undergraduate program's holistic standards
as the job qualifications. Describe how you embody a strong combination of these skills and why the Lundquist College of Business should “hire” you. Applicants must answer this question in a professional cover letter format. For resources and outlines, see the
Crafting a Strong Application to the Major
resource page on the Mohr Career Services website.
Proof of enrollment
or an
unofficial transcript
,
only
if you are taking pre-business courses at another school (applicants intending to complete all required courses at the University of Oregon do
not
need to include this information). Attach proof of enrollment or an unofficial transcript to your application.
Failure to provide this information may result in your application being denied.
Necessary files can be obtained by copying transcripts or even taking a screen shot from the transfer institution’s website and pasting it into a PDF document. Applicant's full name and the school’s name should be listed on the document.
Answers to the following supplemental questions
, which can be entered into text boxes in the online application. There will be a strict limit of 2,500 characters (approximately 400 words) for each answer.
Identify a time in your life that required you to face a challenge or overcome an obstacle, describe how you approached the situation and what you learned from it.
Tell us about your academic and career goals and describe how any leadership opportunities, academic coursework, university resources, and extracurricular activities you engaged in have helped you define these goals.
Is there anything else relevant to your application that you would like to tell the admission committee? (If you reference extenuating circumstances such as illness or a death in the family, please include supporting documentation.)
This question is optional and can be used to support your case if you are applying for admission without meeting the guaranteed admission requirements.
Complete and Submit the Application Form
Employees within the Lundquist College of Business are designated reporters. We are required to report all incidents of prohibited discrimination and harassment—including sexual harassment and violence—that we learn about in application materials. For more information on this policy, and on receiving support and resources, visit the webpage of the
UO Office of Investigations and Civil Rights
.
When to Apply
Students should apply by 11:59 p.m. on the first Friday of the term in which they complete their pre-business requirements. This should allow time for the application to be processed in order to register for upper division courses the next term. Applications are not accepted in summer term, so students wishing to be admitted for fall should plan to apply to the major by the first Friday of spring term and complete their pre-business requirements in spring.
Once your application has been submitted, we will review your application to ensure that you meet all the
admission requirements
for the undergraduate major in business. You will be notified via email of our decision.
If you are completing prerequisites during:
Application deadline:
Your admit term will be:
Summer / Fall Term
First Friday of Fall Term
Winter Term
Winter Term
First Friday of Winter Term
Spring Term
Spring Term
First Friday of Spring Term
Fall Term
Employees within the Lundquist College of Business are designated reporters. We are required to report all incidents of prohibited discrimination and harassment—including sexual harassment and violence—that we learn about in application materials. For more information on this policy, and on receiving support and resources, visit the webpage of the
UO Office of Investigations and Civil Rights Compliance
.
Questions?
Meet with an
advisor
, stop by Peterson 203, call 541-346-3303, or email
lcb-undergrad@uoregon.edu
.
Speak with an Advisor