URL: https://business.uoregon.edu/programs/undergraduate/majors/accounting
TITLE: Accounting Major | Lundquist College of Business

Go beyond the numbers.
The Lundquist College of Business offers BS and BA degrees in accounting. Accounting students embark on careers in an exciting and prestigious profession pursuing positions in public accounting firms, industry, and government. Accounting majors will complete a set of eleven upper-division core courses and seven specific accounting courses. Accounting majors can choose to pursue a general accounting degree or add a concentration in one of five areas: entrepreneurship, finance, marketing, operations and business analytics, and sports business.
Entrepreneurship
: Identify and implement new business opportunities.
Finance
: Unpack the stock market and learn how money works.
Marketing
: Analyze, create, and find new ways to understand and keep customers.
Operations and Business Analytics
: Decode big data and complex systems to drive business value.
Sports Business
: Turn your passion into a career and learn business through the lens of sports.
Explore more in accounting:
3+1 Accounting Scholars
School of Accounting
Master of Accounting Program
Undergraduate Programs
lcb-undergrad@uoregon.edu
541-346-3303
Peterson 203
Request Info
Apply Now
View Pre-Business Requirements
View Major Requirements
Charlotte Pearson
Class of ’23
Major: Accounting
"I learned of the concept of accounting through my grandfather. It was between engineering and accounting for me. I joined Beta Alpha Psi for more social interaction—I even dragged my friend to meetings. Now we are both BAP officers!"
3+1 Accounting Scholars
Qualified incoming freshmen interested in accounting can choose to enroll as 3+1 Accounting Scholars, an accelerated program which allows students to complete both the bachelor's degree in accounting and the master of accounting degree in four years. High-achieving students are fast-tracked for admission to the Lundquist College of Business one full year before their contemporaries and can complete their undergraduate degree in three years, with the fourth year used to complete the
Master of Accounting program
.
Learn More about 3+1 Accounting
Accreditation
The School of Accounting at the University of Oregon Lundquist College of Business is fully accredited by the Association for
Advancement of Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB)
, the leading organization for business school accreditation.