URL: https://business.uoregon.edu/programs/spm/apply/application-process
TITLE: Sports Product Management Application Process | Lundquist College of Business

After a completed application is submitted, it will be reviewed by the Sports Product Management admissions team. Candidates who present a strong application will be contacted to schedule an interview. All interviews will be completed via Zoom video conference.
Candidates have the opportunity to apply for the
Sports Product Management Inclusive Excellence scholarship
within the application.
An admission decision will be provided via email approximately one month after the deadline in which an applicant applies. If an applicant is offered admission, a $1,000 non-refundable deposit is required to hold a spot in the cohort. Typically, an applicant must accept within three to four weeks of an offer of admission.
Start UO Graduate Admission Application
A completed application consists of:
UO Graduate Admission Application
Prospective students applying to the Sports Product Management program must fill out the
UO graduate admissions application
. When filling out the application, select the following when prompted:
Degree level – Master's
Program – Sports Product Management, M.S.
Applicants are required to pay the non-refundable application fee ($70.00 U.S. applicants or $90.00 international applicants) at the time the UO graduate admission online application is submitted. If you decide to apply to a different year or start term that is outside of the current academic year, you will need to create a new username and pay the non-refundable application fee again. Applicants may apply for an
application fee waivers
by sending an e-mail directly to one of the program's assistant directors of recruitment, Daisy Sandoval at
dsandova@uregon.edu
or Andrew Mirjah at
amirjah@uoregon.edu
.
Professional Resume
Applicants should upload a professional resume. Applicants should emphasize relevant work or retail experience, internships, skills, and passion for sports and outdoors.
Learning Objectives Essay
In your essay, please separately address the following topics (in 500–750 words or less):
Tell us how your background, passion, and experience will positively contribute to the SPM program and the individuals in the cohort.
Include a situation in which you were working in a team and experienced conflict. What steps did you take to resolve the situation, what did you learn?
Work Sample
Upload a five-slide PDF of a sports or outdoor product review with the following:
Title slide – Name and date
Pros – Advantages of the product
Cons – Disadvantages of the product
Materials – Description of components of the product
Marketability – Who the is product designed for and broad strategy for reaching the market
Examples of sports products to review include, but aren't limited to, racquets, shoes, hiking poles, skis, apparel, and scuba gear.
Two Professional Recommendations
Your recommenders must be professional or academic references.
GPA Supplement
All applicants with an undergraduate GPA
below
a 3.0 on a 4.0 scale are required to submit an additional essay (250–500 words)addressing the following prompt:
Tell us about your shortcomings in your undergraduate journey and how you plan to sustain a strong academic performance during the program.
Unofficial Transcripts for All College-Level Institutions Attended
Candidates are only required to submit official transcripts to the Office of the Registrar if they are offered admission to the program and accept their offer of admission. To learn more,
visit the UO Graduate School website
.
Prospective students with a degree in progress
– If you have not yet finished your degree at the time of application, you must still submit your in-progress "unofficial" transcript.
International candidates
– If your degree and degree award date are not posted on the transcript, as is the case with most international transcripts, you will need to include the related degree certificate with your transcript.
View additional transcript details for international applicants
.
View Additional Transcript Details for International Applicants
To check on the status of official transcripts or degree certificates received by the University of Oregon, please call the registrar at 541-346-2935.
English Language Proficiency
Applicants whose native language is not English must fulfill one of the following additional language proficiency requirements:
Valid TOEFL (IBT) – 96 minimum score
Valid IELTS (academic) – 7.5 overall band minimum score
Degree from a qualifying country – Submit degree transcripts proving that you received a bachelor's degree or higher from a regionally accredited U.S. institution or from an institution in the following countries: Australia, Canada (excluding Quebec), Ireland, New Zealand, or the United Kingdom.
"Native language" is defined as the primary language you spoke at home since birth AND the language you spoke and wrote as your primary language in school beginning at age five and continuing through the rest of your education. Please note: English being the national language of your native country does not automatically mean English is your native language.
Candidates are only required to submit official TOEFL or IELTS scores if they are admitted to the program. A candidate cannot respond to their offer of admission until official scores are received.
An official TOEFL or IELTS academic score report is valid for two years only. ETS must send a TOEFL score report to the University of Oregon, Institutional Code: 4846. It can take up to 30 days from the time of your request for official ETS scores to be available in the UO system. Plan your request so that ETS scores are available prior to application deadlines.
View Additional Information for International Applicants
Interview
Select candidates may be invited to an interview as a final step of the application process. Interviews are held in-person or virtually.
Contact
Sports Product Management
University of Oregon
2800 NE Liberty St.
Portland, OR 97211
503-412-3777
uospm@uoregon.edu
Drop-in hours: Monday-Friday, 9:00 a.m.-4:30 p.m.