URL: https://business.uoregon.edu/programs/undergraduate/majors/business-administration
TITLE: Business Administration Major | Lundquist College of Business

Prepare to lead a Fortune 500 company, build a small business empire, market an NFL franchise, or take Wall Street by storm.
The Lundquist College of Business offers BS and BA degrees in business administration. All students who are successfully admitted to the major will complete a set of eleven upper-division core courses and seven additional electives. Business administration majors can choose to pursue a general business degree or select to concentrate in one of six areas: accounting, entrepreneurship, finance, marketing, operations and business analytics, and sports business.
Accounting
: Gain knowledge and skills in the foundational principles and specialized practices guiding business growth.
Entrepreneurship
: Identify and implement new business opportunities.
Finance
: Unpack the stock market and learn how money works.
Marketing
: Analyze, create, and find new ways to understand and keep customers.
Operations and Business Analytics
: Decode big data and complex systems to drive business value.
Sports Business
: Turn your passion into a career and learn business through the lens of sports.
Undergraduate Programs
lcb-undergrad@uoregon.edu
541-346-3303
Peterson 203
Request Info
Apply Now
View Pre-Business Requirements
View Major Requirements
Victoria Castillo
Class of ’25
Major: Business Administration
Concentration: Sports Business
"I enjoy being a part of a community where I get to experience all parts of campus, whether it’s playing alto saxophone in the marching band or connecting with females at the forefront of business at Women in Business club meetings. As a member of the Women in Business club, I had opportunities to practice networking and attend workshops to build my resume. With the skills I learned, I was able to network with a guest speaker, and as a result, gained an internship in the marketing department at the Rose Bowl."