URL: https://business.uoregon.edu/programs/undergraduate/apply/new-student-information
TITLE: New Student Information | Lundquist College of Business

You've been admitted to the University of Oregon. Congratulations and welcome.
As a newly admitted undergraduate student, the first thing you want to do is to
confirm you decision to enroll
by accepting your offer of admission and paying or deferring your deposit. It's a simple three step process.
Confirm Your Decision
Getting Started
Once you've confirmed your decision, you'll want to get started preparing for a successful transition to the University of Oregon and the Lundquist College of Business.
Register for freshman IntroDUCKtion
, the UO's orientation program. Be sure to familiarize yourself with the IntroDUCKtion instructions, timeline, and checklist.
Claim your Duck ID
. The Duck ID is your @uoregon.edu email address and the official way that the UO will communicate with you. It will also allow you to access to resources and UO systems like Canvas, which you will need during several of your orientation events.
Explore housing options
and
register for housing on campus
. Be sure to check out our
Business Academic Residential Community (Business ARC)
, where you'll live and learn with students who share your passions, interests, and identities. Students living in the Business ARC take courses together and connect with professors and advisors who support them socially and academically.
Take your math and language placement exams. These test scores help your advisor recommend courses best suited to your math or language level.
Complete the advising preparation module
. This step is required in order for you to make your first academic advising appointment.
Watch for an email to your @uoregon.edu email account inviting you to sign up for your advising appointment. Click the link in the email to access advising times reserved specifically for incoming students. Prepare for your advising session by doing the following:
Download
Microsoft Teams
and
Zoom
from the UO Service Portal
Start reviewing your course options in the
fall class schedule
Watch the
"Know, Grow, Go" video
Review the handout included in your invitation email
Attend your virtual advising meeting and register for classes.
See the tools listed below
for registration assistance after your appointment.
Registration Assistance
Need help with registration after your advising appointment?
Registration knowledge base
UO registration assistance
Email your advisor directly or use the office hours link from the follow-up email you received after your advising appointment.
Additional Resources
As you prepare for your first term, the following are links to some additional resources that will help you on your journey.
Find an Advisor
Lundquist College advisors
Other advising options at UO
Lundquist-Specific Resources
Flight School
Roadmap to Success
Business Academic Residential Community
Computer labs and IT support
Lundquist College student clubs
Braddock Tutoring
UO Resources
University Registrar
University Housing
Clark Honors College
Financial Aid
Duckweb
UO Catalog
Remote learning resources
How to manage or reset your PAC
Advanced Placement (AP) credit information
International Baccalaureate (IB) credit information
Transfer course equivalency assistance