URL: https://business.uoregon.edu/student-support/advising/undergraduate/resources/policies
TITLE: Undergraduate Policies

Grading Guidelines
The Lundquist College of Business academic council has developed grading guidelines to:
Provide grading guidance to instructors
Increase grading consistency across courses
Give students clear information on academic standards in the Lundquist College
Philosophy
One of the most important roles students and society expect of teachers and educational institutions is the evaluation of student learning and achievement. Instructors in higher education must distinguish passing from failing and excellence from mediocrity. Failure to make these useful and important distinctions reduces the value of education to students and to society.
Implementation
The list below lists the guidelines developed by the academic council. While there is variation across courses in the ability and effort of students, the standards are sufficiently broad to accommodate reasonable variation in performance. Courses that are part of the undergraduate core may have slightly different averages. Please contact your instructor with any questions.
The GPAs listed below are course GPAs computed by multiplying the number of A, A-, B+, C, and so forth grades times the GPA value of each grade. For example, consider a course with forty students with the following grades: 8 A, 14 B,16 C, and 2 D. The calculation is [(8 x 4.0) + (14 x 3.0) + (16 x 2.0)+ (2 x 1.0)]/40 = (32 + 42 + 32 + 2)/40 = 2.70 GPA. Thus, a course GPA of 2.70 can result from many different distributions of grades—that is, all Bs and Cs; As, Bs, Cs, and Ds; and so forth. There is no quota on the number of A's or B's. Grade distributions in the vast majority of Lundquist College courses fit within the grade point ranges listed below.
Undergraduate pre-business courses:
2.3–2.8
Other undergraduate courses (major, minor, elective):
2.6–3.2
Undergraduate honors courses:
3.2–3.5
Undergraduate Grading Rubric
The following rubric reflects the general grading standards of the Lundquist College of Business at the University of Oregon.
A = Excellent:
Minimal errors, demonstrates strong understanding of the material
B = Good:
No significant errors, demonstrates solid understanding of the material
C = Fair:
Some errors, but demonstrates a basic understanding of the material that is considered sufficient for a passing grade
D = Poor:
Demonstrates a tenuous understanding of the material that is not considered sufficient for a passing grade
F = Failing:
Demonstrates no understanding of the material
Note: Interpretation of "excellent" or "fair," for example, depends in part on the nature and level of the course in question.
Final version: January 23, 2012.
Mandatory Attendance Policy
Academic departments may require students to attend the first and/or second meetings of designated courses. These courses are identified in the class schedule with an "A" in the course notes. If you do not attend the first two sessions of these courses, the academic department may give your seat to another student and you will be required to drop. You are responsible for dropping the course; there is no automatic drop. The university refund schedule applies.
Code of Professional Business Conduct
The Lundquist College of Business learning community is committed to a set of core values that guide our interactions with one another. Our values are as important within our Lundquist College of Business community as within the business community. Our values help define both how we aspire to act and what it means to be a business professional.
Integrity:
Members of our community act with integrity and honesty. These qualities are essential in providing a basis for trust and go to the core of what is expected from business professionals.
Respect:
Our community conveys respect for the dignity of all people. Our relationships are based on mutual respect. Differences of opinion are discussed openly and civilly. These discussions focus on issues and are presented in a courteous manner. We are sensitive to the impacts of both our words and actions on others.
Openness:
We encourage all members of our community to exchange ideas freely within the bounds of reasonable behavior. We recognize that learning requires an open environment.
Responsibility:
We act publicly and accept responsibility for our actions. We understand that the community will keep us accountable for our dealings. We deliver on the commitments and promises we make to others.
Teamwork:
Our community is stronger when we work as a team. We foster attitudes encouraging members of the community to give and receive constructive criticism, and develop creative solutions to challenges.