URL: https://business.uoregon.edu/student-support/commencement/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate Commencement

The Lundquist College of Business undergraduate commencement ceremony is held separately from the
main University of Oregon commencement ceremony
that takes place at Autzen stadium. Students are invited to participate in both their program ceremony and the main UO ceremony. All ceremonies are held in-person but will have a livestream available for remote viewing.
Lundquist College Undergraduate Programs Commencement Ceremony
Monday, June 15
1:00–3:00 p.m.
Matthew Knight Arena
Open house for graduates and their families from 2:30-5:30 p.m. at the Lillis Business Complex
All business and accounting undergraduate students in the class of 2026 (those earning their degree in fall 2025, winter 2026, spring 2026, summer 2026, and fall 2026) may participate in the June 2026 Lundquist College of Business ceremony. Check back in spring term as more information will be added to this page as it becomes available.
Please note that a clear bag policy is in effect for Matthew Knight Arena. Guests and grads are limited to one clear bag per person, along with a small clutch or purse for privacy or medical needs.
Graduation Checklist
Make sure to check and read your Canvas and UO e-mail announcements frequently for commencement updates!
Step One: Apply to Graduate
Deadline: April 26
You must apply to graduate on
DuckWeb
. Do this by
April 26
to be listed in the printed program for the Lundquist College of Business commencement ceremony.
Apply for the term in which you will actually finish your degree
. Only indicate spring as your graduation term if you will complete your entire program in the spring. Indicating spring will result in your being classified as a Community Education Program (CEP) student beginning summer 2026. Your status as a CEP student blocks you from registering for upper-division business courses and limits you to just eight credits.
Be sure to enter a mailing address where the registrar can send your diploma four to six weeks following commencement.
Apply to Graduate on DuckWeb
Step Two: Register to Participate in the Lundquist College Commencement Ceremony
Deadline: May 19
All students wishing to participate in the Lundquist College commencement ceremony must register via
Tassel
by
May 19
in order to do so. Registering for the ceremony is in addition to applying for your degree on DuckWeb. Ceremony participation is open to all fall 2025, winter 2026, spring 2026, summer 2026, and fall 2026 graduates. Registration will be open from April 30 to May 19. On April 30, you will receive an email from
noreply@tassel.com
with instructions for registering. You will not be recognized in the Tassel system until you receive this email. Those who miss the deadline will be able to check in manually at the ceremony.
Step Three: Purchase Your Graduation Gear
Announcements, caps, gowns, and other graduation must-haves can be purchased at the UO Duck Store as well as
online
. Announcements and regalia, including honors cords for students graduating with honors, are available at the information center on the store's main floor.
Starting in 2026, the UO has new regalia for graduating students. It is a lighter shade of green and is made from recycled materials. Please keep in mind the regalia used in past years will not match the new regalia.
For those who hold Beta Gamma Sigma honors, honor cords may be purchased online via the
Beta Gamma Sigma store
.
(Interested in donating your cap and gown after graduation? The UO Student Sustainability Center will accept regalia donations in the Erb Memorial Union, room 005.)
Step Four: Request Accommodations (Optional)
If you have questions about or requests for personal accommodations during the Lundquist College ceremony (i.e. mobility concerns or need for an interpreter), please contact Krissy Hemphill at
khemphil@uoregon.edu
right away. Matthew Knight Arena has plenty of ADA seating available for guests and the ceremony will use closed captioning.
Step Five: Share Details with Family and Friends
Help family and other guests who may be joining you for the ceremony stay informed by sharing the following links:
Lundquist College commencement ceremony information and updates
(this page)
UO commencement ceremony information and updates
UO commencement ceremony livestream
(for those unable to attend in person)
NOTE FOR INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS AND FAMILIES: Families of international students needing verification of their student's graduation for travel purposes should contact the
UO International Student and Scholar Services
.
Step Six: Complete the First Destination Survey
Deadline: June 15
Whether you have a job, graduate school plans, or are still exploring your options, complete your
First Destination survey
by
June 15
. If you're still looking for a job, the Mohr Career Services team and the University of Oregon's Handshake resource are available to help. Students can continue to use Mohr Career Services for their job search needs up to six months after graduating.
Complete the Survey
Commencement Day
Commencement Schedule
The Lillis Business Complex is open to visitors from 7:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.
9:00 a.m. — University-wide ceremony at Autzen Stadium
11:45 a.m. — Lundquist College graduates check in at Matthew Knight Arena (west entrance)
12:15 p.m. — Doors open for general public (use north or east entrances)
1:00 p.m. — Lundquist College of Business ceremony at Matthew Knight Arena
2:30 p.m. — Open house in the Lillis Business Complex
Commencement Day Instructions
Information coming soon!
Contact
Office of Advising and Student Experience
Peterson 203
1208 University of Oregon
Eugene, OR 97403-1208
541-346-3303
lcb-undergrad@uoregon.edu
Related Links
UO commencement website
Duckweb
(application to graduate)
Tassel website
(Lundquist College commencement registration)
Grad Central @ the Duck Store
UO Commencement livestream
2025 Commencement
Watch livestream
Download program