URL: https://business.uoregon.edu/student-support/advising/undergraduate/appointments
TITLE: Speak with an Advisor | Lundquist College of Business

Advisors are available for in-person, phone, and video conference appointments. Students with general questions have the option to use a chat platform to speak with staff members during hours of operation.
Advising for Incoming Students
If you are an incoming student and have not attended an initial advising session, visit our
information page for new students
.
If you are looking to scheduling an advising appointment for orientation, please use the "schedule an appointment" link in the orientation advising invitation sent to your UO email account. You should have received this invitation once you completed the mandatory academic advising prep module.
Ask General Questions at the Virtual Front Desk
If you have a general question about advising, chat with our team using Microsoft Teams.
Availability:
Monday–Friday, 8:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m. PT
Start Chat Session
How to Access the Virtual Front Desk:
Download Microsoft Teams
from the UO Service Portal and follow instructions to install the application
Click the "Start Chat Session" button above
Log in using your Duck ID
Join a Drop-in Advising Session
Sign up to join the queue to attend a drop-in advising session. Drop-in advising is only available weeks 1 through 10 of fall, winter, and spring terms.
Availability:
Week 1:
Monday–Friday, 10:00 a.m.–4:00 p.m. PT
Weeks 2–5:
Monday–Thursday, 10:00 a.m.–4:00 p.m. PT
Weeks 6–10:
Monday–Friday, 10:00 a.m.–4:00 p.m. PT
Join the Queue
How to Access Drop-in Advising:
Download Microsoft Teams
from the UO Service Portal and follow instructions to install the application
Click the "Join the Queue" button above
Log in using your Duck ID
If you experience any trouble, call 541-346-3303 for assistance
Schedule an Advising Appointment with Navigate
Phone, video conferencing, and in-person appointments are available. You will be able to select which you prefer when you book your appointment.
If you would like to make an appointment, please
book online with the Navigate app
, a mobile tool that helps students from orientation through graduation. Access Navigate from your desktop or download the app from the Apple Store or Google Play. View your class schedule, schedule advising appointments, explore majors and careers, and more.
Availability:
Weeks 2–6:
Monday–Friday, 9:00 a.m.–4:00 p.m. PT
Week 10:
Monday–Friday, 9:00 a.m.–4:00 p.m. PT
Access Navigate
How to Make an Appointment:
Open the Navigate app (recommended), or visit
uo.campus.eab.com
Log in with your Duck ID
Go to "Appointments — Schedule an Appointment"
Select "Lundquist College of Business"
Select the topic of your appointment
Select "Find an Available Time"
Select meeting type and staff member
Input your phone number and any additional comments
Indicate if you would like text reminders
Select "Confirm Appointment"