URL: https://www.slu.edu/academics/undergraduate/index.php
TITLE: Undergraduate Education : SLU - Saint Louis University

Who Will You Become?
An undergraduate education from Saint Louis University isn’t only about what you major
in. As Catholic, Jesuit university, SLU educates the whole person.
See how SLU professors focus on student success.
Here, you will participate in a well-rounded education that will prepare you to reach
your goals and graduate ready for whatever comes next.
You will have the support to choose a minor, more than one major, or both. Structure
a degree program that is uniquely your own. Choose from accelerated programs that
save you both time and money on the way to a graduate degree.
And during your time here, it’s likely you will study abroad and nearly certain that
you will volunteer in the community or around the world.
Explore SLU's Undergraduate Majors, Minors and Certificates
See Your Study Abroad Options
Service Opportunities
Academic Resources at SLU
Being admitted is only the first step. At SLU, first-year students are encouraged
to enroll in
University 101
, a one-credit course that introduces you to campus resources and eases the transition
from high school to college. From there, you’ll have access to academic support ranging
from your own advisor to topical study groups, to our
writing center
and resources that help you
plan for your career
.
Academic Success at SLU
Advising
Course Information
Registering for Classes
Financial Education
First Year Experience
Honors and Scholars Programs
At SLU, it’s cool to be smart. You can enter as an honors student, pre-law or pre-med
student. Students accepted into our highly selective scholars programs can be placed
on a guaranteed admittance track to School of Law or enjoy early application privileges
to the School of Medicine. Scholars programs also exist for business, social work
and physician assistant programs.
Explore Honors Programs
Explore Scholars Programs
Graduate Education
Already thinking about grad school? At SLU, there are many freshman-entry, five-year
degree programs that let you graduate with both your undergraduate and graduate degrees
or prepare you for future study.
Graduate Degrees SLU Offers
On Campus Resources for Graduate Students
What Does a Billiken Look Like?
3.9
Average High School GPA
10
%
Top percent of ACT and SAT scores in the United States
1897
Students enrolled in the 2019 freshman class
82
Foreign countries represented in the undergraduate student body