URL: https://www.slu.edu/admission/index.php
TITLE: Admission : SLU - Saint Louis University

Home
/
Admission
/ Admission
Admission & Aid
An Education Designed with You in Mind
This is where it all begins.
Your path to an inspiring future filled with self-discovery, lifelong connections
and transformative experiences starts at Saint Louis University. Here, you’ll be empowered
to match your personal interests with your academic passions. Your dynamic student
experience will help you meet your educational goals — even those you haven’t yet
imagined. Take a look at all that SLU has to offer, and learn what it truly means
to be a Billiken.
Apply to SLU
How Will You Enter SLU?
More than 15,000 students from every U.S. state and 100 countries study, research
and find community at Saint Louis University. Choose your student type to explore
the admission process and find your program.
Ready to be a Billiken? Apply as a freshman online or through the Common Application.
Don't forget to plan a visit to campus.
No matter where you started your education, SLU is a great place to continue. Explore
our scholarships, and talk to admission counselors dedicated to assisting transfer
students.
Nearly 21% of SLU’s students come from outside the United States. Learn about our
highly ranked programs, and explore options for need-based scholarships and financial
aid.
For prospective graduate and professional (law and medicine) students, SLU offers
post-baccalaureate degree programs and a vibrant community of scholars.
Take classes online to earn your bachelor's or master’s degree, or gain additional
certification on a flexible, accelerated schedule.
Eligible high school juniors and seniors, as well as students from any college or
university, are welcome to enroll in nearly 600 college-credit courses during the
summer session.
From discounted tuition rates for select programs to participation in the Yellow Ribbon
program, SLU helps maximize your military benefits.
SLU’s Madrid, Spain, campus educates nearly 1,200 students from around the world.
SLU-Madrid offers undergraduate and graduate degree programs and hosts study-abroad
students.
Explore SLU
Learn more about Saint Louis University during a visit to our campus in St. Louis,
Missouri, or through our virtual resources. Take in 360-degree views of our beautiful
campus via a virtual tour, and connect with admission counselors and current students.
Plan Your Campus Visit
Take a Virtual Tour
By the Numbers
No. 52
in Best Value Schools (
U.S. News & World Report
)
Explore Rankings
$29K
average aid award amount that doesn’t need to be repaid (all students)
Explore Scholarships
$289M
in institutional aid awarded to SLU students in 2023
Explore Types of Aid
Preview the Undergraduate SLU Experience
Saint Louis University offers only-at-SLU scholarships, study abroad access and experiential
learning opportunities.
Visit the You at SLU Website
Explore the Billiken Promise
Play video Hands-on Learning at SLU
Play video SLU Provides Career Support, Internship Opportunities and Employer Connections
Play video At SLU, Students Prepare to Change the World
Get in Touch
Phone
314-977-2500
1-800-758-3678
Email
admission@slu.edu
Location
Office of Admission
One N. Grand Blvd.
St. Louis, MO 63103-2097
Connect with a Counselor
Contact SLU Admission