URL: https://www.slu.edu/admission/international/index.php
TITLE: International Student Admission : SLU - Saint Louis University

International Student Admission
Saint Louis University is a
top U.S. university
, attracting hundreds of undergraduate and graduate international students from more
than 90 countries around the world. With a legacy of innovative academics and research,
SLU is home to a diverse community of students receiving a transformative education.
Steps to Applying to SLU: International Students
Step One: Complete an online application.
The
online application
will ask about your educational background and citizenship to help determine your
eligibility. If you are applying to enter SLU as a first-time, freshman student, we’ll
also ask you to complete an essay. There is no application fee to apply for undergraduate
admission to SLU.
Applying as a graduate student?
Learn how here.
Step Two: Send academic records.
Submit academic records in English translation for all secondary and post-secondary
institutions you attended. Academic records may be uploaded to your application portal
after you submit your application for admission.
Send transcripts from all lower and upper/higher secondary schools. If you have graduated
high school/secondary school, please send an official final transcript and the results
of any external/school leaving examinations. Unofficial copies may be accepted for
initial admission review, however official copies must be sent directly from your
school to SLU prior to enrollment.
If you have attempted college/post-secondary coursework including advanced diplomas,
two- or four-year bachelor work or any higher education after secondary school, send
official transcripts from each institution. Unofficial copies may be accepted for
initial admission review, however official copies must be sent directly from your
school to SLU prior to enrollment. Transfer credit cannot be evaluated from unofficial
copies.
Step Three: Submit proof of English language proficiency.
International applicants are required to demonstrate their
English proficiency
for admission review. These are scores from any standardized test you may have taken
to prepare for college — TOEFL, IELTS, PTE, SAT, ACT or Duolingo score.
Score results must be official and sent directly from the testing agency to SLU. Self-reported
test scores cannot be accepted for admission review. Sending official test scores
is not an automatic process and generally takes around 4 weeks for SLU to receive.
Saint Louis University’s ETS code for TOEFL and SAT scores is 6629. Saint Louis University’s
ACT code is 2352.
Proof of English proficiency may be waived under certain conditions. Find out more
about
waiver requirements
.
Step Four: Recommended items.
Though not required for admission, submission of a resume of activities and letters
of recommendation is encouraged. All undergraduate applicants are also encouraged
to complete an admission interview.
Please note, while SLU requires proof of your ability to financially support your
attendance, it does not impact your admission decision.
Need Help?
Saint Louis University's international admission counselors
can:
Assist with your application and transition to the United States
Assist with understanding scholarships
Assist with understanding the documents required for an I-20
Evaluate your submitted international education documents for admission
Explain housing, placement exams and registration survey
Introduce you to Saint Louis University, from our student clubs and organizations
to the vibrant city of St. Louis, Missouri
Contact an Admission Counselor
What Does SLU Offer International Students?
100
Countries represented by SLU students
22.4
%
of SLU students come from outside the U.S.
50
+
STEM-qualifying degree programs offered
No.
13
Among U.S. Catholic colleges, according to Niche.com