URL: https://www.slu.edu/admission/freshman/index.php
TITLE: Freshman Admission : SLU - Saint Louis University

Home
/
Admission
/
Freshman
/ Freshman Admission
Freshman Admission
Find Community and Growth as You Prepare for Success
Saint Louis University fosters your talents, ambitions and inherent curiosity.
Our values help move the world forward and empower our next generation of innovators.
No matter where you end up, your journey starts here.
Apply to SLU
A High-Quality Education Made Affordable
At Saint Louis University, we believe exceptional education should be within reach.
For the Fall 2025 academic year, new SLU students paid an average of $20,000 in tuition
after scholarships and financial aid. Our commitment to affordability is rooted in
our Jesuit values and our dedication to supporting students and families.
Whether through merit awards, need-based assistance or personalized financial guidance,
SLU partners with you every step of the way to make your educational goals possible.
Explore Financial Aid and Scholarships
Choose from Four Application Paths
Explore application path details and deadlines to find the best option for you. Then
apply through the SLU Applicant Portal or via the Common App. There is no fee to apply
for undergraduate admission.
Early Decision I
Early Decision II
Early Action
Regular Decision
Choose your application path
Discover Why SLU Is the Place for You
Launch the future you want at Saint Louis University.
Our best-value education offers affordability, EXPeriential learning, global immersion
and wellness initiatives.
SLU’s competitive University Honors Program and Scholars Programs offer exclusive
opportunities to help you get ahead.
Student life at SLU — from groups to campus events to athletics —connects you with
the whole SLU community in unique and meaningful ways.
Any undergraduate student at SLU, in any major of study, is guaranteed a study abroad
opportunity at our campus in Madrid, Spain.
Where will SLU take you? Explore how our majors lead to the internships, research
opportunities and hands-on learning you'll need to graduate career-ready. Plus, see
where our recent alums work now and what career services are offered on campus.
Start preparing for careers in medicine or health care your first semester at SLU.
Pre-health advisors help you chart your path, from course planning to professional
school applications.
SLU’s Midtown campus is steps away from some of the best food, culture and green space
in the city. From Forest Park to festivals to pro sports, explore why students love
calling St. Louis home.
Rooted in our Catholic, Jesuit values, a SLU education is about more than academics
— it’s about finding purpose, serving others and becoming your best self.
Campus Tours and Admission Events
Tour top campus spots, meet with faculty members and chat with current students during
a campus tour.
Plan your visit
By the Numbers
8,669
undergraduate students
Apply to SLU
94
bachelor’s degree programs
Explore majors and minors
$45,343
average aid offer for freshmen
Explore financial aid
Preview College Life at SLU
Visit SLU on YouTube to view more videos about student involvement, academics, career
preparation and more.
Watch Videos
Play video Becoming the Best Version of Yourself
Play video Inside a Visit to Saint Louis University
Play video Getting Involved at SLU