URL: https://www.slu.edu/financial-aid/tuition-and-costs/fee-information.php
TITLE: Fee Information : SLU - Saint Louis University

Fee Information
General Fees
University Fee
Provides funding for University sponsored events, activities, and services. Full-time
student fee is $435 per semester. Part-time student fee is $250 per semester.  The
fee for students in online or distance-learning academic programs is $60 per 8-week
term or $120 per semester.
Student Activity Fee
Funds student organizations and campus programming. Undergraduate student fee is $65
per semester. Graduate/ Professional student fee is $30 per semester.
Additional Fees
Orientation and Fall Welcome Fee ($200)
Covers the cost of student development programs aimed at the retention of students.
The fee is charged to new freshman and transfer students during their first semester
at SLU.
International Orientation Fee ($150)
This is a mandatory program fee which helps to subsidize the cost of international
student orientation. Workshops, transportation from the airport, shuttle transportation
to local shopping, several social activities as well as meals will be provided. The
fee is charged to all new international students.
Commuter Meal Plan ($300)
All full-time undergraduate students are required to have a meal plan, including commuter
students. The plan gives $300 in flex dollars and is assessed per semester.
Business School Software Fee ($20)
The Richard A. Chaifetz School of Business provides its students access to several
specialized software tools that allow them to develop real-world skills and to be
competitive in the job market and their professions. The fee is assessed per semester
to all business students.
Doisy Technology Fee ($30)
Covers the costs of implementing ExamSoft throughout the Doisy College of Health Sciences.
ExamSoft provides software and analytics for electronic testing. This software will
allow for online testing throughout all departments and levels within the college
with better ability to vary test questions, analyze results automatically and allow
for off-site testing. The fee is assessed per semester to all students in the Doisy
College of Health Sciences.
School of Science and Engineering Technology Fee ($330)
Provides funding for software and developmental tools used by aviation and engineering
students enrolled in programs housed in the School of Science and Engineering. The
fee is assessed per semester.
Flight Fees ($13,200 flat rate per course)
This fee, applicable only to those studying aviation in the Parks Department of Aviation
Science, covers the cost of providing a hands-on flight experience.
Learn more about flight school costs
Nursing School Fee ($30 per credit hour)
This fee covers the costs associated with studying nursing.
Rates subject to change.