URL: https://www.slu.edu/financial-aid/apply-accept/satisfactory-academic-progress.php
TITLE: Satisfactory Academic Progress : SLU - Saint Louis University

Satisfactory Academic Progress
Federal and state regulations require that educational institutions measure students'
quantitative and qualitative progress toward a declared educational objective.
Saint Louis University has established the following standards to measure a student's
academic progress. These standards will be applied uniformly to all students when
determining their eligibility for federal-, state- and University-administered funds
and/or other funds regardless of whether the student previously received these funds.
Maximum Attempted Enrollment Credit Hours Time Frame
The maximum attempted enrollment credit hours for which a student may enroll to complete
their University program of study must not exceed 180 attempted enrollment credit
hours for the completion of a 120-credit-hour degree program. For students who transfer
into the University, the 180 attempted enrollment credit hours' maximum includes attempted
credit hours at other colleges/universities attended that were accepted by the University
as transfer credit.
For academic programs requiring fewer or more than 120 credit hours for degree/certificate
completion, the maximum attempted enrollment credit hours for program completion is
150 percent of required credit hours for the program.
Completion Percentage
To maintain measurable progress toward the completion of their degrees, students must
successfully complete 67 percent of all credit hours attempted (hours attempted include
repeated courses, dropped courses, withdrawals and incomplete courses).
Qualitative Requirement: Cumulative University Grade Point Average (GPA)
Students must also maintain a cumulative University GPA of 2.00 to demonstrate Satisfactory
Academic Progress. The University cumulative 2.00 GPA requirement applies to all federal/state
student aid programs and for certain University scholarship programs as detailed within
each scholarship/award program.
Certain University scholarship/award programs require a higher minimum University
cumulative GPA that must be maintained to maintain renewal eligibility in addition
to other program requirements. See each scholarship/award program description for
the minimum renewal University cumulative GPA requirement, other requirements and
maximum duration of award eligibility.
Changing Majors, Repeat and Remedial Coursework, Incompletes, Withdrawals and Second-Degree
Coursework
In the case where a student changes degree programs, courses taken that do not contribute
to the new degree program do not count toward the 150 percent requirement.
Any remedial coursework (including English as Second Language coursework) does not
contribute toward the 150 percent completion time frame, but is counted toward the
qualitative 2.00 GPA requirement.
Any non-credit coursework, repeat coursework or coursework for which a grade of incomplete
or withdrawn is given counts toward both the quantitative and qualitative measures
for calculating SAP.
Any student pursuing a second-degree program is subject to both the 150 percent time
frame and the 2.00 cumulative GPA requirements.
Monitoring Satisfactory Academic Progress Requirements
Federal Title IV/State Eligibility
Effective July 2011, at the end of each semester, the student's academic record will
be reviewed for satisfactory academic progress. If a student exceeds the maximum attempted
enrollment hours requirement for federal Title IV/state eligibility, that student
will be terminated from receiving federal Title IV/state funds for future enrollment
periods.
If a student fails to meet the minimum cumulative GPA requirement or does not earn
the minimum number of credit hours for federal Title IV/state eligibility, that student
will be on academic progress warning for the succeeding semester. If at the end of
the warning semester, the student is still below the minimum University cumulative
GPA requirement of 2.00, and/or has not earned sufficient credit hours, the student's
eligibility for federal Title IV/state aid will be terminated for future enrollment
periods.
University Scholarships and Awards
At the end of each academic year (spring enrollment period), the student's academic
record will be reviewed for satisfactory academic progress.
If a student fails to meet the minimum cumulative GPA requirement, that student will
be on academic progress provisional status for the succeeding academic year. If at
the end of the provisional academic year, the student is still below the GPA requirement,
depending on the scholarship/award program's minimum cumulative GPA, the student's
eligibility for University scholarships/awards will be terminated for future enrollment
periods.
Reestablishing Aid Eligibility
Students cannot reestablish aid eligibility only by remaining out for one or more
semesters. Students can reestablish eligibility by enrolling for one or more semesters
without the assistance of financial aid funds to meet the minimum standards required
by the SAP policy.
Appeal Procedures for Students Terminated from Title IV, State and/or University Scholarship
and Award Eligibility
A student terminated from receiving federal Title IV/state and/or University scholarship/award
programs due to failure to meet the satisfactory academic progress requirements may
appeal this termination in accordance with the following guidelines:
An
Appeal for Termination of Federal Aid
form must be submitted to the Office of Student Financial Services and will be reviewed
by the appeal committee.
Appeal forms for federal Title IV aid must be signed by a faculty mentor or academic
advisor signifying that a written academic plan is approved and in place.
Extenuating circumstances include death of a family member, illness or injury, or
other circumstances beyond the student's control. Appropriate documentation of the
circumstance must be provided.
The appeal must include a statement as to why the student did not meet SAP and an
explanation of what has changed to allow the student to meet SAP standards at the
end of the next evaluation period.
Students who have reached the maximum time frame due to switching majors, second majors
or additional degrees will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis through the appeal
process.
Incomplete appeals will not be reviewed.
Questions about the appeal process can be sent to
finaidappeal@slu.edu
Students will be contacted via their SLU email account regarding the appeal committee
decision. Students whose appeals are approved will be awarded aid conditionally based
on their academic plan. The terms and conditions of the appeal approval will be included
in the appeal approval email.
Regaining Eligibility For Students Terminated From Title IV Aid
Students cannot reestablish aid eligibility simply by remaining unenrolled for one
or more semesters.
Students can reestablish aid eligibility by enrolling for one or more semesters without
assistance of financial aid funds while they improve their academic standing to meet
minimum standards, which include but are not limited to GPA and pace of program completion,
required by the university SAP policy outlined above.
A student can appeal for federal or state aid while making progress towards SAP policy
standards by filing an Appeal for Termination of Federal, State and University Scholarship/Financial
Aid Eligibility form with student financial services.