URL: https://www.slu.edu/madrid/admissions/information-for-admitted-students/index.php
TITLE: Information for Admitted Students : SLU - Saint Louis University

Information for Admitted Students
I've Been Admitted as a Degree-seeking Student. What's Next?
We're thrilled to congratulate you on your admission and welcome you to campus as
a
Billikeño
. Be assured that studying at SLU-Madrid will be both a smart decision and an incredible
experience. You will benefit from an outstanding American education and from immersing
yourself in the rich history, language, culture, politics and lifestyle of the vibrant
Spanish capital.
Now that you have been notified of your admission complete these steps to enroll at
SLU-Madrid.
Get to Know SLU-Madrid
If community, curiosity and service to others are important to you, SLU-Madrid is
the place for you.
Engage with our community. You can visit campus online or in person, connect with
us via a virtual information session or schedule a chat with one of our students.
Visit us Virtually
Attend an Information Session
Book a Meeting with a Student Ambassador
Join the SLU-Madrid Community on Raftr
The SLU-Madrid Raftr community is your hub for discovering campus life, making new
friends and meeting current
Billikeños
on campus. Join us!
You'll receive an individual code from the Office of Admissions. Download the app,
enter your code, set up your profile and start exploring.
Visit the SLU-Madrid Admitted Student Raftr
Your parents will also have their own dedicated community. They'll be able to join
soon using a link and code to be provided.
Visit the SLU-Madrid Parent and Family Raftr
Be Sure You Have a Valid Passport
To study at SLU-Madrid, you must be legally authorized to do so. If you are a non-EU
citizen and require a Spanish student visa, your passport must contain two consecutive
blank pages and be valid for at least one year beyond the end of your academic program/visa
period.
Make sure to verify what your consulate requires.
For study abroad students (one semester or one year): If your program ends in December
2026, your passport must be valid through at least December 2027, if program ends
May 2027, then your passport must be valid through at least May 2028.
For degree-seeking students: Generally, your passport must be valid for at least one
year beyond the end of your first year (date on your visa). For example, if your first
year ends in June 2027, your passport must be valid until at least June 2028. However,
some consulates will require validity until the end of your academic program. Make
sure to verify what your consulate requires.
Submit Your Confirmation Fee
Become a Billiken by accepting the offer to join our student body. You can pay the
225 euros non-refundable confirmation fee via Flywire, a secure online payment system.
Input your Banner ID and date of birth, then submit the fee. We will send you an email
once we receive it.
Remember: you must have a valid passport before submitting your confirmation fee;
if your passport number changes prior to enrollment, email
admissions-madrid@slu.edu
immediately.
Pay the Confirmation Fee
If you have been admitted conditionally, you must meet the requirement(s) stipulated
in your acceptance letter.
Remember that you must be a confirmed student to apply for SLU-sponsored housing or
register for classes.
Set Up and Become Familiar with mySLU
MySLU is the University tool that provides access to several services, such as your
SLU email account, financial aid information, University learning tools and student
records.
To start using mySLU, you must activate your SLU Net ID and set up multifactor authentication
for your security.
Validate Your Net ID, Change Your Password and Use mySLU
Access mySLU
Consider Your Housing Options
SLU-Madrid doesn't have a housing requirement, so you are free to choose what's best
for you. SLU-Madrid strongly suggests that new students live in a nearby residence
hall to help them adjust to living in a new place.
Your best source of information is our housing page.
Learn About Housing Options
Apply for Your Student Visa
If you do not hold a European passport and you will be in Spain for one semester or
more, you must apply for a Spanish student visa at your nearest consulate. If you
do not hold a European Union or U.S. passport, you must pay for one full semester's
tuition before SLU-Madrid can issue your student visa documentation. Your consulate
is the best source of information; however, we can get you started on the basics on
our Visas for Spain page.
Visit Visas for Spain
Finish Pre-Registration Items and Register for Classes
Registration begins two to three months before the start of your academic term and
only after you have completed the pre-registration tasks. Your academic adviser will
create a first-semester plan for you and register you for classes.
We also offer transfer credit for classes from other institutions (AP, CLEP, IB Highers).
Learn About Academic Advising
Learn About Transfer Credit
If your admission has the condition that you must send final academic documents, have
your registrar or college counselor send them before the beginning of your term; failure
to do so will mean you cannot register for your second-semester classes.