URL: https://www.slu.edu/madrid/admissions/meet-admissions-staff.php
TITLE: Meet the Admissions Staff : SLU - Saint Louis University

Meet the Admissions Staff
SLU-Madrid's Office of Admissions staff works to ensure you receive the support you
need during the application process. Your application reflects who you are, so we
do more than read your materials — we get to know you and what you want to contribute
to our campus community. Once you're admitted, we are your guides on your college
journey.
Heidi Buffington
Director of Admissions
heidi.buffington@slu.edu
Ext. 206
I grew up in Erie, Pennsylvania, and studied abroad in Spain when I was a junior at
the College of Wooster. After graduating with a degree in biology and Spanish, I returned
to Spain to pursue a Master of Arts in international studies. My first job at SLU-Madrid
was as the U.S. study abroad coordinator in 2004, but I have since served as an international
admissions counselor and graduate admissions coordinator for students from the U.S.
and Western Europe. I have been the director of admissions since 2016 and truly enjoy
helping students experience life-changing international study experiences like I had.
Degrees
B.A., biology and Spanish, The College of Wooster.
M.A., international studies, Escuela Diplomática de Madrid (Spain).
Mónica Chiclana
Admissions counselor
Recruitment areas: International schools in Madrid, Southern Spain, Central and South
America
monica.chiclana@slu.edu
Ext. 210
I joined the SLU-Madrid admissions team in 2010, but I am also a SLU-Madrid and SLU-St.
Louis graduate! In addition to working with students from international high schools
in Spain and students from Central and South America, I coordinate the alumni association.
Degrees
B.S., business administration/marketing, Saint Louis University.
M.A., communication and protocol, GADE Business School (Spain).
Caridad Dawson
Admissions counselor
Recruitment areas: International schools in Madrid, Southern Spain, Central and South
America
caridad.dawson@slu.edu
Ext. 210
Schedule a Call With Me
I grew up between Spain and the United States and have always felt fortunate to represent
both cultures throughout my personal and professional life. Before joining the SLU-Madrid
admissions team, I worked at Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business
in Washington, D.C., supporting recruitment and admissions for the Graduate and Executive
Degree Programs portfolio. Prior to that, I served as the senior recruiting manager
at IE University in Madrid and as the director of Student Life & Wellness at NYU Madrid.
I look forward to bringing my experience in higher education and international engagement
to SLU-Madrid and to help students explore transformative global opportunities.
Degrees
Dual B.A., anthropology and Spanish with cum laude distinction, The University of
the South, Sewanee, Tennessee.
M.A., international education and cross-cultural counseling from New York University.
Fatima Encabo
Admissions communications strategist
fatima.encabo@slu.edu
Ext. 278
Born and raised in Madrid, I began my studies at SLU-Madrid before earning my bachelor's
degree and MBA from Syracuse University in the U.S. After more than a decade living
and working there, I returned to Madrid and continued my career in marketing communications,
advertising, and branding, which now spans over 15 years.
Degrees
B.S. in marketing, Syracuse University
Master of Business Administration, Syracuse University
Emir Parrotta
Study abroad counselor
emir.parrotta@slu.edu
Ext. 271
Originally from Washington, D.C., I have called Madrid home since 2012. After earning
my B.A. in English literature from McGill University in Montreal, I moved to Madrid,
where I have taught English at various schools, such as the British Council, and organized
English teaching programs as CIEE's Teach in Spain coordinator. I joined the admissions
team at SLU-Madrid in July 2019 and am the point of contact for all study abroad students.
Degree
B.A., English literature, McGill University.
Emily Pyle
Assistant director of Admissions - international enrollment
Recruitment areas: Western Europe, U.K., Asia and Pacific, graduate programs
emily.pyle@slu.edu
Ext. 220
Schedule a Zoom Call With Me
I am a San Diego native. After completing my B.A. in History with a minor in English
literature, I moved to Cádiz in 2012 to gain international exposure and to teach English.
I joined the admissions staff in 2018 and work with students from Europe, U.K., Asia
and the Pacific, as well as coordinate admissions for our two graduate programs.
Degree
B.A., history, University of California, San Diego.
Diego Rodríguez-Vila
Admissions counselor
Recruitment areas: Schools in Madrid, Northern Spain, Central and Eastern Europe
diego.rodriguezvila@slu.edu
Ext. 275
Schedule a Zoom Call With Me
I was born in Valladolid but moved to Madrid when I was nine. I have studied at six
universities — including SLU — and have worked in college recruiting for Spanish and
American universities for 15 years.
Degrees
B.A., advertising, University of Colorado at Boulder.
Licenciado en Comunicación Audiovisual, Universidad Antonio de Nebrija (Spain).
Master of Business Administration, ESADE (Spain).
Victoria Taylor
Admissions assistant
victoriaandreina.taylor@slu.edu
Ext. 270
I am a Brooklyn, New York, native who moved to Spain in 2013. After earning my B.A.
in English literature from Queens College, New York, I settled in Madrid, where I
taught English in both public and private schools for several years. I joined the
SLU-Madrid staff in 2023 as a Student Life staff assistant and transitioned to the
Admissions team in 2026.
Degrees
B.A., English literature, Queens College, New York
M.A., bilingual and multicultural education, Universidad de Alcalá de Henares.
Jimena Theus
Admissions counselor
Recruitment areas: Middle East and Africa
jimena.theus@slu.edu
Ext. 258
Having grown up in Madrid, I then relocated to Scotland to complete my undergraduate
degree, where I spent six years living abroad. With over two years of experience in
international recruitment across different regions, I am now responsible for the Middle
East and Africa at SLU-Madrid.
Degrees
B.A. (Honors), Business management Degree, Abertay University (UK)
U.S.-Based Admissions Staff
Kate Pitman
Assistant director of enrollment, North America
Recruitment areas: Northeast U.S., Midwest U.S., Eastern U.S.
kate.pitman@slu.edu
221 N. Grand Blvd.
DuBourg Hall, 117
St. Louis, MO 63103
P: (+1) 314 977 1989
Schedule a Call With Me
I am a native St. Louisan, though the world has been my classroom after studying abroad
twice. My undergraduate studies in history were done at James Madison University.
While there, I spent a semester in London. I went on to do an M.F.A. at the University
of South Florida and studied abroad in Paris. I am an avid traveler and have worked
in international education for the last 20 years. These experiences pushed me to advocate
for international education and the importance of leaving one's comfort zone! SLU-Madrid
is a special place. American education while being a student in the international
and exciting city of Madrid!
Degrees
B.A., history, James Madison University
M.F.A., fine arts, University of South Florida