URL: https://www.slu.edu/madrid/admissions/information-for-admitted-students/visas.php
TITLE: Visas : SLU - Saint Louis University

Visas
A visa is an endorsement placed in your passport that indicates that you can enter,
exit and stay in a country — in this case, Spain — for a specific period of time.
Although tourists from many countries may enter Spain without a visa, the length of
their stay is limited to 90 days over a period of 180 days. Students planning to study
at Saint Louis University-Madrid must know the rules and procedures for visas and
passports.
Saint Louis University-Madrid students who need a visa to enter Spain must leave enough
time for the complete visa application process as detailed below. SLU-Madrid does
not reimburse visa costs, even if a visa is not granted.
SLU-Madrid requires students to provide evidence of their legal residency in Spain.
Failure to present the appropriate student visa upon arrival, if necessary, or to
maintain legal residency as a student will result in immediate withdrawal from classes
and expulsion from university housing. Refunds will be issued according to the refund
policy.
How to Apply for a Visa
Consulates do not have uniform requirements for documents or for visa application
submission. For this reason, the consulate that oversees the country or area from
which you will be applying is the best source of information.
Please use the following dropdown menu according to where you will be applying:
Applying from Outside the United States
Students wishing to apply for a student visa to Spain must apply for this document
at one of the 117 Spanish consulates worldwide or within the consular section of an
embassy. Note that proximity to a consulate does not mean you are within that consulate's
jurisdiction; to check which consulate you should apply to, visit the
Spanish Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation website
.
In some cases, you may be asked to supply additional paperwork, such as proof of itinerary
or proof of accommodation. Refer to your consulate's requirements and contact the
Office of Admissions for additional help.
Should you need a legal translation, you can find a
list of certified translators
recognized by the Spanish Foreign Ministry. You can search by country (
país
) and Language (
idioma
) using the search tool.
Remember that SLU-Madrid does not reimburse costs associated with applying for or
obtaining a student visa, even for a rejected application.
Applying from the United States
Nine Spanish consulates serve the U.S. in different geographic regions in addition
to Puerto Rico. With the exception of California, your state will be assigned to one
of the nine consulates. Verify which consulate corresponds to your state on the
Spanish Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation website
. Proximity to a consulate does not mean you are within that consulate's jurisdiction.
Confirmed students will receive additional information that details the student visa
process and timeline.
Certificates of Good Behavior/FBI Background Checks
Students applying for a visa of 180 days (degree-seeking students or study abroad
of two semesters) or more must obtain a certificate of good behavior, which documents
criminal activity or the absence thereof in the last five years. This is verified
by fingerprints at the federal level via the FBI.
Apply for an FBI background check
authenticated by the U.S. Department of State with the Apostille of the Hague Convention.
Choose the online option ($18) to avoid significant delays. Your criminal rap sheet
will arrive within 48 hours, after which you can have your fingerprints taken electronically
via Live Scan technology (about $50).
You can find a complete
guide to the FBI background check process
on the FBI website. Please plan to have your background check completed at least
10-12 weeks before your appointment, as it will need to be legalized by the State
Department and translated by a certified translator.
If you have lived outside the United States for at least six months in the last five
years, you will also need a background check from that country. Be sure to factor
this into your application time frame, as you may also need translations and legalizations.
Apostille of The Hague
The Apostille of The Hague is an authentication seal for documents obtained outside
the Schengen Zone. It certifies that the document is admissible within Schengen countries.
Obtaining an Apostille from the Department of State requires an additional application,
so allow up to three months for this process.
Read More About the Apostille of the Hague
In addition, your consulate may require certified translations; you can find a
list of certified translators
recognized by the Spanish Foreign Ministry. You can search by country (
país
) and Language (
idioma
) using the search tool.
For Fall 2025 students, the Apostille of the Hague took six to eight weeks to return.
We urge you to complete the FBI background check at least six months before the semester
start date to avoid visa delays and potentially having to defer your admission.
Remember that SLU-Madrid does not reimburse costs associated with applying for or
obtaining a student visa, even for a rejected application.
Frequently Asked Questions
Do I need a visa?
SLU-Madrid students who are not legal residents or citizens of the European Union
must apply for a visa to enter Spain and study at the Madrid campus. This usually
includes any student who plans to study for at least one semester.
If you are studying for less than 90 days and are a citizen of a country with a tourist-reciprocity
agreement (such as the United States), you do not need a visa to study in Spain or
at SLU-Madrid.
Which visa should I apply for?
There are two types of student visas for Spain:
Short-stay visa (valid for stays of up to 180 days): For students studying at SLU-Madrid
for under six months or one semester. This could be called a short-stay visa or a
"long-stay visa up to 180 days," depending on the consulate.
Long-stay visa (valid for more than 180 days): For students who plan to study at SLU-Madrid
for two or more semesters. This visa is required for students to obtain their student
residency card, the
tarjeta de estudiante
, within a month after arrival in Spain. This ID card — and its subsequent renewals
— will allow you to stay in Spain until the completion of your studies and to travel
in and out of the country. SLU-Madrid's Office of Student Life will assist you in
obtaining the
tarjeta de estudiante
.
Where should I apply?
Apply for your visa at one of the 117 Spanish consulates or at the consular section
of a Spanish embassy worldwide. To confirm where you should apply, consult the
Spanish Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation website
. Keep in mind that being geographically close to a consulate does not necessarily
mean you fall under its jurisdiction, and you may need to travel to another country
to apply. Visa applications must be submitted at least 60 days (and up to six months)
before your program's start date. (Please note: You cannot have an appointment 60
days before your program start date, without consulate permission).
Note that requirements vary greatly between consulates, both regarding how to apply
and which documents are required. Read the requirements carefully, as most frequently
asked questions regarding application procedures and materials are answered on each
consulate's web page.
Student visas for Spain take about four to six weeks to process from the time an applicant
submits a complete application. Remember that collecting the documentation you need
to present as part of your application can take time; this is especially true of document
legalizations and translations. Please plan accordingly.
What sort of documents will I need for the student visa application?
Generally speaking, a successful visa application will include, but may not be limited
to, furnishing the following:
Completed Spanish Visa application form found on your consulate's website. The forms
below are intended to assist you in completing the forms and are not fillable PDFs.
Model visa application form
(PDF) for Fall 2026 starts - study abroad students (one semester).
Model visa application form
(PDF) for Fall 2026 starts - study abroad students (one-year stay).
Model visa application form
(PDF) for Fall 2026 starts - degree-seeking freshman/transfer students.
Model visa application form
(PDF) for Spring 2027 starts - study abroad students (one semester).
Model visa application form
(PDF) for Spring 2027 starts - degree-seeking freshman/transfer students.
Passport must be generally valid for at least one year beyond the end of your first
academic year (June) and contain two consecutive blank pages. However, some consulates
will require validity until the end of your academic program. Make sure to verify
what your consulate requires.
Proof of financial means (
form letter
) (PDF). Please note that when a parent support letter is used, many consulates also
require the student's birth certificate.
2x2 Passport-style photo ID (in addition to your passport).
Proof of full-time university enrollment.
Proof of Spanish health insurance.
Proof of sufficient funds (
form letter
) (PDF).
Proof of housing.
Non-refundable visa fee.
Students staying two semesters or more must also present:
Criminal record check certificate.
Bilingual medical certificate (
form letter
) (PDF).
Your consulate's BLS office will provide a checklist and instructions for submission
and collection.
I will not be 18 before the start of the semester. How can I apply for a visa as a
minor?
When possible, SLU-Madrid suggests waiting until you turn 18 to apply for your visa.
If your birthday is less than six weeks before the start of your studies, you must
apply for a student visa as a minor (under 18).
The Spanish consulate may require you to present additional documents. The requirements
vary among consulates, so you must check with your corresponding consulate as to their
specific protocol.
At least one of your parents or legal guardians must accompany you to the consulate
to apply. The parent or guardian who does not attend must provide a notarized document
in which they authorize the present parent or guardian to request the visa with you.
Contact your consulate directly for special instructions if you are a minor living
in a single-parent/guardian household.
Spanish consulates routinely request additional documents, listed below, if you are
a minor:
Written authorization from both parents/legal guardians to travel abroad.
Certified with the Apostille of the Hague (In countries that are not under the Hague
Apostille Convention, you/your parents will have to take these documents to the Spanish
Consulate for the Spanish Consul to sign and stamp the Consul's seal.)
Notarized copy of parents' passports.
Original and notarized copy of your birth certificate (issued in the last 12 months).
Spanish authorities require minors to have legal representation in Spain to process
official paperwork. You are responsible for finding your legal guardian. A legal guardian
must be over 18 years old, a Spanish legal resident with the corresponding documentation
and be available to represent you in different matters. Your guardian could be a family
member or a family friend. The legal guardianship lasts until you turn 18.
SLU-Madrid faculty and staff are not permitted to assume this role. Host families
arranged by SLU-Madrid do not accept minors.
To establish legal guardianship, consult your consulate, as each may vary in terms
of required documents. You may need to secure the following before arriving in Spain:
Power of attorney from both parents or legal guardians authorizing the guardian in
Spain, certified with the Apostille of The Hague.
Original and notarized copy of your birth certificate (issued in the last 12 months),
certified with the Apostille of The Hague.
Your guardian in Spain must provide a letter assuming your legal guardianship while
you reside in Spain (in Spanish).
Within 30 days of your arrival in Spain, you must apply for a residence card (
Tarjeta de Identidad de Extranjero
or TIE) if you will be studying in Spain for more than 180 days. The residence card
establishes you as a legal resident in Spain during your studies. The visa alone does
not. To apply for a residence card, the Spanish authorities will request the three
documents listed above and a legal translation of the first two documents into Spanish.
Your legal guardian in Spain must accompany you to the appointment when you present
your residence card application. Your legal guardian in Spain must also accompany
you to pick up your card from the police authorities once it is issued.
How do I apply for a residency card?
Within 30 days of your arrival in Spain, you must apply for a residence card (
Tarjeta de Identidad de Extranjero
or TIE) if you will be studying in Spain for more than 180 days. The residence card
establishes you as a legal resident in Spain during your studies. The visa alone does
not.
Staff in the Office of Student Life will assist you in obtaining this document, and
you can find additional information on the
Legal Residency in Spain page
.