URL: https://www.slu.edu/madrid/admissions/visit.php
TITLE: Visit SLU-Madrid : SLU - Saint Louis University

Visit SLU-Madrid and Discover the American University in Spain
Experience what makes our campus special — whether in-person, at an online event or
by exploring SLU-Madrid virtually.
SLU-Madrid Fast Facts
Get to Know SLU-Madrid: Schedule an In-Person Visit
Madrid is a vibrant, safe city that makes a great tourism destination — and an even
greater place to study. We offer students, families and educational professionals
the chance to experience the SLU-Madrid campus through visits offered year-round.
Interactive Campus Map
Schedule a Visit to SLU-Madrid
Can't Make it to Campus? Visit Virtually
Discover campus life, academics and the benefits of earning an accredited American
degree abroad. We offer virtual information sessions, including selected events in
Spanish, and the opportunity to connect with current students over Zoom or via chat.
Virtual Information Sessions
Sign up for an informational session to learn about our academic programs, the admissions
process and where a SLU-Madrid degree can take you. New sessions are added frequently.
Browse Virtual Events
Chat with a Current Student
Connect with a current student to give you the ins and outs about life on campus and
living in Spain's capital. Find a SLU-Madrid representative whose profile interests
you and create an account to start chatting!
Schedule a Meeting
Ready to Make Madrid Your Campus?
Let's Get to Know One Another Better
We provide a quality Jesuit education in an international environment that nurtures
the mind, body and spirit of our students. SLU can claim a series of firsts — from
the first institution of higher education west of the Mississippi River in the United
States to the first American university program recognized in a foreign country —
and we want to put your global learning first, too.
View the Admission Process, Requirements and Deadlines
Learn About our Degrees and Programs
Spring 2025 Commencement Ceremony