URL: https://www.slu.edu/madrid/admissions/first-year-students.php
TITLE: First-Year Students : SLU - Saint Louis University

First-Year Students
SLU-Madrid seeks students who want to learn about the world through their academic
coursework and interact with an internationally diverse community. Be a part of a
more than 200-year tradition of scholarship and service and apply for admission.
The admission process at Saint Louis University-Madrid is highly personalized and
focused on student success; we look at each applicant to determine your preparation
and potential for college-level work.
We're here to help. Contact us at
admissions-madrid@slu.edu
to learn more about the admission process.
Apply
Create an account in the SLU-Madrid application portal or use the Common Application.
Common App
SLU-Madrid Application Portal
You can log back into your admissions portal, the Billiken Gateway, to upload documents
and check your status anytime.
The deadlines below reflect a
complete
application in which all supporting documentation has been received; you may upload
your academic credentials after application submission via Common App or your application
portal, so long as you meet the deadlines for a complete application.
Deadlines for applicants who require a Spanish student visa:
Fall: April 1
Spring: Aug. 1
Deadlines for applicants who hold European Union passports:
Fall: Jul. 1
Spring: Nov. 1
We encourage you to apply sooner to leave ample time to secure a student visa, if
needed, and avoid enrollment process delays.
Submit Your Documents
Submit the following supporting documents. Official transcripts and other academic
credentials can be uploaded directly to your application via Common App or your SLU
application portal.
Documents may also be sent through secure services such as Parchment to
admdocs-madrid@slu.edu
.
Personal Essay: As part of the online application, you will write a 500-word essay
on a topic indicated on the online application.
Official High School Transcripts or Academic Records: Seniors must submit a current
transcript. You must supply your final transcript and proof of graduation if you have
finished high school.
English Language Requirements: Non-native English speakers who have not studied all
four years in a U.S. high school must provide SLU-Madrid evidence of proficiency in
academic English. Consult our
English language requirements
page for more information.
Standardized Test Scores: Saint Louis University-Madrid is SAT/ACT test-optional for
students studying in the U.S. education system. If you feel that your standardized
test results do not represent your abilities and potential for future academic success,
you may choose not to submit your SAT and/or ACT scores. You will not be disadvantaged
in the admission process if you do not send test scores.
Additional Items for Consideration: While not required for admission, you may submit
the following items for consideration if you feel they strengthen your application:
Letters of recommendation
CV/Résumé
Admission interview
Check your admissions portal, the Billiken Gateway, frequently to see what has been
received and what is still missing.
Submitting Your Standardized Test Scores
If you would like your SAT/ACT scores considered with your application, SLU-Madrid
will accept both official and self-reported test scores for admission and merit scholarship
consideration.
Official test scores may be submitted in any of the following ways:
Sent directly from the testing agency. SLU-Madrid's school codes are 2586 (SAT), 5291
(ACT) and 7763 (TOEFL).
Sent by your high school counselor via email to
admdocs-madrid@slu.edu
or via an official school transcript.
Self-reported test scores* may be submitted in any of the following ways:
Enter scores in the testing section of the Common Application.
Submit screenshots or scanned copies of score reports to
admdocs-madrid@slu.edu
.
*The Office of Admissions reserves the right to rescind an admissions offer if discrepancies
in self-reported scores are found.
Other Test Scores
SLU-Madrid welcomes your application during your final year of secondary school, even
if your final grades and/or test scores are unavailable until the summer before enrollment.
In this case, we will review the academic materials you send and make an admissions
decision, contingent on receiving your final grades and test scores, if applicable.
Country-specific Information
Spanish Education System: Applicants from Spanish high schools must submit their secondary
school grades (3º ESO, 4º ESO, 1º Bachillerato, 2º Bachillerato) and EVAU results,
when available.
International Baccalaureate: International Baccalaureate (IB) diploma program candidates
must submit their high school transcripts (two years prior to IB, IB1 and IB2) and
IB final scores. Predicted scores may be sent if final scores are not yet available.
French Education System: Applicants studying in the French system must submit their
last three years of Baccalaureate (1º, 2º and Terminale) and the
relevé de notes du Bac
when available.
British Education System: Applicants studying under the British system must submit
their A-/AS-level marks and GCSE or IGCSE results. Predicted A-/AS-level marks may
be sent if final marks are unavailable during the application period.
Other: Applicants studying in other educational systems must present their secondary
school transcripts and other documentation (i.e. national entrance exam results or
school leaving certificate) that would qualify them to attend university in their
country of origin. For more information, contact your admissions counselor.
Application Review
Your application will be considered complete when the online application and all other
required or optional documents have been submitted. The Office of Admissions starts
reviewing applications for the subsequent fall semester on Nov. 1. After that date,
and once your application is complete, we will notify you about your admission decision
by email. Admission status notification begins on Dec. 1.
If your final grades or test scores are unavailable until after the application period,
we will review your application based on your latest high school transcripts and predicted
grades.
If you have additional questions, please reach out to
your admissions counselor
.