URL: https://www.slu.edu/madrid/admissions/military.php
TITLE: Military : SLU - Saint Louis University

Military
SLU-Madrid is honored to serve those who've already sacrificed so much in the service
of others.
Saint Louis University is dedicated to providing you with a world-class education,
outstanding faculty and advisers, and flexible scheduling. We value the contributions
you bring to our classrooms, our campus and our community.
Saint Louis University is proud to be listed among the 20 percent of colleges, universities
and trade schools that do most to embrace America's veterans as students.
The University also belongs to the
Yellow Ribbon Program
.
Learn About Veteran Benefits at SLU
SLU-Madrid seeks students who wish to learn about the world around them through their
academic coursework, as well as through interaction with an internationally diverse
community.
If you enjoy having your assumptions challenged, relish the opportunity to meet people
from different cultural backgrounds and look for opportunities to help others, SLU-Madrid
is the right place for you.
Apply to SLU-Madrid as a:
First-Year Student
Transfer Student
Study Abroad (Visiting) Student
Graduate Student
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs is solely responsible for determining eligibility
for education benefits. Direct questions regarding eligibility to its representatives
at
benefits.va.gov/gibill
or 1-888-442-4551.
Accessing VA Benefits at SLU
Before using VA benefits at SLU, all veterans and dependents must provide documentation
of eligibility. For veterans, this documentation includes your DD-214 and a certificate
of eligibility. For dependents, a certificate of eligibility and the U.S. Department
of Defense authorization for transferred benefits is required.
Contact Information
Leonard Dollenga
Veterans certifying official
DuBourg Hall, Room 119
314-977-2267
veterans@slu.edu
Direct eligibility and payment questions should be directed to the Department of Veterans
Affairs Regional Office:
VA Regional Office
P.O. Box 66830
St. Louis, MO 63166-6830
1-888-GI-BILL (1-888-442-4551)
benefits.va.gov/gibill