URL: https://www.slu.edu/madrid/admissions/information-for-college-counselors.php
TITLE: Information for College and Career Counselors and Independent Education Consultants : SLU - Saint Louis University

Information for College and Career Counselors and Independent Education Consultants
Saint Louis University-Madrid is a diverse academic community where your students
can discover themselves and their place in the world.
SLU-Madrid is the European campus of Saint Louis University, founded in 1818, one
of the oldest and most prestigious Catholic universities in the United States. Located
in St. Louis, and guided by its enduring Jesuit mission, SLU strives to create an
academic environment that fosters individual development that benefits the greater
good, champions intellectual curiosity and originality, and welcomes students of all
racial, ethnic and religious backgrounds. We are a compassionate community of thinkers,
changemakers and globally minded citizens.
SLU-Madrid has been educating global Billikens since 1967.
The American University in Spain
1600
students
75
+
nationalities
23
full bachelor's degree programs
1967
Madrid campus founded
Why is SLU-Madrid the Academic Home for Your Students?
As an innovator in international education, SLU-Madrid is widely recognized for its
highly rigorous and transformative American educational programs. The campus is home
to more than 1,600 students from the U.S., Spain and more than 75 other countries.
This creates an experience that is about much more than academics: it's about broadening
students' horizons while preparing them for their futures.
Who are SLU-Madrid Students?
There is not one archetype for a SLU-Madrid student, but they all share the same qualities:
they are open-minded, curious and want to contribute to and be embraced by a diverse,
supportive community.
Studying at SLU-Madrid allowed me to see reality in a different way and from multiple
perspectives. I better understand others: their values, their choices and their behaviors.
But SLU-Madrid is like a big family: we come together to face different challenges
and grow and improve from them."
Edoardo del Grosso, Class of 2023, Modena, Italy
Do you know a student who would thrive at SLU-Madrid? Encourage them to reach out
to learn more.
Request Information
Academics
If your students expect rigorous, experiential academic programs that challenge their
way of thinking and prepare them for the socioeconomic and cultural challenges of
the future, SLU-Madrid rises to the challenge. The University provides them with the
supportive infrastructure they'll need to achieve their scholarly and personal pursuits.
Your students can earn one of 23 fully accredited undergraduate degrees and two graduate
degrees that can be pursued entirely in Spain. What's more, SLU-Madrid offers more
than 200 courses each semester that fulfill degree requirements for undergraduate
majors available in St. Louis.
View Degrees and Programs
Explore Our Viewbooks
A Bridge to Europe – or to the U.S.
A SLU-Madrid degree is, at its heart, an American-style liberal arts education framed
within the context of a cross-continental experience. Our learning model prepares
students for a future in which flexibility, collaboration, creativity and cross-curricular
thinking will be keys to success.
Students from the U.S. can place their studies in a European context, and students
from around the world get a taste of American education — SLU-Madrid is regionally
accredited through the Higher Learning Commission, a U.S.-based accreditation organization.
All students have the option of studying at our main campus in St. Louis. This diversifies
the options available for their college education, including:
Earning their undergraduate degree entirely in Spain's vibrant capital city.
Beginning studies in Spain and then transferring to the St. Louis campus to complete
one of more than 40 undergraduate majors.
Transferring from another university to SLU-Madrid to complete one of the 23 majors
available in Madrid.
Studying abroad at the U.S. campus for a semester at the SLU-Madrid tuition rate or
experiencing Madrid as an exchange student for a summer, semester or academic year.
Accreditation
Affordability
SLU is consistently recognized as being an outstanding value, and your students will
earn a first-class Jesuit education at an affordable price. In fact, U.S. News and
World Report lists SLU as a Top 50 Best Value School (2022) and as a veteran-friendly
school. We are also Title IX compliant, meaning U.S. citizens and permanent residents
are eligible for federal aid via FAFSA (SLU's FAFSA code is 002506).
All students admitted to SLU's Madrid campus are considered for our merit-based scholarships
at the time of admission. We are also an ACT/SAT test-optional university and believe
that a student's test scores are not a measure of their potential contributions to
our student body and campus experience. An American education in Europe may be more
affordable than you think.
Explore Financial Aid
Connect with SLU-Madrid Anytime
Explore our virtual resources to learn more about the American University in Spain,
like a virtual tour of our urban campus — just steps away from Madrid's main sites
— or attend an online information session with admissions representatives and current
students.
Take a Virtual Tour
Attend a Virtual Session
Discover SLU-Madrid With a Fly-In
Join us for a counselor fly-in and discover SLU's unique educational programming,
rooted in the Jesuit tradition.
SLU-Madrid offers fly-in dates throughout the year. Our immersive programs will introduce
you to SLU-Madrid and to Spain's cosmopolitan capital city — there's even built-in
time for a
siesta
.
Please complete the following form to express interest in fly-in programs.
Sign Up for SLU-Madrid Updates