URL: https://www.slu.edu/madrid/admissions/index.php
TITLE: Your Dreams Are as Individual as You Are : SLU - Saint Louis University

Your Dreams Are as Individual as You Are
Make SLU-Madrid yours.
Saint Louis University-Madrid, the American university in Spain, can help you shape,
plan for and achieve your future. Choose your undergraduate or graduate degree from
nearly 60 programs, many with concentrations and minors that will allow you to truly
personalize your academic experience.
Start Your Application Today
Chat With a Current Student
Find a current SLU-Madrid student that you'd like to connect with to learn more about
campus life and living in Madrid. Create an account to get connected!
Connect With a Student Now
Can You See Yourself at SLU-Madrid?
The best way to see yourself at SLU-Madrid is by visiting! Schedule an in-person campus
visit.
Schedule a Campus Visit
You can also visit campus from the comfort of your home or join us for a virtual information
session.
Virtual Events Calendar
Visit Us Virtually
If you have questions, we're here to help! Write to us at:
admissions-madrid@slu.edu
First-Year Students
Begin your university experience at SLU-Madrid by applying as a first-year student.
Your first step is filling out our
online application
or the
Common Application
.
Transfer Students
No matter where you started, SLU-Madrid is a great place to continue your education.
Find out more about the
application process
and how your credits could transfer.
Study Abroad (Visiting) Students
Are you a current university student looking for a study abroad experience? Discover
what SLU-Madrid can offer you
as a study abroad student and submit an application to spend a summer, a semester
or an academic year in Spain.
Graduate Students
Enhance your professional prospects by pursuing a
master's degree in Spanish
or a
master's degree in Political Science and Public Affairs
.
Military
SLU-Madrid proudly supports the continued education of veterans and their families.
Contact us for more information
.
Application Deadlines
April
1
Fall admission (July 1 for EU passport holders)
Aug.
1
Spring admission (Nov. 1 for EU passport holders)
March
1
Summer sessions (for applicants who require a student visa)
April
15
Summer sessions (for applicants who do not require a student visa)