URL: https://www.slu.edu/madrid/admissions/transfer-students.php
TITLE: Transfer Students : SLU - Saint Louis University

Transfer Students
No matter where you began your educational journey, finishing your degree at SLU-Madrid
will cultivate cultural understanding and a deeper, more global approach to your career
path.
If you have attempted at least one academic year at the college level, you should
apply as a transfer student.
Transfer students declare a major in an
undergraduate degree program
that can be completed at SLU-Madrid.
Explore How Your Credits Will Transfer
SLU-Madrid makes every effort to apply all eligible credits from students' previous
institutions to their SLU degrees. Only courses in which you received a letter grade
of "C" or higher will be considered for transfer credit. If transcripts show a pass
as a grade of "C" or higher, SLU will approve transfer credit for these courses; this
includes courses taken as pass/fail, as long as the pass is at a "C" or higher.
SLU-Madrid accepts transfer credit for courses for which we have no equivalent. These
courses will transfer as elective credit and add to the student's total earned hours,
but they will not count toward degree credit. For example, if a student has completed
30 hours at another institution, SLU will transfer 30 hours. You should be aware,
however, that this credit may not transfer directly into degree requirements.
Most transfer students are enrolled for at least four semesters to earn their SLU
degree; 50% of courses that fulfill major requirements and 75% of courses that apply
to minor requirements must be taken at SLU.
Learn More About SLU's Transfer Credit Policy
Resources to Explore Credit Transfer
Option 1
: Consult
CollegeSource
to see what courses have previously been approved. Those that don't appear will be
reviewed separately.
Option 2
: See what AP, IB and CLEP scores will receive under "Credit by Exam" on
SLU's Credit for Prior Learning page
.
Option 3
: Use
Transferology
to see which AP, IB, CLEP and university-level courses have already been transferred
to SLU. Sign-up is free. Students outside the United States may not have access to
this page due to Transferology's security restrictions.
Use the resources above first to explore what courses have been previously examined
and articulated by SLU. This evaluation is a good faith estimate of how credits earned
at other institutions apply toward SLU's degree requirements. An academic advisor,
in consultation with faculty, will complete the official transfer credit evaluation
once you've paid the confirmation fee.
Students who choose not to enroll at SLU due to a discrepancy between the initial
evaluation and the final are eligible for a full refund of the confirmation fee.
Apply
Admissions
Create an account in the
SLU-Madrid application portal
or use the
Common Application
.
Common App
SLU-Madrid Application Portal
You can log back into your admissions portal, the Billiken Gateway, to upload documents
and check your status at any time.
The deadlines below reflect a
complete
application in which all supporting documentation has been received; you may upload
your academic credentials after application submission via Common App or your application
portal, so long as you meet the deadlines for a complete application.
Deadlines for applicants who require a Spanish student visa:
Fall: April 1
Spring: Aug. 1
Deadlines for applicants who hold European Union passports:
Fall: July 1
Spring: Nov. 1
We encourage you to apply sooner to leave ample time to secure a student visa, if
needed, and to avoid delays in credit transfer articulation and course registration.
Submit Your Documents
Submit the following supporting documents. Some academic credentials can be uploaded
directly to your application via
Common App
or your
SLU application portal
. Documents such as college transcripts must be sent through secure services such
as Parchment to
admdocs-madrid@slu.edu
.
Personal Essay
: As part of the online application, you will be asked to write a 500-word essay on
a topic indicated on the application.
Official Academic Transcripts
: You must submit official transcripts from all colleges and universities attended.
Proof of High School Graduation
: You must send a copy of your final high school transcript, diploma or secondary
school leaving certificate.
English Language Requirements
: Non-native English speakers who have not studied all four years in a U.S. high school
must provide SLU-Madrid evidence of proficiency in academic English. Please consult
our
English language requirements
page for more information.
Additional Items for Consideration
: While not required for admission, you may submit the following items for consideration
if you feel they strengthen your application:
Letters of recommendation
CV/Résumé
Admission interview
Application Review
Your application will be considered complete when the online application and all other
required or optional documents have been submitted. Check your admissions portal frequently
to see what you have submitted and what is still missing. The Office of Admissions
will review your completed application and notify you about your admission decision
by email. Admission status notification begins on Dec. 1.
Confirm That You Plan to Attend SLU-Madrid
Once you pay the confirmation fee, your advisor will start the formal process of ensuring
your coursework appears on your SLU transcript.
Information on Tuition, Fees and Methods of Payment
Submit all Transfer Credit Documents
Submit all transfer credit documents as soon as possible to
admdocs-madrid@slu.edu
, so that our advising team can work with faculty to process your transfer credits.
It's important that you get the credit for your hard work. It's also important for
us to ensure that your previous academic work has prepared you for academic success
at SLU-Madrid.
Academic Advising will require you to submit the following documents:
Official final transcripts, with grades for all semesters completed.
Course syllabi of all courses completed in which you received a grade of "C" or higher
for courses not previously articulated by SLU.
You can scan these if you've retained them yourself. If not, contact the institution(s)
where you have studied. Please note that courses graded at Pass/No Pass are not eligible
for transfer credit.
Writing samples
: To earn credit for a college writing course, please submit a copy of a final paper,
five pages minimum, that you've written for one of your courses (with or without your
professor's grade and comments).
Additional information
: Faculty and Academic Advising may request additional evidence to identify a course's
equivalency, including course assignments, exams, etc.
Register for Your First Semester at SLU-Madrid
Your academic advisor will share with you your official transfer evaluation. If courses
are pending due to a delay in receiving your final transcript or faculty review, we'll
do our best to estimate.
Your academic advisor will help you develop your academic plan and identify the classes
you need to take your first semester.
You are eligible for a full refund of your confirmation fee if you choose not to attend
SLU due to previous credits not transferring.