URL: https://www.slu.edu/madrid/admissions/visiting-students.php
TITLE: Study Abroad Students (Visiting) : SLU - Saint Louis University

Study Abroad at SLU-Madrid
Saint Louis University welcomes students who wish to enrich their university experience
by spending a summer, semester or year in the Spanish capital at Saint Louis University-Madrid.
SLU-Madrid has been educating global Billikens since 1967.
Learn More About Studying Abroad at SLU-Madrid
Why Study at SLU-Madrid
Choose from 300+ courses and seamlessly transfer your credits earned at SLU-Madrid
to universities in the United States. Classes are taught in English, but you can challenge
yourself to take Spanish courses and make the most of your time in Madrid.
Our student body hails from more than 65 countries. You will share classrooms with
students from around the world and with diverse interests, allowing you to gain a
global understanding of today's most important issues.
Enhance your experience by participating in student-led clubs and organizations, volunteering
in service and community outreach efforts, taking the stage in fine arts offerings,
or even discovering new talents. There's something for everyone.
SLU-St. Louis Students
Current Saint Louis University students from the St. Louis campus who wish to study
abroad in Madrid must speak with the Office of International Services and apply through
the SLU study abroad program portal.
Apply
Non-Saint Louis University Study Abroad Students
How It Works
If you're interested in studying at SLU-Madrid, you should first talk with your home
university's study abroad office to discuss how credits earned at SLU-Madrid can count
towards your degree and to see if a partnership exists. If so, follow your study abroad
office's instructions on how to apply — you may not need to fill out a SLU-Madrid
application.
If your university does not have an existing partnership:
Review our application deadlines and complete any study abroad requirements at your
home institution.
Check the expiration date on your passport to make sure it will be valid for a minimum
of six months after the program end date. If it expires sooner or has already expired,
renew your passport now. Important: a valid passport is a requirement to study abroad
and to pay your confirmation fee
Fill out our application, including the 250-word essay component.
Request that your home university send your official transcript to
admdocs-madrid@slu.edu
. Your advisor will be sent our study abroad authorization form via email. Their authorization
is needed before we review your application.
Keep an eye on your inbox for updates. Once admitted to SLU-Madrid, you'll receive
an admission email with the link to confirm enrollment, plus other important pre-departure
information.
Apply
Deadlines
The deadlines below reflect a complete application in which all supporting documentation
has been received.
Deadlines for non-Saint Louis University applicants who require a Spanish student
visa:
Fall: April 1
Fall and Spring (academic year): March 1
Spring: Sept. 1
Summer Sessions: March 1
Deadlines for non-Saint Louis University applicants who don't require a Spanish student
visa:
Fall: Aug. 1
Spring: Dec. 1
Summer Sessions: April 15
First-Year Study Abroad (Academic Gap Year)
Your freshman year will likely be your first time living away from home. Instead of
crossing county or state lines, we dare you to cross the pond. For those looking for
a unique start to their college career, SLU-Madrid allows you to earn college credits
in English while studying in Spain.
How It Works
Browse our
Course Descriptions page
and search the
schedule of classes
to see which are offered during your preferred semester(s). To confirm which classes
can transfer back to a U.S. university you plan to attend your sophomore year, consult
with that university about their degree requirements and course equivalencies.
Chat with a current student to learn more about Madrid. Our degree-seeking students
will be happy to help you discover life as a student in Madrid! (school term only).
Join a virtual session
hosted by admissions staff to discuss any questions you have.
Check the expiration date on your passport to make sure it will be valid for a minimum
of six months after the program's end date. If it expires sooner or has already expired,
renew your passport now. Important: a valid passport is required to study abroad and
to pay your confirmation fee.
Apply as a "
first-year student
" via the
SLU application portal
. Note application deadlines!
Confirm your enrollment.
For more information, contact the Office of Admissions at
studyabroad-madrid@slu.edu
or at (+34) 91 554 58 58.