URL: https://www.slu.edu/medicine/medical-education/md/admissions/how-to-apply.php
TITLE: How to Apply : SLU - Saint Louis University

How to Apply
The Saint Louis University School of Medicine encourages applications from students
who have achieved a high level of academic performance and who manifest in their personal
lives qualities compatible with a career that serves society.
The University's mission statement affirms the value of a diverse educational environment
to prepare students for life and work in a global society. To foster this mission,
the SLU School of Medicine strives to recruit, admit, retain and graduate a diverse
student body. Besides ethnicity, this diversity encompasses differences based on gender,
culture and economic circumstances.
Learn About SLU’s M.D. Program
Find Application Requirements
Get Answers to Frequently Asked Questions
Application Service
Saint Louis University is one of many medical schools using the
American Medical College Application Service
. AMCAS allows you to submit application materials to multiple participating medical
schools while requiring only one set of official academic transcripts. Saint Louis
University School of Medicine uses a rolling admissions process.
The AMCAS application becomes available each spring and the deadline for submission
of materials is Nov. 15.
Association of American Medical Colleges (AAMC)
655 K Street NW, Suite 100
Washington, D.C. 20001
202-828-0600
amcas@aamc.org
SLU-Specific Materials
Application information that is pertinent to all medical schools is on the AMCAS form.
Still, your application to SLU will only be considered for evaluation when the Committee
on Admissions receives all of the following materials:
Verified AMCAS application
MCAT scores (Applicants must achieve a highest total score of 502 or above to be considered)
AAMC PREview Professional Readiness Exam
(applicants are encouraged to register early; registration closes on
Wednesday, Sept. 30
)
All previous administrations of the PREview exam will be considered.
Supplemental application
Letters of recommendation
Photograph
Application fee*
* This non-refundable fee helps defray the cost of processing applications and reviewing
credentials. Fee waivers may be granted only to those applicants for whom AMCAS previously
waived its application fee.
The Committee on Admissions is unable to assume responsibility for notifying candidates
of missing application materials. It is, therefore, most important that you determine
that we receive the required credentials. Inquiries by email are encouraged.
The deadline for the receipt of all application materials is Dec. 15.
Additional transcripts reflecting your current grades must be sent to the committee
at the end of each quarter or semester to supply information concerning your progress.
Action on your application may be delayed if these are not submitted.
Early Decision Program
If you are applying only to Saint Louis University and would prefer to have an admission
decision by Oct. 1, you may
file through AMCAS
under the Early Decision Program (EDP).
Under the EDP, you must submit all required credentials to AMCAS and a complete application
to the School of Medicine by Aug. 1.
Applicants who choose this route may not apply to any other medical school accredited
by the
Liaison Committee on Medical Education
(LCME) prior to the EDP admissions decision.
If the committee accepts you on admissions through this process, you must attend Saint
Louis University School of Medicine and not apply elsewhere. If the committee does
not accept you as an early decision candidate, you will be considered as a regular
candidate and can apply to other schools after Oct. 1. Only applicants with exceptional
credentials should pursue the Early Decision Program.
Notification
SLU SOM’s Committee on Admissions is not able to interview every applicant. Therefore,
we invite only a select few for an interview and virtual presentation of the Health
Sciences Center.
Following that, each applicant is discussed in detail. The committee strives to evaluate
each application in its entirety and only then make a decision.
Application status decisions start Oct. 15. These statuses are accepted, not accepted
or deferred.
By April 30, most applicants, except those on deferred status, will have received
a final decision on their candidacy.
It should be noted that acceptances are contingent upon applicants maintaining high
academic performance and their continued demonstration of personal behavior reflecting
integrity, excellence in character and other personality traits deemed appropriate
for a doctor of medicine.
Helpful Information
Letters of Recommendation
Letters of recommendation in support of your application are required for a complete
application. If your school has a pre-medical advisory committee, a letter from the
committee is sufficient, and you also have the option to supplement your committee
letter with two additional letters of your choosing. If your school does not have
a committee, please request three letters of recommendation. At least one of these
letters should be from a college or university science professor. The two additional
letters are your choice and may be from an individual that you worked with (research
mentor, shadowed physician, service organizer, etc.) who may also speak to your strengths.
An insightful and in-depth evaluation by someone who knows you is of greater value
than a recapitulation of your academic work. While not required, the admissions committee
greatly appreciates seeing a letter from a clinical or service experience that was
longitudinal and meaningful to you.
It is the applicant's responsibility to ensure that all of the necessary documents
reach the Committee on Admissions. Please remember that your application is incomplete
until all letters of recommendation have been received. Please do not send additional
letters of recommendation, only the three required letters.
Personal Interview
Interviews of selected applicants will be conducted by invitation. Interviews will
be conducted virtually for the 2027 application cycle.
Interviews with the Committee on Admissions are absolutely necessary. Because the
interview schedule is crowded, make every effort to attend the interview on the date
selected to prevent possible exclusion later due to scheduling problems.