URL: https://www.slu.edu/medicine/medical-education/md/transfer-visiting-students.php
TITLE: Transfer and Visiting Students : SLU - Saint Louis University

Transfer and Visiting Students
The Saint Louis University School of Medicine may have one to two openings per year
for students to transfer with advanced standing into the third year.
We accept applications only from students currently enrolled and in good standing
in allopathic medical schools located in the United States and accredited by the
Liaison Committee on Medical Education Accreditation
(LCME).
Those who have previously earned a medical degree at another institution, whether
in the United States or abroad, are not eligible. Applications from students who have
failed coursework or have been terminated for any reason at another medical school
will not be considered.
If you are interested in transferring to the SLU School of Medicine, you must submit
the following materials:
Transfer application form
A copy of the AMCAS application that led to your admission at the medical school you
currently attend.
A letter from your dean of students recommending you and approving your transfer.
Letters of recommendation from two professors in basic sciences, such as anatomy,
biochemistry, physiology, pathology, pharmacology or microbiology.
An official copy of your Medical College Admission test scores.
Transcripts of your college record and of your first two years of work in medical
school.
The transfer application deadline is March 1.
Submit materials to:
Committee on Admissions
Saint Louis University School of Medicine
1402 S. Grand Blvd.
St. Louis, MO 63104
The Committee on Admissions will review transfer applicants with completed files.
After this preliminary review, you may be required to appear in St. Louis for a personal
interview. After applicants interview, the file is again reviewed by the committee.
You will receive notification of the committee's final decision.
Visiting Medical Students
Visiting Medical Student Elective Program Eligibility Requirements
Applicants to SLU’s Visiting Medical Student Elective Program must be in their final
year of medical school at a U.S. or Canadian medical school that is accredited by
the Liaison Committee on Medical Education (LCME) or Osteopathic medical school (AOA
accredited).
You must have successfully completed all preclinical training, basic core clerkships
(internal medicine, neurology, pediatrics, psychiatry, obstetrics and gynecology,
or surgery), and all portions of the clinical training prerequisites required for
the elective for which the application is being processed.
Acceptance is contingent upon you achieving adequate grades in basic science and core
clinical courses equivalent to Saint Louis University courses. Adequacy and equivalency
shall be determined by the Saint Louis University School of Medicine. Visiting students
are eligible for clinical Year 4 electives only.
Applications that are incomplete or have not met the eligibility requirements will
not be processed.
Personal Health Insurance
Evidence of health insurance (both hospitalization and major medical coverage) during
the proposed elective period is a mandatory portion of the application documentation.
This coverage is not offered or provided through Saint Louis University. If you do
not have health insurance, you must purchase it and provide proof of coverage before
the approval of your application.
Professional Liability Coverage
Evidence of professional liability insurance ($3 million) must be provided by your
home institution or purchased directly by you. This coverage is not offered or provided
through Saint Louis University. If your home institution does not provide professional
liability insurance, you must purchase it and provide proof of coverage before the
approval of your application.
Verification of Good Academic Standing
You must have verification you are in good academic standing at your school and are
authorized to take the chosen elective for the period designated on the application
form.
Duration of Electives
Visiting medical students may apply for electives in two- and four-week blocks but
the total time at SLU may not exceed 4 weeks. Exceptions can not be made to the block
schedule.
Application and Dates
Saint Louis University only accepts applications from prospective visiting medical
students through AAMC's Visiting Student Learning Opportunities
VSLO
(Visiting Student Learning Opportunities) platform.
Find out if your school is a member of the VSLO network
Prospective students should NOT contact SLUSOM departments or faculty directly, as
all visiting medical students enrollment is coordinated by the Office of Curricular
Affairs in the School of Medicine. Contact information can be found on VSLO.
Participation in an away rotation at Saint Louis University School of Medicine does
not guarantee that a student will be offered an interview with the respective residency
program at SLU SOM.
SLU SOM faculty are not obligated to provide letters of recommendation for visiting
medical students, and they may determine that a single four-week rotation does not
provide sufficient evaluative information to write a strong letter of recommendation.
All visiting medical students will be evaluated using SLU SOM’s standard evaluation
form. Evaluations will be sent to the recipient designated by your home institution.
Visiting medical students should not contact course directors with questions regarding
evaluations or grades. All inquiries should be directed to the student contact listed
in VSLO.
Observerships and Shadowing
Medical students are NOT allowed to participate in hands-off observerships or shadowing.
Elective Catalog
All available rotations are listed in the
VSLO
Electives Catalog.
When will the 2026 elective catalog be posted to VSLO?
The 2026 elective catalog will be released in late January 2026 and applications will
open in early March 2026.
The VSLO application portal will be opened at approximately 10 a.m. CST.  The portal
must be opened manually, so 10 a.m. CST is only and estimate.
What about 2027?
Catalogs for 2027 will be posted on a similar timeframe.
Elective availability changes rapidly once applications are open. The Office of Curricular
Affairs strives to update the VSLO catalog as quickly as possible, but please be aware
that listed availability will not always be accurate, especially in the first few
months after applications open.
2026 Rotation Dates
SLUSOM operates on a calendar year cycle for visiting medical students, with two-
and four-week rotations available between late April and end of December each year.
Two-week dates
April 27- May 10, 2026
May 11-May 24, 2026
May 25-June 7, 2026
June 8-June 21, 2026
June 22-July 5, 2026
July 6-July 19, 2026
July 20-Aug. 2, 2026
Aug. 3-Aug. 16, 2026
Aug. 24-Sept. 6, 2026
Sept. 7-Sept. 20, 2026
Sept. 21-Oct. 4, 2026
Oct. 5-Oct. 18, 2026
Oct. 19-Nov. 1, 2026
Nov. 2-Nov. 15, 2026
Nov. 16-Nov. 29, 2026
Nov. 30-Dec. 13, 2026
Four-week dates
April 27-May 24, 2026
May 25-June 21, 2026
June 22-July 19, 2026
July 20-Aug. 16, 2026
Aug. 24-Sept. 20, 2026
Sept. 21-Oct. 18, 2026
Oct. 19-Nov. 15, 2026
Nov. 16-Dec. 13, 2026
No visiting medical students are accepted from January through late April.
Rotation dates for 2027 will be posted in January 2027.
No off-block rotations are permitted (dates may not be lengthened, shortened or shifted.)
The SLU SOM Visiting Student Program undergoes continuous review and improvement,
and requirements and processes are subject to change. This was last updated on Jan.
22, 2026.
For more information on VSLO,
visit the AAMC website.