URL: https://www.slu.edu/medicine/medical-education/md/admissions/frequently-asked-questions.php
TITLE: Frequently Asked Questions : SLU - Saint Louis University

Frequently Asked Questions
Applicants to the Saint Louis University School of Medicine often have many questions
about the admissions process. This FAQ answers some of the most common questions we
receive about admission to the SLU School of Medicine.
How does your committee consider multiple MCAT scores?
The Committee on Admissions has access to all past scores from every MCAT attempt.
They will focus on the highest total score from a single exam sitting. We consider
all test scores to be valid within four years of the application year.
Does SLU SOM have a minimum GPA or MCAT requirement?
Our admissions committee evaluates applications holistically, including academics
and all other relevant experiences and we do not use any GPA cut-offs when considering
applicants. Applicants must achieve a highest total score of 502 or above to be considered.
You may find averages for the previously accepted class on the
Requirements and Standards page
. Other than the MCAT threshold, we do not pre-screen applicants; anyone who feels
they have a strong application is encouraged to apply.
What does “rolling admissions” mean for the SLU medical school application process?
As with many medical schools, SLUSOM uses a rolling admissions process. Applications
received early in the cycle may be invited to interview earlier in the acceptance
cycle and may be more likely to receive an acceptance early in the cycle when the
most positions are available. Once the class is full, we send offers of acceptance
as positions in the class become available. The acceptance process begins October
15 and goes until July before new student orientation.
What is the maximum number of letters of recommendation?
Every applicant is allotted a maximum of three letters of recommendation. The letters
may be from a pre-medical committee with the option of two additional letters or you
may submit three individual letters of recommendation. Applicants should not submit
additional letters.
Read "How To Apply" for Complete Requirements
I am a nontraditional applicant who has been out of undergraduate for some time, and
I have lost touch with my professors. Can I use other sources for my letters of recommendation?
The committee recognizes the challenge for nontraditional applicants to stay in contact
with undergraduate professors. Therefore, you are encouraged to find authors who may
provide a well-rounded endorsement for your candidacy at this point in your career.
For example, nontraditional applicants have used letters from postbaccalaureate professors,
employers, physicians they have shadowed or from individuals with whom they've done
research.
Is my AP credit acceptable for your basic course requirements?
The Committee on Admissions usually recognizes undergraduate credit for Advanced Placement
courses when indicated on a transcript. AP coursework is acceptable for prerequisites
except for biology and chemistry courses. Upper-level coursework may also be used
to fulfill the course requirements. For the most up-to-date policies on requirements,
please visit our
MSAR page
before submitting the secondary application.
I have not taken courses offered by the English department. Can I substitute another
class or must I enroll in English courses to be eligible?
You could enroll in English, literature or composition courses to be completed by
the end of the application cycle. Still, most writing-intensive, humanities-type courses
are acceptable to satisfy the English requirement. However, business, health or science-based
courses cannot be used to fulfill the requirement. When submitting your secondary
application, indicate this and provide supporting documentation, like a syllabus.
Applicants must have at least 18 credit hours total of English and/or humanities courses.
Why is Saint Louis University School of Medicine participating in the AAMC PREview
Program?
We are committed to enhancing people's health by training skilled, compassionate and
socially responsible students. Our students have a solid academic foundation, strong
interpersonal and communication skills, and demonstrate empathy, ethics and cultural
humility. The AAMC PREview exam provides an opportunity to assess these critical pre-professional
competencies. It identifies applicants who are prepared to learn about professionalism
in medical school and meet future healthcare challenges.
I took the PREview exam last year. Is that score still valid?
Yes, any PREview score you have received will be sufficient for this cycle.
I took the PREview exam twice. Which score will you consider?
Our committee can see all PREview scores but will focus on the highest score.
My application was rejected before completing the AAMC PREview requirement. If I complete
my application, can it be reconsidered?
No, all application decisions are final.
Can I be invited for an interview without a PREview score?
The PREview score is a required component of the application. Early in the application
cycle, applicants can be invited to interview without a PREview score, but their post-interview
decision will be withheld until a PREview score is received. Once all PREview administrations
have passed, we will cancel interviews of applicants who have not completed this requirement.
How will my PREview score be used?
The PREview score will be used post-interview as a part of a holistic review. It is
intended to complement the application, not detract from it.
Will the Committee conduct in-person interviews for the 2026-2027 application cycle?
Our committee will conduct virtual interviews via the AMP application software.