URL: https://msb.georgetown.edu/custom-executive-education/case-studies-testimonials
TITLE: Learn more: Custom Programs | McDonough School of Business |
    Georgetown University

Learn more:
Custom Programs
35 Articles
McDonough News
A Year in Review: Georgetown McDonough’s Top Moments of 2025
As the calendar year comes to a close, Georgetown’s McDonough School of Business is celebrating the successes, milestones, and accomplishments of 2025. We advanced key…
December 18, 2025
McDonough News
Georgetown McDonough Master’s and Executive Education Programs Expand to Capitol Campus in 2025
A select number of specialized master’s programs at Georgetown’s McDonough School of Business will soon expand to the university’s Capitol Campus to deepen connections to…
April 2, 2025
Jesuit Values
Beyond the Boardroom: How Shared Values Guided a KPMG Leader Through Crisis
There are moments in business when the impact stretches far beyond the constraints of the boardroom and reveals the humanity in all of. …
February 12, 2025
McDonough News
A Year in Review: Georgetown McDonough’s Top Moments of 2024
As the calendar year comes to a close, Georgetown’s McDonough School of Business is celebrating the successes, milestones, and accomplishments of 2024. We advanced key…
December 20, 2024
Business and Global Affairs
Custom Executive Education
Georgetown Partners with IFC and the Milken Institute to Strengthen Local Capital Markets
Georgetown University’s McDonough School of Business has partnered with the International Finance Corporation (IFC) and the Milken Institute to support the economic development…
September 11, 2024
Alumni
Beyond Business: Lead the Way
As the founder and executive director of the Qiyadat Global-Georgetown Women’s Leadership program and an alumna of the M.A. in International Business and Policy, Nouf Al’…
June 3, 2024
Rankings
Financial Times Ranks Georgetown Custom Executive Education Programs 8th in the United States
Georgetown McDonough’s Custom Executive Education programs were ranked among the nation’s best in the latest Financial Times Executive Education ranking, placing 8th in…
May 31, 2024
Custom Executive Education
The Booz Allen Hamilton and Georgetown McDonough Partnership
In the ever-evolving landscape of business, change is the only constant. Recognizing the pivotal role that change management plays in organizational success, Booz Allen Hamilton,…
March 1, 2024
Custom Executive Education
KPMG and Georgetown’s Americas Leadership Development Program
In the complex and dynamic landscape of global business, investing in leadership development is key to staying ahead. KPMG International, with its vast network spanning 152…
March 1, 2024
Custom Executive Education
Cultivating a Common Language & Empowering Leadership at AARP
In a dynamic world where organizations strive for innovation and adaptability, AARP, the nation’s largest nonprofit organization dedicated to empowering Americans 50 and…
March 1, 2024