URL: https://msb.georgetown.edu/custom-exec-education/faq
TITLE: Frequently Asked Questions | McDonough School of Business |
    Georgetown University

Frequently Asked Questions
What We Do
What is a custom program?
An executive custom program is designed and delivered specifically for your organization. While other organizations offer out-of-the-box solutions, we instead collaborate with you to tailor course content that will address your unique goals and needs. Our custom programs are centered around academic content taught by world-class faculty, integrated with site visits and sessions by guest speakers and practitioners.
What is the design and development process like?
Great question! Watch the video below to learn more about what it is like to work with us.
What types of organizations do you work with?
We work with a wide
variety of organizations
for executive leadership development, including global financial institutions, consulting firms, universities, professional organizations, and Fortune 500 companies.
We also partner with
Constructive Edge
, a specialist boutique corporate advisory firm headquartered in Canada, to provide knowledge-based offerings for governments, corporations, and communities across the globe, especially through industrial cooperation, offset, and other similar international programs linked to public procurements.
How long do custom programs last?
Custom programs can run anywhere from a one-day session to a multi-module, multi-month program.
What subject areas or topics can the program include?
We can incorporate numerous themes into our programs, including diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI), innovation and intrapreneurship, business analytics, sustainability and stakeholder engagement, leadership and change, fintech, leadership communications, global trade and operations, business and public policy, market strategy and nonmarket strategy, and business skills for public sector leaders.
Learn more about our offerings.
Who teaches in your programs?
Our instructors include
Georgetown faculty
, industry practitioners, and guest speakers whose areas of expertise are individually selected to meet our clients’ needs.
Design and Delivery
Can you deliver a program at my location?
Yes! We frequently deliver programs outside of D.C., including on nearly every continent.
Can you deliver a program virtually?
Yes! Even before the pandemic took learning online, our Custom Executive Education team developed expertise in creating hybrid programs that carefully blend virtual and in-person sessions, as well as synchronous and asynchronous learning.
Can you deliver a program on the Georgetown campus?
Yes! More than half of our programs take place at Georgetown. Course content is delivered in the Rafik B. Hariri Building, which houses the McDonough School of Business.
What are your current clients saying about you?
We are glad you asked! Here are
testimonials
shared by our clients.
Other
Do you offer courses or certificates for individuals?
We periodically offer courses for individual business and government executives looking to sharpen their skills and advance their careers. Certificate offerings are limited and dependent upon scheduling and demand. We invite you to fill out our
inquiry form
to let us know which topics interest you and to receive updates when courses are announced. Current offerings include:
The FINRA Institute at Georgetown Certified Regulatory and Compliance Professional (CRCP
®
) program for compliance, legal, and regulatory professionals. For more information and to register, visit
http://www.finra.org/industry/finra-institute-georgetown
.
How can I start a conversation with you?
To start a conversation with us, please fill out our brief
inquiry form
or send us an
email
. We look forward to chatting with you!
Let’s Start a Conversation
Reach out to set up a consultation or start a conversation.
Contact Us