URL: https://msb.georgetown.edu/news-story/career/mcdonough-undergraduates-report-record-salaries-after-graduation
TITLE: McDonough Undergraduates Report Record Salaries After Graduation | McDonough School of Business |
    Georgetown University

Career
McDonough Undergraduates Report Record Salaries After Graduation
Samantha Krause
February 4, 2026
The undergraduate Class of 2025 at Georgetown University’s McDonough School of Business reported strong employment results following graduation in May, reflecting students’ preparation for a dynamic and competitive job market.
According to the
2025 Undergraduate Employment Report
, graduates earned an average full-time salary of $102,780, surpassing last year’s record salary of $100,733, and an average signing bonus of $9,995. 97% of students seeking employment received an offer within three months of graduation, and 74% received a signing bonus (up from 70% last year).
$102,780
average full-time salary
$9,995
average signing bonus
97%
received a job offer within three months
“Our goal is not only to help students secure their first job, but to prepare them for purposeful and successful careers that align with their interests. The Class of 2025 demonstrated how a Georgetown education, grounded in rigorous academics, experiential learning, and a commitment to service, equips graduates to translate their talents into meaningful work across industries.”
Talia Schatz, Assistant Dean of Undergraduate Career Services
Graduates primarily pursued careers in financial services (59%) and consulting (20%), along with accounting, real estate, retail, and technology-related fields. The top employers included Bain and Company, Bank of America, Blackstone, BMO, Boston Consulting Group, Citigroup, Evercore, Goldman Sachs, Houlihan Lokey, JPMorganChase, McKinsey, Morgan Stanley, PwC, and UBS.
Experiential learning remained a hallmark of undergraduate education, with 95% of students in the class completing at least one internship by graduation. Internships, in addition to the variety of programs and treks offered by the
McDonough Career Center
, help undergraduate students explore various career paths and identify post-graduate opportunities. Internship employers included Bank of America, Blackstone, Evercore, Goldman Sachs, JPMorganChase, McKinsey, Morgan Stanley, PwC, TikTok Inc., Uber, and UBS.
The McDonough Career Center offers dedicated resources that support undergraduate business students with career exploration, resume and interview preparation, networking opportunities, and leadership development. Students benefit from one-on-one career coaching and a robust Peer Career Advisors group who support students through every phase of their professional journey.
Throughout the year, students have access to unique experiential career opportunities, including Career Treks to national and international locations to network with alumni and explore specific industries; Fridays in the Field, which take students on site visits to organizations throughout the Washington, D.C., area; a Sophomore Summit seminar to prepare students for the internship and career journey; a professional dinner to learn proper business etiquette; and bootcamps, most recently on the topics of finance and management consulting case interviews.
Many graduates in the Class of 2025 had the opportunity to join impact initiatives such as
Small Business Corps (SBC)
, which pairs experienced business students with small enterprises in under-resourced communities across the Washington, D.C., region through customized, project-based consulting.
Undergraduate students also have access to a robust alumni network for networking, mentorship, and career opportunities, strengthening ties among the best and brightest in the McDonough community. Alumni and students are encouraged to connect on the university’s digital connection platform,
Hoya Gateway
, to interact, share career advice, and offer industry insights and mock interviews. Students also can leverage Host-a-Hoya to job shadow alumni in their home cities and experience a “day in the life” in a particular industry or company. Recent host companies included YouTube, Uber Eats, Instagram, IBM, Citigroup, Deloitte, and more.
“The Georgetown alumni network is impressive, and the vast majority of alumni I reached out to for advice or insights gladly took time out of their busy days to hop on the phone with me,” said Andrew Bulgarino (B’25), who now works in investment banking at Evercore. “I also used many of the resources that the McDonough Career Center offered, including recruiting guides, networking advice, mentor connections, interview practice, and more. Simply put, Georgetown provided access to jobs to which I otherwise would not have been able to apply.”
Georgetown McDonough continues to be recognized nationally for career outcomes,
ranking among the nation’s top undergraduate business programs
and placing 2nd in career outcomes in Poets&Quants’ annual undergraduate rankings.
“Our mission is centered on empowering students to connect who they are with meaningful careers,” said Christy Murray, associate dean and managing director of the McDonough Career Center. “With the support of our faculty, alumni, and career coaches, students develop the confidence and preparation to move forward with purpose. We are immensely proud of the Class of 2025 for their accomplishments and for the positive impact they are already making in their careers.”
Read the
2025 Undergraduate Employment Report
.
Related Stories
Admissions
Undergraduate Class of 2029 Begins Their Transformative Experience at Georgetown McDonough
Rankings
Undergraduate Programs Place 4th in Poets&Quants Ranking
Tagged
Alumni
McDonough Career Center
Undergraduate Programs