URL: https://msb.georgetown.edu/news-story/rankings/financial-times-ranks-georgetown-custom-executive-education-programs-8th-in-the-united-states
TITLE: Financial Times Ranks Georgetown Custom Executive Education Programs 8th in the United States | McDonough School of Business |
    Georgetown University

Rankings
Financial Times Ranks Georgetown Custom Executive Education Programs 8th in the United States
Samantha Krause
May 31, 2024
Georgetown McDonough’s
Custom Executive Education programs
were ranked among the nation’s best in the latest
Financial Times Executive Education ranking
, placing 8th in the United States.
“We are proud to be recognized as a leader in Custom Executive Education programs for our global focus, commitment to our clients, and exceptional faculty,” said Elie Farhat, associate dean and chief of external affairs at Georgetown McDonough. “With our clients’ needs at the forefront and our interdisciplinary approach to business, we deliver highly customized and impactful programming to a growing number of organizations across the world.”
In addition to the overall ranking, among U.S. schools, Georgetown was listed as:
2nd (and 10th in the world) for the number of programs offered overseas;
2nd (and 11th in the world) for the breadth of its partner schools;
4th for the number of international clients; and
4th for faculty diversity.
McDonough’s Custom Executive Education programs draw interdisciplinary expertise across Georgetown University’s renowned schools, extensive connections to business and policy leaders in Washington, D.C., and a worldwide network of global connections to create targeted programs that address specific client needs. Pulling from the school’s internationally recognized faculty, each program integrates meaningful academic research and real-world insights to provide actionable strategies for growth and development.
Georgetown offers a depth of expertise to create programs across a variety of subject areas, including data analysis, global leadership, public policy, leadership communications, and sustainability business, among many others.
The Financial Times uses surveys of schools and individual clients to tabulate its ranking. Programs are evaluated on the following criteria: the level of interaction and coordination between the client and school; the design of the custom programs; teaching methods and materials; the quality of the faculty; the relevancy and innovativeness of skills gained to the workplace; the extent and effectiveness of follow-up information offered after the course; aims achieved; value for money; the likelihood of becoming a repeat client; the global reach of the programs in terms of clients and programs offered; revenue growth from custom programs; the quality and quantity of partner schools, faculty diversity; and overall client satisfaction.
Learn more about Custom Executive Education programs
at Georgetown McDonough.
Tagged
Custom Programs
Rankings