URL: https://msb.georgetown.edu/undergraduate/academics/program-team-advisors
TITLE: Program Team and Advising Team | McDonough School of Business |
    Georgetown University

Program Team and Advising Team
Patricia J. Grant
Senior Associate Dean
Patricia Grant is the senior associate dean for Undergraduate Programs at the Georgetown University McDonough School of Business. Grant is passionate about student success, integrating Jesuit values into undergraduate education, and creating high-impact student experiences inside and outside of the classroom. At Georgetown McDonough, she has revamped the undergraduate advising structure; expanded career trek opportunities; laid the groundwork for robust undergraduate research programs; contributed to curricular innovations such as an entrepreneurship fellows program and first-year seminar program; and created a variety of programs that foster Georgetown’s Jesuit ideal of “community in diversity programs that foster Georgetown’s Jesuit ideal of “community in diversity.”
Grant has more than 25 years of experience in undergraduate, graduate, and executive education program administration. She has taught courses at the University of Pennsylvania, the College of New Jersey, Temple University, and Georgetown University. Additionally, she worked in the Office of Executive Education at Penn to develop and launch six master’s and doctoral programs. She holds an Ed.D. and M.S.Ed. from the University of Pennsylvania, an MBA from Brown University, and an A.B. from Cornell University.
Program Team
Stephanie Bautista
Assistant Director
At McDonough, Stephanie Bautista supports student success by advising McDonough student organizations and leading programs that foster student belonging and inclusion.
Before joining Georgetown, she worked closely with advising undergraduate pre-professional business organizations. She holds a B.S. in behavioral and community health from the University of Maryland, College Park, and an M.A. in higher education and student affairs from New York University.
Adam Loew
Assistant Director
At McDonough, Adam Loew’s responsibilities include programmatic assessment, undergraduate research programming, and student-employee supervision.
Before joining the undergraduate team at McDonough, he worked for the McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Austin as an administrative associate in their Career Management and Corporate Relations department. Additionally, Loew earned his B.A. in political science/international relations from Carleton College in Northfield, Minnesota, and is currently pursuing his Master’s in Higher Education at Georgetown part-time.
Eric Lupo
Administrative Coordinator
As the administrative coordinator, Eric Lupo’s duties consist of student and staff event logistics, processing of expense reports, general oversight of the Undergraduate Programs Office, and scheduling for Dean Grant.
Before joining the McDonough School of Business, Lupo completed his B.A. from Florida Atlantic University (FAU) in Boca Raton, Florida, and eventually began working for his alma mater in various roles, including multiple administrative assistant positions within the Schmidt College of Medicine. While working for FAU, he was also able to complete his M.A. in political science.
Ginny Randall
Assistant Director
At Georgetown, Ginny Randall (she/they) serves as the assistant director for undergraduate career programs at the McDonough Career Center, where she leads key initiatives, including the Peer Career Advisors, Fridays in the Field, Treks, and the Kosoy Women in Business program. She also serves as the events lead for the LGBTQ+ Employee Resource Group. In her work with students, Randall provides leadership and career coaching that emphasizes tactical skill building, reflection, and actionable steps for students to achieve their goals in the workplace and beyond.
Before joining Georgetown, Randall accumulated over a decade of program management experience across industries, including innovation and design in higher education, diversity and inclusion advocacy in nonprofit management, and international policymaking at NASA. She holds a B.A. in public policy studies from Vanderbilt University.
Talia Schatz
Assistant Dean
At McDonough, Talia Schatz’s responsibilities include working collaboratively with students to help them define and achieve their professional goals.
Before joining the undergraduate team, she worked at Barnard College as a part of their Beyond Barnard career services team. She earned her MSW from New York University and a B.A. from Wellesley.
Justin C. Smith
Associate Dean
Justin Smith brings over 20 years of experience in higher education, providing leadership and strategic vision for initiatives that enhance the undergraduate experience. In his role, he oversees the program team and key institutional priorities, including strategic initiatives, undergraduate research, and accreditation. Throughout his career, Smith has prioritized well-being and flourishing, student formation and belonging, and co-curricular learning, fostering a thriving and inclusive academic community within McDonough.
A proud member of the Georgetown community since 2012, Smith has served in a variety of roles that reflect his commitment to student success. He earned his bachelor’s and master’s degrees from the University at Albany, SUNY, and completed his doctorate in leadership and management at Drexel University.
Advising Team
Cate Brewer
Advising Dean
Cate Brewer joins Georgetown from American University, where she taught and advised first-year students in the School of Public Affairs.
Prior to that, she served as a faculty fellow in Academic Services at the University of Mary Washington, where she also taught and advised students in the Department of Theatre and Dance. Brewer holds a B.A. in theatre from Washington University in St. Louis and an M.F.A. in theatre pedagogy from Virginia Commonwealth University.
Deborah Coburn
Associate Dean
Deb Coburn works with undergraduate business students as they navigate their academic journey at the McDonough School of Business. In her role, she oversees the advising team.
Prior to joining Georgetown, Coburn worked in financial aid, admissions, and academic advising. She earned a B.A. in history and public relations from Syracuse University and earned an M.Ed. in counseling in student affairs from the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).
Joyce Miranda
Advising Dean
At McDonough, Joyce Miranda serves as an academic advisor, providing guidance and support to students throughout their academic journey. She also works on GAAP weekends for admitted students, coordinates resources for external transfer students, and co-manages the Peer Ambassador program to build a welcoming and inclusive community.
Joyce worked in admissions for the University of Washington School of Nursing and Georgetown University’s School of Continuing Studies before joining McDonough. She holds a B.A. from St. Mary’s College of Maryland and her MPS from Georgetown University.
Nick Russo
Assistant Dean
At Georgetown McDonough, Nick Russo is responsible for a variety of student services that enhance the undergraduate experience, including co-directing the Business Scholars Program, co-directing the Georgetown Sustainable Business Fellows program, supervising McDonough peer tutors, and overseeing commencement activities for graduating seniors.
Russo has been working in higher education for over 10 years at various institutions, including his alma mater, Drew University, Stevens Institute of Technology, and Seton Hall University, before joining the undergraduate programs team at Georgetown McDonough. Russo is a dual graduate from Drew University, earning his B.A. in history and Spanish language and culture, as well as his M.A.T. in secondary education. He also earned his Ph.D. in higher education leadership, management, and policy from Seton Hall University.
Sara Skillman
Assistant Dean
Sara Skillman is an academic advisor and helps students during their academic time at McDonough. She also advises McDonough students pursuing a joint degree in the Dikran Izmirlian Program in Business and Global Affairs with the Walsh School of Foreign Service and in International Business, Language, and Culture (IBLC) with the College of Arts & Sciences. In addition, Skillman works with students pursuing study abroad and other global opportunities.
Skillman earned a B.A. in French and animal behavior from Franklin & Marshall College and an M.A. in higher education administration from The George Washington University. She joined Georgetown University in 2008, working first for the Office of Global Education before coming to Georgetown McDonough in 2016.
Catherine Vaz
Advising Dean
Catherine Vaz is an academic advisor to McDonough students and works on additional projects such as Commencement planning. She serves on Georgetown’s Honor Council.
Vaz is an alumnus of McDonough, where she earned her bachelor’s degree in 2008. After her undergraduate experience at Georgetown University, she worked in corporate finance and corporate real estate strategy for JPMorganChase for over 10 years in New York and California. She earned her Master of Science in higher education at the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom and began her education career at Georgetown Prep as their registrar.
Lauren Wagoner
Senior Assistant Dean
In her role at Georgetown McDonough, Lauren Wagoner is dedicated to supporting and guiding undergraduate students throughout their academic journey. In addition to advising students, she co-manages the Peer Ambassador program, fostering leadership and community engagement among students. She also plays a key role in planning new student orientation, ensuring a smooth and welcoming transition for incoming students.
Before coming to Georgetown McDonough, Wagoner was an academic advisor in the School of International Service at American University for several years. Prior to that, she worked as a study abroad advisor at The George Washington University, where she also completed an M.A. in higher education administration. She earned a B.A. in communications and Spanish from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Current student?
Access the most up-to-date information on our new website.