URL: https://msb.georgetown.edu/undergraduate/career-center/internship-courses
TITLE: Internship Courses for Undergraduate Students | McDonough School of Business |
    Georgetown University

Internship Courses for Undergraduate Students
Internships give students the opportunity to apply concepts learned in the classroom and to understand how a business really operates.  In some cases, students may need or want to earn academic credit for the work performed at an internship.  Georgetown McDonough provides that opportunity to students to earn credit.
Register for MGMT 4950, 2925, 3925, or 4925
Want to learn more about Georgetown McDonough internship courses?  Read below for Frequently Asked Questions.
Frequently Asked Questions
Where is the link to register for MGMT 4950, 2925, 3925, or 4925?
Register for MGMT 4950, 2925, 3925, or 4925
Do I need to earn academic credit for an internship?
Earning academic credit for internship work is necessary in some cases and optional in others.  Students are
required
to earn academic credit in conjunction with their internship when:
A student is an international student with an F-1 visa;
A student is using the internship to satisfy the Georgetown McDonough’s International Political Economy and Business major internship requirement (in which case the internship will require faculty approval BEFORE the internship begins);
The employer requires the intern/student to earn academic credit.
In all other cases, it is optional for a student to earn academic credit in conjunction with an internship.
How does the course work?
Students can earn academic credit for a total of three semesters of work over the undergraduate career.  Each course described below is conducted via Canvas and email, so no in-person meetings will take place.  Depending on the course, students will be asked to submit reflection papers, a final paper and a letter of support from their supervisor.
What are the classes available to students to earn academic credit?
MGMT 4950
(Georgetown McDonough students only): A 3-credit course available to current or rising juniors and seniors in the McDonough School of Business with at least at 3.0 GPA.  The course is taken for a
letter grade factored into the student’s GPA
and will count as either a free elective towards the 120 credit requirement or towards the McDonough International Political Economy and Business major.  Students must complete 120 hours at the internship over the course of the semester or summer and fulfill all course requirements.
MGMT 2925
(All Schools): This course is offered as a
pass/fail course
and is worth one credit.  Students must be in good academic standing (minimum GPA of 2.0) and is open to any current or rising sophomore, junior, or senior.  It does not count towards any major but it does count towards the 120 credits required for graduation. Students must complete 60 hours at the internship over the course of the semester or summer and fulfill all course requirements.
MGMT 3925
(All Schools): This is the same course as MGMT 2925 but is for students who have already completed MGMT 2925.  This course is offered as a
pass/fail course
and is worth one credit.  Students must be in good academic standing (minimum GPA of 2.0) and is open to any current or rising sophomore, junior, or senior.  It does not count towards any major but it does count towards the 120 credits required for graduation. Students must complete 60 hours at the internship over the course of the semester or summer and fulfill all course requirements.
MGMT 4925
(Non-MSB Students): This course is only available to students outside of the McDonough School of Business who have already completed MGMT 2925 and 3925.  This is the same course as MGMT 2925. This course is offered as a
pass/fail course
and is worth one credit.  Students must be in good academic standing (minimum GPA of 2.0) and is open to any current or rising sophomore, junior, or senior.  It does not count towards any major but it does count towards the 120 credits required for graduation. Students must complete 60 hours at the internship over the course of the semester or summer and fulfill all course requirements.
What “counts” as an internship?
Internships must have a supervisory component to the experience.
Have a meaningful work component relevant to the course of study at Georgetown.
Be at least 60-120 hours over the course of the semester or summer, depending on which course the student is enrolled in.
If the student is using the internship to satisfy the internship requirement for the International Political Economy and Business major, the internship must be pre-approved by Professor Mario Ramirez.
What if my internship is not in Washington, D.C.?  How do I participate in the course?
MGMT 4950, 2925, 3925, and 4925 all take place via Canvas and e-mail, therefore all assignments are completed and turned-in online.  There are no in-person meetings.
How do I register for MGMT 4950, 2925, 3925, and 4925?
Complete the online form.
Upon completion, the student should await professor approval, which will be done via email.
Once the course professor has approved the internship, the student will then be registered for the course by the Registrar via the Undergraduate Program Office.
International Students:
Upon internship approval, international students (F-1 visa) will then need their CPT form signed by Dean Sara Skillman in the Undergraduate Program Office. Students are responsible for obtaining the form from the Office of Global Services (OGS), obtaining the signature and returning the form to OGS.
What are the deadlines to apply?
Fall semester: October 1
Spring semester: February 1
Summer: June 1
Can I earn money while earning academic credit?
It is up to the employer and the student to determine reimbursement for work.  Students can participate in a paid internship or an unpaid internship and can earn academic credit in addition to payment or in lieu of payment.  Students can still register for any internship course in any payment situation.
Note: While unpaid internships are acceptable, we encourage employers to meet all of the Department of Labor criteria under the
Fair Labor Standards Act
.
What if my internship is longer than a semester?
If you would like or need to continue earning credit for an internship lasting more than a semester, students still must enroll in the next course in the sequence for each semester worked.  In other words, students must re-register for an internship course for each semester they work, regardless of whether the internship is the same internship or a new one.  Please note that U.S. law prohibits international (F-1 visa) students from interning for more than three semesters.
How do I know if the experience will be beneficial to my career?
The McDonough Undergraduate Career Development Center nor Georgetown University can guarantee that all internships will be a valuable experience, nor that all employers are legitimate.  It is up to the student to perform due diligence on each employer and position they apply to, to ensure that the employer is legitimate and the position is relevant to his or her academic and career goals.
Other questions?  Please
contact
the McDonough Undergraduate Career Development Center.