URL: https://msb.georgetown.edu/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate Business Degree | Georgetown University

Undergraduate
The world needs bold, innovative, caring and committed leaders who can cast aside personal limitations for the good of society and all humankind. The McDonough Undergraduate Program seeks to expose, encourage and accelerate these leaders in all dimensions of human endeavor. There are no limits except those our minds create.
Why Choose Georgetown McDonough?
Since 1957, McDonough School of Business has educated global business leaders. A rigorous curriculum inclusive of experiential learning, international case competitions, research, and consulting projects for private and nonprofit clients all guided by world-class faculty will prepare you to lead ethically. Graduate ready for a transformative career.
Why McDonough
Undergraduate Viewbook
Academics and Curriculum
Georgetown McDonough shapes students to be ethically responsible and effective business leaders, ready to tackle the world’s most complex challenges. Offering a truly transformative educational experience, McDonough provides you with fully established global programs, entrepreneurship opportunities, professional engagements, and experientially-rich curricular options to empower you to make a difference in the world.
#4
Best Undergraduate Business School in the Nation
(Poets & Quants)
$100,733
Average Full-Time Salary
(Undergraduate Employment Report 2024)
#3
in International Business
(U.S. News and World Report)
Dikran Izmirlian Program in Business and Global Affairs
Georgetown’s prestigious and highly-selective joint degree from the McDonough School of Business and the Walsh School of Foreign Service equips leaders for today’s interconnected global landscape.
Learn more about the Izmirlian Program
Commitments and Values
Jesuit value of women and men for others
Our students see business as a solution to the world’s most pressing problems and a benefit to both shareholders and society.
Helping you become global ready
In today’s environment, business has no borders. Through courses like the Global Business Experience, and opportunities to study or complete an internship abroad, we’ll prepare you to lead on the global stage and graduate with a deep understanding of cultures and business practices around the world.
Fostering a diverse culture
Our students are smart, ambitious, and inclusive. We value a collaborative community, not cutthroat competition.
Introducing you to our Washington D.C. neighbors
Our vibrant location in Washington, D.C., provides incredible access to the movers and shakers of the world and opportunities to serve organizations that help our region’s most vulnerable populations.
Helping You Succeed
Our academic advisors and career coaches support our students throughout their time on the Hilltop and help them explore career paths, create job and internship strategies, and connect them to alumni for networking and mentorship.
Academics & Curriculum
At McDonough, a wide range of course offerings are available to undergraduate students. From business to liberal arts classes, there are a variety of opportunities for students to establish well-rounded academic and personally tailored experiences.
Apply
Academics & Curriculum
Global Programs
Academic Learning Goals
Student Life
Lifelong friendships and meaningful relationships are built every day at McDonough. Through student-run organizations, academic programs, volunteer opportunities, and more — Hoyas can connect with their community in various ways.
Student Life at McDonough
Student Organizations
Student Research
McDonough Career Center
The McDonough Career Center supports students through their process of self-discovery, career education, and network-building to create a career that will carry them throughout life.
Undergraduate Career
For Parents
Parents and alumni play an integral part of an undergraduate’s college experience. In return, we offer several ways for parents and alumni to remain involved on the Hilltop.
For Parents
Costs & Financial Aid
As you invest in your future, learn more about Georgetown McDonough’s tuition costs and financial aid information.
Costs & Financial Aid
Transfer Internally to the McDonough School of Business
Currently enrolled Georgetown University undergraduate students in the Georgetown College of Arts & Science, the School of Foreign Service, School or Health, or the School of Nursing, can opt to internally transfer to the McDonough School of Business.
For Prospective Internal Transfers
Undergraduate News
All Undergraduate News
Career, Student Experience
Four Alumni with Majors That Led Them in Unexpected and Successful Directions
Early on in her internship at L’Oréal, Megan Malhame (B’15) found that her minor in classical studies set her apart. The alumna was inspired by illustrations in her mythology textbooks, and, years later, continues to bring this creativity to her day job as director of L’Oréal skincare for Walgreens.
April 14, 2026
Leadership
Meet Luis Maes: The Sports Leader Who Maximizes Human Potential
Luis Maes, executive director of the Sports Business Program at Georgetown’s McDonough School of Business, has built a career at the intersection of sports, business, and public policy. From early…
April 13, 2026
Student Experience
Why I Chose Georgetown’s McDonough School of Business
Sarah Brannigan (B’28) explains why she chose Georgetown McDonough to study business: from professors, professional development, and experiential learning opportunities.
April 13, 2026