URL: https://msb.georgetown.edu/undergraduate/transfer-internally-mcdonough
TITLE: Transfer Internally to the McDonough School of Business at Georgetown University | McDonough School of Business |
    Georgetown University

Transfer Internally to the McDonough School of Business at Georgetown University
Georgetown University students enrolled in the Georgetown College of Arts & Sciences (CAS), the School of Foreign Service (SFS), School of Health (SOH), or the School of Nursing (SON), can apply to internally transfer to the McDonough School of Business (MSB) after having completed a minimum of two semesters, or one academic year of residency in their home school. The outcome of an application is based on the applicant’s academic record at Georgetown, the transfer application essay, space availability, and the viability of the academic program. Students are eligible to apply at the end of the Spring semester of their First-Year and either in the Fall or Spring semester of their Second-Year. The deadline each semester to apply is the last day of classes each semester (not the last day of the Final Exam period).
Before completing an application, interested applicants should do the following:
Fully acquaint yourself with the
McDonough School of Business undergraduate curriculum
, including core requirements and major requirements for the program(s) that interest you.
Review the school’s academic regulations as policies differ across schools.
(Optional) Attend one of the information sessions about the internal transfer process.
Spring 2026 Virtual Information Sessions
Monday, March 23, 2026 at 12:00 p.m. |
Zoom
Friday, April 17, 2026 at 4:00 p.m. |
Zoom
(Optional) Attend one of the monthly office hours dedicated to non-McDonough students to meet with an advising dean to learn more about the application process. These office hours will be held in the Undergraduate Programs Office. If you are unsure of the office’s location, please reach out to
Dr. Nick Russo, Assistant Dean
.
Spring 2026 Office Hours
Friday, February 13, 2026 from 12:00 p.m. to 1:00 p.m.
Friday, March 13, 2026 from 12:00 p.m. to 1:00 p.m.
Friday, April 10, 2026 from 12:00 p.m. to 1:00 p.m.
Review the
Internal Transfer Application Frequently Asked Questions sheet
.
Complete the application and submit it on or before the last day of classes.
All applications are due April 28, 2026, at 5 p.m., no exceptions.
Letters of recommendation are not required and should not be submitted with applications.
Internal Transfer Application
Applications for a Fall 2026 start will open later this semester. All applications are due on the last day of classes, Tuesday, April 28 at 5 p.m., no exceptions. Students who applied to internally transfer to the McDonough School of Business for a Fall 2026 start will be notified of a decision in mid to late June.
Applicants are evaluated based on their academic record at Georgetown (including the completion of quantitative courses), personal statement of interest in pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in the business school, academic and disciplinary standing, space availability, and having completed the minimum residency requirements as outlined above.
Applicants with additional questions are encouraged to reach out Dr. Nick Russo, Assistant Dean, at
msbundergrad@georgetown.edu
.