URL: https://msb.georgetown.edu/undergraduate/student-life/build
TITLE: Business Undergraduates Invested in Leadership Development (BUILD) | McDonough School of Business |
    Georgetown University

Business Undergraduates Invested in Leadership Development (BUILD)
Launched in 2013, the Business Undergraduates Invested in Leadership Development (BUILD) program is a one-week, pre-orientation experience designed for incoming first-year and transfer students of all backgrounds. BUILD provides a strong foundation for academic and professional success while helping students form meaningful connections as they transition to college life.
Beyond Orientation: The BUILD Community
BUILD continues throughout the academic year with ReBUILDs—ongoing professional development and community-building events during the fall and spring semesters. Students in the program focus on:
Business Fundamentals:
Participate in engaging sessions with McDonough School of Business faculty covering key areas such as accounting, finance, marketing, management, international business, business ethics, and entrepreneurship.
Mentorship and Peer Support:
Connect with upperclassmen mentors to build relationships across class years and foster a supportive community.
Corporate Visits:
Gain real-world insights through visits to top companies like Capital One, Deloitte, Google, LinkedIn, Marriott, Oracle, Gallup, and PwC. These visits include networking with corporate leaders and Georgetown alumni.
Team-Building Activities:
Take part in activities such as a case competition and scavenger hunt to build camaraderie and get oriented to life on the Hilltop.
Through faculty engagement, mentorship, corporate exposure, and peer-led activities, students develop lasting networks and critical skills to support their academic, personal, and career journeys.
BUILD 2026 Dates: August 16-21
For more information, check out the recording below from the most recent BUILD Information Session in May 2025, and make sure to follow our Instagram (@georgetownbuild) to be updated about our upcoming information session this summer
Student Experience
“If you are thinking about applying to BUILD, just do it. I promise you there are no regrets! BUILD is more than just a 5-day pre-orientation program. The community you form will follow you throughout your time at Georgetown and beyond. I was reminded of this on the first day of my freshman year, walking across campus and realizing that over 50 people already knew my name. As a first-generation college student, knowing I have the support of peers and upperclassmen who are there to answer questions and make me feel like I belong has made my Georgetown experience incredibly fulfilling.”
Amirah Abdul (B’29)
“BUILD was honestly the best decision I could have made entering Georgetown. At first, the idea of leaving my family a week early and cutting summer short was quite unappealing. However, I chose to apply and could not be more grateful for doing so. My amazing BUILD mentors and coordinators helped me find a home at Georgetown and supported me throughout my first year. From course selection to club applications, my mentors have been approachable and generous with their time. If you are an incoming freshman considering BUILD, I strongly encourage you to apply!”
Evan McCormick (B’29)
“If you’re looking for a community that genuinely supports you and your success at Georgetown, BUILD is it. From seeing familiar faces around campus to meeting some of my closest friends, I’m so grateful for the people I’ve met through BUILD. The support and mentorship extend well beyond BUILD week and have prepared me so well for the rest of my time at Georgetown. I can’t recommend applying enough!”
Elizabeth Liu (B’29)
Questions?
Follow us on Instagram
Contact Us About BUILD
All programs and activities are open to all Georgetown University students regardless of race, national origin, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, disability, age, or any other characteristic protected under
University policy
or applicable law.