URL: https://msb.georgetown.edu/undergraduate/academics/curriculum/sports-business-fellows-program
TITLE: Sports Business Fellows Program | McDonough School of Business |
    Georgetown University

Sports Business Fellows Program
Today’s sports industry is a fast-growing, multifaceted global enterprise that influences nearly every aspect of society – from economics and technology to culture and ethics. As the business of sports continues to expand, so does the demand for sharp, strategic thinkers who can combine their passion for the game with the skills to lead on a global stage. At Georgetown University’s McDonough School of Business, undergraduate students can meet that challenge through the
Sports Business Fellows program
– a selective, hands-on fellowship designed to develop the expertise, mindset, and network needed to drive the future of this dynamic field.
Through specialized coursework, experiential learning, and engagement with senior industry leaders, Fellows will gain a deep understanding of the global sports marketplace and its connection to broader business and societal trends. Unlike other sport management programs, Georgetown’s approach prepares students to be business leaders first, applying core business principles through the lens of sports. With access to immersive classes, exclusive mentorship, speaker events, career advising, and industry connections, Fellows will graduate ready to launch impactful careers in global sports business.
Admissions
The fellowship program is open exclusively to Georgetown McDonough undergraduate students.
Program Overview and Requirements
The Sports Business Fellows program is open to undergraduate business students in good academic standing who demonstrate a strong interest in pursuing a career in or adjacent to the sports industry. Fellows must complete designated sports business coursework to maintain their standing in the program.
Core Requirements
The Business of Global Sports (STRT 2220)
Elective Requirements: Fellows must complete 6 credits from the following list:
Courses listed below are in development and may be subject to change.
Accounting in High-Performance Organizations
Valuation for Sports
People Analytics for Sports
Decision Analytics and Sports
Lessons from Sports for Individuals, Teams, and Leaders
Sports Marketing Strategy
Statistics for Sports
Public Policy and Sports
Contact
For academic questions:
Contact the academic director, Professor Michael O’Leary
For admissions or application support:
Contact the Undergraduate Programs Office
All programs and activities are open to all Georgetown University students regardless of race, national origin, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, disability, age, or any other characteristic protected under
University policy
or applicable law.
Frequently Asked Questions
How do I apply to the Sports Business Fellows program?
An application is available to eligible students who are interested in becoming a Sports Business Fellow.
Who is eligible to apply?
The Sports Business Fellows program is available exclusively to Georgetown McDonough undergraduates. Students must be able to complete the 9-credit requirement prior to graduation; therefore, we encourage first-years and sophomores to apply. Juniors may apply, but they will have less time to access the benefits of the fellowship and less time to complete the 9 credits of coursework. Current Business and Global Affairs and International Business, Language, and Culture students are also eligible to participate in the program.
Are there prerequisites to joining the Sports Business Fellows program?
No. Enrollment in The Business of Global Sports (STRT 2220)
is strongly encouraged.
What career paths are relevant to the Sports Business Fellows program?
Sports Business Fellows can pursue a variety of careers, including opportunities in venture capital, growth equity, consulting, media and technology, marketing, operations and analytics, and more.
Review a list
of sample roles and firms.