URL: https://msb.georgetown.edu/undergraduate/academics
TITLE: Academics & Curriculum - McDonough School of Business

Academics & Curriculum
Become a Hoya
Start your journey at Georgetown University, where an unmatched undergraduate experience awaits. Learn more about the admissions process and how to showcase your strengths as a standout applicant.
Apply
Explore Undergraduate Curriculum
Georgetown McDonough offers three premier undergraduate business programs designed to develop the next generation of global business leaders. Students gain a strong foundation in business and the liberal arts while engaging with Georgetown’s vibrant culture of research, teaching, and service.
Explore Curriculum
McDonough Undergraduate Bulletin
The Georgetown University Bulletin for the McDonough School of Business is your go-to resource for current academic policies, procedures, and degree requirements.
Undergraduate Bulletin
Declaring A Major
Students typically declare their major by the March of their sophomore year. We recommend reviewing the requirements for each major and using the What-If function in the GU Experience Degree Audit tool to explore your options.
Already a student?
Visit our updated site for the latest academic information.
If you have questions, your academic dean is here to help.
Learning Goals
Business Knowledge and Analytical Skills
Graduates will be equipped with analytical, management, and quantitative skills to drive organizational performance and innovation.
Ethical and Social Justice Perspective
Graduates will understand the moral responsibilities of business leaders toward all stakeholders and the environment.
Global Perspective
Graduates will cultivate a multicultural and global mindset, preparing them to lead in international business environments.
Communication Skills
Graduates will be able to communicate effectively across contexts to support organizational goals and address challenges.
All programs and activities are open to all Georgetown University students regardless of race, national origin, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, disability, age, or any other characteristic protected under
University policy
or applicable law.