URL: https://msb.georgetown.edu/undergraduate/academics/global-programs/global-business-fellows
TITLE: Global Business Fellows | McDonough School of Business |
    Georgetown University

Global Business Fellows
Integrating Business, Policy, and International Insight
The Global Business Fellows (GBF) program is a competitive, cohort-based initiative for undergraduate students at Georgetown University’s McDonough School of Business. Designed for students interested in the intersection of international business and public policy, the program offers a unique academic experience that integrates business fundamentals with global affairs.
Students in the GBF program pursue a business major of their choice while working closely with dedicated academic advisors to tailor their coursework to match their individual goals and interests. Students typically apply during the spring of their sophomore year.
Current student? Learn more about the latest application timeline and requirements on the
McDonough
and
SFS
websites.
Program Structure
The Global Business Fellows program has three distinctive and inter-connected components:
Interdisciplinary Curriculum
Global Business Experience
Public Policy Programming
Interdisciplinary Curriculum
Fellows complete a common set of courses in business, economics, and international affairs, designed to enhance their understanding of the global business landscape. These courses complement—not replace—the student’s chosen major, adding both breadth and depth across disciplines.
The Global Business Experience (GBE)
As part of the program, Fellows participate in a semester-long, faculty-led consulting course. In this course, students work in teams to address a real-world business challenge for an international client from the private, public, or nonprofit sector.
The course culminates in a comprehensive project and presentation. In many cases, students travel abroad to the client’s location for on-site delivery of findings to senior leadership.
Public Policy Programming
Located in the heart of Washington, D.C., Georgetown offers unparalleled access to global institutions and policymakers. Each semester, GBF students engage in tailored programming that connects them with the international policy community.
Examples include site visits and events with:
The U.S. Department of State
The Federal Reserve
The International Monetary Fund
The World Bank
The U.S. Trade Representative
Foreign embassies and global leaders
Fellows also receive invitations to special events hosted by Georgetown featuring top executives.
Experiential Learning and Enrichment
In addition to the academic curriculum, GBF offers hands-on, co-curricular opportunities that enhance global awareness and career development:
Workshops
: Past examples include a private equity workshop at Blackstone headquarters in New York City, hosted by Joseph Baratta (B’93), global head of private equity.
Global Business Trek
: Fellows have traveled to Panama to study global trade through visits to the Panama Canal and Free Trade Zone.
Embassy Series
: The program hosts receptions and engagements with diplomats. Past events featured ambassadors from Italy, Norway, and Spain.
Internships
: Through the Baratta Center for Global Business Education’s global network, fellows work on international consulting projects in D.C. with companies like Ascend Now, BMW, and iFinca.
Application Process
Admission to the Global Business Fellows program is competitive and by application. Students apply during the spring semester of their sophomore year through the Undergraduate Programs Office.
Eligibility Requirements:
Must be a sophomore in good academic standing
Submit an essay describing:
Their interest in international business and public policy
Why do they want to join GBF?
How their background and experiences will contribute to the cohort
For questions about the application process, students are encouraged to connect with their academic advisor after they begin their time at Georgetown.
Graduating Fellows’ Reflections
All Fellows’ Reflections
“Anisha Pai (B’19)
“Through my GBF classes, I have learned that understanding other regions’ political and economic systems is of equal, if not greater, importance. Exposure to courses in the School of Foreign Service has put my business education into perspective.””
“Vishal Menon (B’19)
“The program has first and foremost taught me that I want to continue to surround myself with intellectual, open-minded individuals throughout my life. I am so grateful to have been able to hear the unique stories and experiences of other Global Business Fellows and form both personal and professional relationships with them.””
“Ananya Chowla (B’22)
“I really enjoyed taking the Global Business Experience. My class had the opportunity to consult for Uber Spain and travel to Madrid to present our final recommendations to our points of contact at Uber. It was such a culturally and professionally enriching experience, and I am so thankful to have had the opportunity to be a part of an in-person global consulting project with a real client.””
All programs and activities are open to all Georgetown University students regardless of race, national origin, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, disability, age, or any other characteristic protected under
University policy
or applicable law.