URL: https://msb.georgetown.edu/undergraduate/student-life
TITLE: Student Life | McDonough School of Business |
    Georgetown University

Student Life
At Georgetown McDonough, learning and engagement opportunities go far beyond time spent in the classroom. From day one, students have the opportunity to collaborate with peers through various student-run organizations, contribute to conversations with McDonough leadership, gain exposure to best well-being practices, and more.
Student Organizations
Student organizations are at the heart of student life at Georgetown McDonough. From professional development groups to cultural and social clubs, these student-led organizations offer countless opportunities to connect, lead, and grow outside the classroom. All recognized McDonough organizations are open to every student, encouraging an inclusive, engaging, and vibrant campus experience.
Discover Student Organizations
Bagels with the Deans
Looking to connect with your deans in a casual, welcoming setting? Join the McDonough Undergraduate Programs Office every Thursday during the academic year for bagels, coffee, and conversation with your undergraduate advising deans.
Stop by Shea Commons from 10–11 a.m. to connect, ask questions, and build community with fellow Georgetown McDonough undergraduates. All students are welcome!
Student Wellness
At Georgetown McDonough, student wellness is central to the undergraduate experience. We support the spiritual, physical, emotional, and intellectual well-being of our students through a strong community of care.
Our programs promote personal growth, formational development, and meaningful connections, empowering students to thrive academically and personally throughout their time at Georgetown.
Explore Student Wellness
Case Competitions
Each year, Georgetown McDonough students compete in prestigious business case competitions at distinguished universities around the world. These competitions provide valuable opportunities to sharpen analytical skills, critical thinking, oral presentation, and communication abilities.
Beyond skill development, participating in case competitions helps students expand their global network and build leadership and persuasive skills essential for success in today’s business environment.
Past competitions include:
Eller Ethics Case Competition (Arizona)
Scotiabank International Case Competition (Canada)
International Case Competition at Maastricht (Netherlands)
Current McDonough students: For the latest updates and details,
please visit our new website
.
McDonough Business Strategy Challenge
Each spring, the McDonough School of Business also hosts the McDonough Business Strategy Challenge (MBSC) international case competition. Approximately 20 student teams are invited from prestigious national and international schools for five days, where students get the opportunity to engage in team building, activities, cultural excursions, and academic seminars, in addition to focusing on a business challenge from a non-profit organization.
Learn More About MBSC
Smart Start Program
Smart Start is a signature program in partnership with PwC offering a series of workshops, panels, and events that equip a diverse pool of first- and second-year students with the tools for academic, personal, and professional success. In keeping with the Jesuit ideal of women and men for others, participants are mentored by peers and by Georgetown alumni who work at PwC.
Read Smart Start Testimonials
Peer Ambassadors
The Peer Ambassador and Leadership Program utilizes the experiences, knowledge, and leadership skills of selected upper-class students to help new students transition to Georgetown McDonough as undergraduates. Peer Ambassadors (PAs) are the first point of contact for new students. They assist the advising deans of the Undergraduate Programs Office to orient, mentor, and guide first-year and transfer students during their transition to Georgetown University.
Each incoming student is matched with a current McDonough PA. PAs will reach out to you over the summer to answer any questions you may have on registration, what to expect when you arrive on campus, and student life at McDonough and Georgetown. PAs will reach out by email, phone, and/or video chat over the summer, and you will get to meet them in person at New Student Orientation. They’re excited to help you as you transition to becoming a Hoya!
Contact the Peer Ambassadors Program
Alumni Connections and Career Opportunities
There are many opportunities for McDonough students to connect with alumni who have made great strides within their professional fields. Alumni programming for McDonough undergraduates includes Host a Hoya, a one-day job shadow opportunity during the winter break. Alumni mentoring is also facilitated through HoyaGateway, Georgetown’s internal network that connects students with alumni all over the globe. Our alumni also host students in connection with the McDonough Career Center for D.C.-area “Fridays in the Field” and national “Treks” to their workplaces, introducing students to fellow Hoyas at their companies for informal networking.
Visit the McDonough Career Center
All programs and activities are open to all Georgetown University students regardless of race, national origin, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, disability, age, or any other characteristic protected under
University policy
or applicable law.