URL: https://msb.georgetown.edu/undergraduate/student-life/smart-start
TITLE: Smart Start | McDonough School of Business |
    Georgetown University

Smart Start
The Smart Start Program is a flagship initiative sponsored by PwC in partnership with Georgetown’s McDonough School of Business. Designed for first- and second-year undergraduate students, Smart Start offers a year-long series of academic, personal, and professional development workshops to help students build strong foundations for long-term success.
Through structured mentorship and skill-building, Smart Start supports a diverse cohort of students, empowering them to thrive in college and beyond.
Mentorship and Career Development
In alignment with Georgetown’s Jesuit values and the ideal of developing
women and men for others
, Smart Start connects participants with:
Peer mentors from the McDonough School of Business
Professional mentors who are Georgetown alumni and are currently working at PwC
Participation in Smart Start has led to
internship and career opportunities at PwC
for several students.
What Students Say About Smart Start:
“Smart Start not only offered me a variety of professional and academic experiences, but also provided me with the opportunity to explore the multidimensionality of today’s business world.”
Bryce Badger, B’21
“I’m really grateful for the professional exposure that Smart Start has given me. Besides the fact that I really got to know PwC’s culture early on as a freshman in college, I feel like it has really helped me feel more confident in my professional life. The year-long program helped me ease into the professional world, without it feeling too overwhelming. Because of that, I feel and believe that I got a head start!”
Lexie Del Campillo, B’21
“The Start experience helped me understand my professional goals better and allowed me to form friendships that I will forever cherish.”
Luis Sanchez Canelles, B’21
Stay Connected
Are you a current student
interested in applying to Smart Start in the future?
Check out our new website for the most up-to-date information on the application cycle and process.