URL: https://msb.georgetown.edu/undergraduate/career
TITLE: Undergraduate Careers | McDonough School of Business |
    Georgetown University

Undergraduate Careers
The McDonough Undergraduate Career team supports students in the process of self-discovery, career strategy, leadership development, and network-building to empower them to become principled, global leaders.
Undergraduate Career Success
$100,733
Average Full-Time Salary
Class of 2024
$10,952
Average Signing Bonus
Class of 2024
96.3%
Of students seeking employment received an offer within three months of graduation
Class of 2024
#2
Undergraduate Program rank for Career Outcomes
Poets&Quants
#3
Undergradute Program Rank for Business Schools
Poets&Quants
Top Employers
• Bank of America
• Barclays
• Boston Consulting Group
• Citigroup
• Jefferies
• JPMorgan Chase
• McKinsey
• Morgan Stanley
• PWC
• RBC Capital Markets
Undergraduate Employment Report
Career Exploration Offerings
Career Coaching
One-on-one career coaching exclusively for undergraduate business students. Students can meet with a coach to discuss anything from career strategy, values assessments, mock interviews, negotiation, and everything in between. Make an appointment via Handshake.
Handshake
Office Hours
Drop by and chat with our dedicated career personnel during Bagels with the Deans.
Thursday, 10  – 11 a.m., Shea Commons.
McDonough Peer Career Advisors
Resume/cover letter review and job search strategies. Make an appointment via Handshake.
Handshake
Signature Programs
Kosoy Women in Business:
Students interested in issues related to women in business participate in workshops, dinners, site visits, and more to build actionable and tangible leadership development skills in a one-year cohort program.
Learn more about the program here.
Treks:
Through career treks, undergraduate students travel domestically and internationally to network with alumni and learn about specific industries.
Fridays in the Field:
Site visits to companies throughout the Washington, D.C., area where students gain exposure and make connections to diverse industries in the region.
Host a Hoya:
Winter Break Career Treks: A one-day job shadow opportunity over winter break in your home city with an alumni host to get a “day in the life” experience in a particular industry or company and network with successful Hoyas around the world.
Alumni Access:
Get advice, coaching, and prep from the people who have been there through Hoya Gateway. Alumni and current students connect with one another to have meaningful exchanges.
Hoya Gateway
Real Estate Career Support
JL Access:
The
Steers Center for Global Real Assets
partners with
Jackson Lucas
(JL) – a specialized real estate search firm – to expand career opportunities for students interested in real estate at Georgetown’s McDonough School of Business.
Jobs and Internships
Shape up your resume and cover letter, search for jobs or internships, attend an upcoming career fair, or learn more about how you can earn academic credit for your internship.
Resume/Cover Letter Resources
Internship and Job Postings via Handshake
Career Fairs
Internship Credit Information
Internship Credit Form
For Employers
To post a job or internship for undergraduate students, please register and post a job on
Handshake
. If you would like to schedule an information session or opportunity specifically for McDonough undergraduate students, please reach out to Talia Schatz at
tms74@georgetown.edu
.
For Employers Info
McDonough Partnership Interest Form
Cawley Career Center
The Cawley Career Education Center is committed to helping Georgetown students identify meaningful ways to apply their talents to the world of work. McDonough students are encouraged to take advantage of all the resources available throughout your career development journey.
Cawley Career Center
Contact Us
Email:
McDonoughCareer@georgetown.edu
Talia Schatz
Assistant Dean, Undergraduate Careers
Talia Schatz is an experienced higher education professional with an extensive background in professional development, leadership coaching, student advising, program management, and recruitment. She works collaboratively with students to help them define and achieve their professional and leadership goals in strategic and thoughtful ways. Prior to working at Georgetown, Schatz oversaw the professional development team at Barnard College of Columbia University. She earned an MSW from New York University and a B.A. from Wellesley College.
Contact Undergraduate Careers