URL: http://www.smu.edu/Admission/FinancialAid
TITLE: Financial Aid Resources | SMU

Skip to main content
Financial Aid Resources
You’re bright and hardworking. We want you here. That’s why we are passionate about matching our rigorous academics, powerful opportunities and incredible classroom-to-career experiences with access to outstanding financial resources – so that you can become who you want to be, regardless of your financial need.
Also in
Financial Aid Resources
Find an excellent return on your college investment
But don’t just take our word for it.
SMU is in the top 20% of schools nationwide in
Forbes
' Americas Top Colleges 2021 ranking
.
Forbes
counts SMU among the schools who “placed well if their students graduated on time, secured high salaries and low debt, and went on to have successful careers” in its Top College ranking.
Top 5%
SMU alumni among the top 5% of highest-paid graduates across a range of fields. (College Factual 2022)
Best Cities for Jobs
DFW area ranks among the best locations for jobs
(WalletHub 2022)
How we help you afford an outstanding SMU education
01
We reward academic achievement
We will also consider your family’s financial situation. Our financial packages combine academic awards and need-based financial aid.
02
We automatically consider you for academic awards, many of which can be combined
When you apply to SMU, you will be automatically considered for SMU awards when you apply by your chosen application deadline: November 1 for Early Decision I and Early Action or January 15 for Early Decision II and Regular Decision.
03
We work hard to meet your needs
We provide need-based aid for your unique financial circumstances and partner with you to explore a combination of federal, state and SMU-funded awards, including grants, loans and work-study options.
SMU’s Most Distinguished Awards
President’s Scholars
Nancy Ann and Ray L. Hunt Leadership Scholars (separate essay required)
Academic achievement scholarships
Academic school and departmental scholarships
National Merit Scholarships
International Baccalaureate Scholars
Learn more
How to Apply
Simply submit two forms by your chosen application deadline: November 1 for Early Decision I and Early Action or January 15 for Early Decision II or Regular Decision. These are priority deadlines for scholarship and financial aid consideration. Both forms will be available October 1.
The Free Application for Federal Student Aid
The CSS Profile
For federal and state aid.
U.S. and dual citizens and permanent residents seeking eligibility for federal and state sources of aid must submit the FAFSA each year.
Visit
fafsa.gov
to file the FAFSA. Use SMU school code 003613.
For institutional aid.
For SMU-funded opportunity awards, you must submit a CSS Profile financial aid application each year. This will give our financial aid advisors more information to further assess your financial need. There is a $25 cost for submitting the CSS Profile.
Visit
cssprofile.org
to file the CSS Profile. Use SMU school code 6660.
FAQ
How do I apply for academic awards and when will I be notified?
Our academic awards reward hard work. If you apply by your chosen application deadline – November 1 for Early Decision I and Early Action or January 15 for Early Decision II and Regular Decision – you will be automatically considered for SMU academic awards. If you applied by November 1, you will be notified in early January. If you applied by January 15, you will be notified by mid-March.
How do I apply for financial aid and when will I be notified?
The priority deadline to apply for financial aid corresponds with your chosen application deadline: November 1 for Early Decision I and Early Action or January 15 for Early Decision II and Regular Decision. You must file the FAFSA (for federal need-based consideration) and the CSS Profile™ (for SMU-funded opportunity awards) by these priority deadlines. If you applied by November 1, you will be notified in early January. If you applied by January 15, you will be notified by mid-March.
What kind of aid is available?
SMU offers
academic scholarships
,
grants
,
loans
and
work-study
awards.
How does SMU determine the amount of financial assistance?
FAFSA and CSS Profile™ information is sent to SMU, which compares the cost of attending SMU with the Expected Family Contribution (EFC)* for the student’s college education.
*According to the office of Federal Student Aid, the Expected Family Contribution (EFC) is not the amount of money your family will have to pay for college or the amount of federal student aid you will receive. It is a number used by your school to calculate the amount of federal student aid you are eligible to receive.
How will I receive financial advising at SMU?
Students have full access to comprehensive financial aid advising services. The ManeDesk serves as the primary point of contact for all Student Financial Services (SFS) and is equipped to answer most questions and provide general assistance. If a student has a complex inquiry, an escalated concern, or a specific need, the student will be referred to a Financial Aid Advisor or the appropriate university staff member for more personalized support.
For more information about the academic award and financial aid process, call us at
214-768-2058
or
1-800-323-0672
.
Find more
faq
.
Search the SMU website
Submit