URL: https://www.smu.edu/Admission/Academics
TITLE: Academic journey | SMU

Skip to main content
Academic journey
As a nationally ranked research university with a liberal arts tradition, SMU is ready to support you as you pursue your passion. If you’re an ambitious, creative thinker, SMU is for you.
Also in
Academic journey
Get the Facts
SMU is within the Top 20% of the 'Best National Universities' according to
the 2020 edition of the
U.S. News & World Report's Best Colleges
.
#2
Dallas ranks among the best places for business and careers in
Forbes
, 2019.
84%
Percentage of full-time faculty who hold a doctorate or the highest
degree in their fields.
100+
Number of majors students can choose from.
11:1
The average class size is 22 students, and SMU has an 11:1 student-to-faculty ratio.
85
Number of minors students can choose from.
5
Number of nationally recognized undergraduate schools and colleges.
Engaged Learning
Connecting students' personal passions to creative academic projects, research, and initiatives that move learning beyond the classroom. Turn your great ideas into reality and take action on some of the world's most pressing challenges.
SMU Entrepreneurship Club
Connecting entrepreneurial students across campus regardless of
their major or school. Find help transforming your innovative idea
into a sustainable enterprise and get support for your student
startup.
Deason Innovation Gym
Inspiring creative confidence in a campus community of makers. Build
your design skills by working on real-world challenges and engage in
purpose-driven learning through interdisciplinary teamwork.
SMU DataArts is SMU’s investment in big data and research with impact to help arts and cultural leaders nationwide make smarter decisions with data insights.
Ophelie Herve and other students worked with a robotic exoskeleton to adapt technology to the natural rhythm of walking.
SMU’s intellectual environment attracts problem-solvers, creators and disruptors who are ready to transform their big ideas into tangible results.
Video
Big on Research
Roxana Farokhnia talks about her experience at SMU as a Biology and Health and Society double major on the Pre-Health track.
Search the SMU website
Submit