URL: https://www.smu.edu/Admission/Apply/FirstYear
TITLE: How to Apply to SMU | First-Year Students | SMU

Skip to main content
First-Year application process
Undergraduate Admission
Have a question?
Not finding the answers you need here? Check out the
Undergraduate Admission
page or email the Admission office at
ugadmission@smu.edu
.
Get a step-by-step explanation of the application process for first-year students. For
transfer students information
.
Video
Getting In at SMU
Assistant Director of Admissions Brenda Del Rio and Admission Counselor Korey Vita walk you through what you need to know about applications, deadlines, test scores, and everything else about applying to SMU.
➡️ Step 1: Decide which application deadline is right for you.
Learn about the application deadlines here.
November 10
Early Action (nonbinding)
Early Decision I (binding)
January 23
Regular Decision (nonbinding)
Early Decision II (binding)
➡️ Step 2: Decide which application method is right for you, then complete and submit your application.
The Common Application
simplifies the application process by allowing students to submit a single application to multiple institutions, including SMU.
ApplyTexas
is a popular application platform for Texas residents applying to colleges and universities within the state, with information and resources specific to Texas students.
Apply Coalition with SCOIR
encourages students to showcase their achievements in a more comprehensive way. It provides resources to help students complete their applications effectively.
➡️ Step 3: Review and complete the application checklist.
Completed application
Official high school transcript
Please have your transcript sent through an electronic service (ex. Parchment, GreenLight, Naviance) or by a school official. We do not accept transcripts emailed by students.
Counselor recommendation
(PDF)
Counselors are not required to use this form and can instead submit their own letter.
Teacher recommendation
(optional) (PDF)
Teachers are not required to use this form and can instead submit their own letter.
Completed
Early Decision Agreement Form
(if applying for Early Decision)
Official or
self-reported
SAT or ACT scores (optional)
Please note that SMU is fully test-optional.
Learn more
.
SMU superscores the SAT and ACT.
Extracurricular resume**
For students in applicable situations:
Home School Supplement
(PDF)
This document will fulfill the counselor recommendation requirement.
Official TOEFL, IELTS, or
Duolingo English Test
(DET) scores
Only required for students whose language of instruction is bilingual or not solely in English.
Review audition and portfolio requirements
For students applying for art, film (BFA), dance, music, or theater)
➡️ Step 4: Submit your application materials.
Please submit your application online. Supporting documents for your application (e.g. letters of recommendation, transcripts, etc.) should be sent from an official at your school.
If you or your school counselor experience any challenges submitting your application or supporting documents, they can be scanned and emailed to
ugadmission@smu.edu
or physically mailed to the address below. Online submission is encouraged.
Email:
ugadmission@smu.edu
Mailing Address
SMU Office of Undergraduate Admission
PO Box 750181
Dallas TX 75275
Please be sure all materials clearly indicate your first, middle and last name and your date of birth. If you physically mail your documents, we recommend that you make and keep a copy of all application forms for your records.
We look forward to reviewing your application and getting to know you better. If you have questions, please contact the SMU Office of Undergraduate Admission, where any of our admission counselors are ready to help.
Physical Address (for FedEx, UPS, and DHL shipments):
Laura Lee Blanton Building
6185 Airline Road
Dallas TX 75205
Phone:
214-768-2058
Fax: 214-768-1083
Office Hours: 8:30 a.m.–5 p.m. Central Time Zone
SMU Office of Undergraduate Admission
PO Box 750181
Dallas TX 75275
** The SMU Admission Committee wants to learn more about your interests, hobbies and how you spend your time. Please include the following information in your personal résumé: Extracurricular, volunteer, and summer activities –l ist in order of importance and indicate the amount of weekly time involved in your participation. Work experience – include position, company/employer, dates of employment and weekly time involved. Honors, awards, and leadership positions – list honors and awards and indicate grade level in which they were received. List leadership positions and include details on the responsibilities the position required.
Search the SMU website
Submit