URL: https://www.smu.edu/Admission
TITLE: SMU Admission: Apply to Southern Methodist University Today | SMU

Skip to main content
Join the herd!
We are waiving the application fee
for all first-year and transfer undergraduate students because we want you to join the Mustang Momentum without barriers.
Join the herd
You Belong Here
SMU is a welcoming and vibrant community where you’ll work hard and have fun
as you build your exciting future.
Apply Now
Visit Us
Life in Dallas
At SMU, Dallas is your classroom. You do you, boldly, in this vibrant community that embraces a world of ideas and backgrounds and offers access to top employers, more than 20 Fortune 500 company headquarters and thousands of internship opportunities.
Explore Life in Dallas
Sports & Outdoors
A thriving metropolis with pro sports and easy access to nature
Work
The Dallas area is among the best cities for jobs (WalletHub 2025)
The Mustang’s Dallas Guide
Whether you are interested in business, art or research, Dallas is the perfect place to start your career.
Explore Life in Dallas
Academics
From your very first term at SMU, you have access to everything that
defines the signature SMU experience: research opportunities in a variety
of disciplines, outstanding faculty who love to mentor, advisors who will
help you navigate your academics, business pitch competitions to start a
company and so much more.
Explore Academics
Highest Paid Graduates
SMU alumni are among the highest paid graduates across a range of fields (College Factual 2025)
11:1
Student-to-faculty ratio with more professors per student than the
national average.
Top 20%
Of national universities ranked by
U.S. News & World Report
.
First-Rate Facilities
As a comprehensive research institution, SMU has an unbelievable number of
facilities to support your work.
Explore Academics
Life on Campus
Mustangs thrive on more than a century of spirit and traditions. Feel at home in any of our 11 Residential Commons – your instant campus family. Here, academic focus, lifelong friendships, and social and leadership opportunities add up to an unforgettable college experience.
Explore Life on Campus
Residence Life
Our 11 Residential Commons
Spirit & Traditions
A legacy of spirit, tradition and pride
Health & Safety
Day or night, a safe ride home
Explore Campus
Welcome to our vibrant community, where relationships matter – faculty who will encourage you to think big, friends who will have your back, and alumni who will help you get a foot in the door.
Take the Virtual Tour
Paying for SMU
We automatically consider you for academic awards after you apply
for admission. We work hard to address your unique financial circumstances by partnering with you to explore a
combination of federal, state and SMU-funded awards.
More about Financial Aid
$203 M+
SMU awarded more than $203 million in scholarships and grants last year.
2 out of 3
About 74% of students receive scholarships and/or financial aid.
73%
With plenty of aid options available, most students graduate without debt.
What types of financial aid are available?
Types of aid include scholarships, loans, grants, student employment, SMU
or federal government funded financial aid programs, and veteran benefits. Our office is happy to talk with you
about any of these options.
Get in touch
Life After SMU
SMU boasts some of the highest-paid graduates in the country and an outstanding post-graduation employment rate.
Explore SMU stories
Alumni
Garrett Haake ’07, MSNBC News Correspondent
Alumni
Bumble Founder and CEO, Whitney Wolfe Herd ’11 shares her SMU experience
Alumni
Tori Titmas ’15 Debuts New Movie on Amazon Prime
Join SMU Network
Your SMU experience doesn’t end on graduation day. We pride ourselves on a successful and connected alumni network.
Get Connected
Request Information
x
Close
Request Information
Loading...
Search the SMU website
Submit