URL: https://www.smu.edu/Admission/Apply
TITLE: Apply to SMU Today | SMU

Skip to main content
Join the herd!
We are waiving the application fee
for all first-year and transfer undergraduate students because we want you to join the Mustang Momentum without barriers.
Apply to SMU
Our students forge their success in an academic environment that inspires their best effort, every day – we can’t wait for you to join our community of problem solvers, influencers and leaders who make an impact around the globe.
Apply
Transfer
Ready to do big things?
Applying to SMU is the first step in making your college experience one that defines your future success. We carefully consider each application with the goal of adding dimension to our diverse, challenging community of scholars. We’re likely to be just as interested in you as you are in us. The strongest applications are not always those with the greatest number of accomplishments, but ones that resonate with authenticity and passion.
On This Page
First-Year Admission
Transfer Admission
International Admission
First-Year Admission
Prospective first-year applicants are students who have not graduated from high school at the time of application.
More about first-year admission
Top Links
Apply Now
Admission Requirements
Application Checklist
Meet Your Admission Counselor
Request Information
Transfer Admission
Students who are transferring from a 2-year or 4-year university within the U.S. and will have at least one full-time semester (12 or more credits) completed at the time of transfer.
More about transfer admission
Top Links
Apply Now
Transfer Equivalency Guides
Transfer Pathway Guides
Meet Your Admission Counselor
Request Information
International Admission
Students who graduate from a high school outside of the U.S. or are transferring from an international university.
More about international admission
Top Links
First-Year
Application Checklist
Obtaining an I-20
Request Information
Additional Applicant Types
SMU happily accepts and reviews applications from students attending
non-traditional high schools, including homeschools, online high schools
and more!
Homeschool Students
Veteran Applicants
Readmit (Former SMU Students)
Visiting Students (Non-Degree-Seeking Students)
Graduate Studies
Search the SMU website
Submit