URL: https://www.smu.edu/dedman/prospective-students/undergraduate-students/financial-aid-and-scholarship
TITLE: Financial Aid and Scholarships  - Dedman College of Humanities and Sciences SMU

Skip to main content
Financial Aid and Scholarships
SMU aims to make high quality education affordable to all students, regardless of income level. In fact, nearly 80% of all SMU undergraduate students receive some form of financial aid. Financial aid includes merit scholarships, federal financial aid (including loans, grants, and work study), Texas state grants, and SMU need-based funding. For more information on Dedman College merit-based scholarships and applying for financial aid, please read below.
Dedman College merit-based scholarships
Are you a high school student interested in the humanities and sciences? You're in luck! We will automatically review you for competitive merit scholarships in Dedman College when you are admitted to SMU and have listed a Dedman College major as your first-choice interest on the SMU application.
In addition, qualified applicants will be invited to apply to the Dedman College Scholars Program. This scholarship process requires an additional letter of intent and a phone interview. If you're chosen as a scholarship candidate or recipient,
we will notify you
through the mailing and/or email address you've listed on your application.
Applying for financial aid
Students interested in applying for financial aid should complete and submit the free
Federal Student Aid application
(FAFSA) and
CSS/Financial Aid PROFILE®
as early as January 1. The deadline for first year students is February 15. The deadline for returning and transfer students is April 15. The Financial Aid PROFILE® will give the financial aid advisors more information to assess your need-based financial aid. Financial aid can come in many forms, including grants, loans, and work-study programs.
For more information on the process of applying for financial aid,
click here
.
To contact your financial aid counselor,
click here
.
Search the SMU website
Submit
Did you know
Dedman College has an active alumni network with over 10,000 alumni in Dallas County and over 36,000 worldwide.