URL: https://www.smu.edu/meadows/admissions/undergraduate/schedulevisit
TITLE: Visit Meadows School of the Arts  - Meadows School of the Arts, SMU

Skip to main content
Visit Meadows School of the Arts
Visit Meadows School of the Arts
Ready to learn more about Meadows School of the Arts? Get your questions answered and see where you will study, research, rehearse, perform, and collaborate as a Meadows student!
In-person Visit
For in-person visits, we recommend you sign up for the
SMU Daily Visit
. The SMU Daily Visit allows guests to select our Meadows Information Session & Tour, an SMU Admission Information Session, an SMU Campus Tour, a session from one of the other academic schools at SMU, or any combination thereof.
Meadows offers in-person info sessions and tours on most weekdays that the university is open:
In-person, on-campus: Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 1 p.m. CT, Tuesdays and Thursdays at 12 p.m. CT
Register here for SMU Daily Visit including Meadows Info Session & Tour
Class Observations
If you are a
high school senior or a transfer student
,
you can
request to observe a Meadows class
as part of your visit to campus. Be sure to submit your request at least two weeks prior to the date you wish to visit, and we will get back with you soon with more details.
Virtual Visit
Meadows also offers a virtual option that includes an information session and guided virtual tour.
Virtual via Zoom, select Thursdays at 4 p.m. CT
Register here for a Virtual Meadows Visits
Meadows Admission Events and Fairs
Get all the details about Meadows curriculum, outstanding resources, internships, opportunities and more during our virtual, major-specific Meadows Close-Up events in September; the in-person, on-campus Meadows Spotlight day in October; and additional information events and fairs for high school and transfer students interested in performing, visual, and communication arts.
Meadows Spotlight, Monday, October 27, 8 a.m. - 1 p.m. CT
High school juniors, seniors and transfer students to join us on campus for an in-depth look at the SMU Meadows School of the Arts! Hear from current students, sit in on a class, chat with faculty, learn about the admission process and more! Guests also have the opportunity to learn more about SMU in general and take a tour of the campus in the afternoon.
Register here.
College Fairs at SMU and across the country
Browse the best colleges that specialize in performing, visual, and communication arts and talk with school reps. SMU Meadows will be at a select number of college fairs. Be sure to check back soon for additional events!
Los Angeles County High School for the Arts: Wednesday, September 10
San Antonio Music College Fair: Saturday, September 27
South Carolina Governor's School: Saturday, September 27
Houston-Area Performing and Visual Arts College Fair: Sunday, September 28
SMU Meadows Performing & Visual Arts College Fair: Monday, September 29
NYC Music College Fair: Sunday, October 5
Florida Music College Fair: Thursday, October 9
Dreyfoos School of the Arts College Fair: Friday, October 10
Michigan Performing Arts College Fair: Saturday, October 11
Interlochen College Fair: Sunday, October 12
Idyllwild Arts College Fair: Tuesday, October 14
Booker T. Showcase College Fair: Friday, November 21
National Portfolio Days
Meet with Meadows Art faculty and receive free feedback on your art portfolio. Register at nationalportfolioday.org.
Additional SMU Events
The University presents SMU Mustang Days, Springfest, Academic Spotlights and other events to equip prospective students and their families with everything they want to know about applications, scholarships, residential life, student clubs and associations and more.
See all the SMU admission events here
!
Visiting SMU and Dallas
Getting to SMU, where to park, where to stay
SMU stats and 3-minute video on why students choose SMU
Questions? Contact us, we’re always happy to talk with you about SMU Meadows School of the Arts!
meadowsadmission@smu.edu
/ 214-768-3217
The Meadows Office of Admission and Financial Aid is available Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Central Standard Time. If you get our voicemail and let us know how we can help you. Thanks, and we look forward to talking with you!
Search the SMU website
Submit