URL: https://www.smu.edu/meadows/admissions/meadowscommunity
TITLE: Meadows Community  - Meadows School of the Arts, SMU

Skip to main content
Meadows Community
Meadows is a place where identity is celebrated. We are bettered by the unique perspective and background of each student, staff member, and faculty member. Our community is comprised of people from different countries, races, ethnicities, religions, gender identities, sexual orientations, socio-economic backgrounds, and so much more. Many of our students experience the intersection of multiple identities and marginalized backgrounds. Though Meadows is not a perfect place, there is a commitment to listening, learning, and taking action to be a better environment for students to grow, learn, and create.
Meadows Community
Community at Meadows
"I appreciate the
freedom
the most. [Meadows] seems to trust all the students, both undergrad and grad, to be friendly, to be accommodating, to be professional. There are a lot of professional young students in Meadows. I don't care if they're undergrads or grads. They address every situation as a pro. The professors will take care of you. They will foster your growth. They will make sure you have a
safe environment
to be as creative as you can be."
-Natalie / Graduate Student / Theatre Design MFA
"Everyone is open minded and welcoming.
We respect identity
.”
- Vinn / Sophomore / Film Major
"You
don't need to be ashamed
of who you are when you're at Meadows"
- Benjamin / Sophomore / Music Major
"I take the FACE class (First Year Community Experience) in Meadows. That was really fun in terms of meeting other people. I forgot how fun it was to
collaborate
and see what other people can do and have a discussion going, especially about working in production."
-Vinn / Sophomore / Film Major
BIPOC
I initially thought SMU was primarily a white campus, but fairly progressive. Since coming here, I’ve realized that Meadows is its own beautiful bubble on campus, full of diverse yet like-minded artists. You learn from incredible professors who make your experience so memorable. My opinions changed because I never imagined finding such a community of friends in Meadows and getting to work with
people from all over the world
. Everyone is accepted and respected.
-
Shara
/ Junior / Music Major
I would tell a
BIPOC student
that Meadows, and SMU, can seem intimidating because of how white it is, but don't be too dismayed because there is a [BIPOC] community. We aren’t many, but we are strong, and we support each other in everything. We've got each other’s backs and expect the school to support us too.
-Kayla / Sophomore / Theater Major
Find a BIPOC professor and fellow students you can trust. Don’t be afraid to
try new things
. It’s okay to be afraid sometimes, but never feel like you don’t belong, because you do!
-Vanessa / Senior / Corporate Communication and Public Affairs Major
LBGTQIA+
"Meadows
is a wonderful place to be
Queer
, which
drives some very unique and phenomenal art! Meadows
wants you to be who you are
because who you are is going to inspire the most creative and the best art."
-Caroline / Senior / Music Major
“One of the most impactful experiences at the Dr. Bob Smith Health Center was when a counselor helped me define my issues. They're very open to issues with
sexuality or discovering gender
, etc. There are resources and people there who can help.”
-Larsen / First-Year / Theatre Student
"I feel
welcome
in the Meadows building. There is no hesitation from professors or students addressing me as I identify. They're working constantly to update themselves to make sure they're woke and relevant in today's world."
-Natalie / Graduate Student/ Theatre Design MFA
First-Generation
“As a
first-generation student
in college, there are a lot of challenges, obstacles, and pressures. It can be stressful and overwhelming at times. One may not have had the network, money for tutoring, or knowledge about resources. However, thanks to organizations such as the First-Gen Association, the Rotunda Scholars Program, and student clubs, I have been able to surpass most of the difficulties that come along with being a first-generation student. Through these organizations, I have been provided with a
support system
that includes a list of academic and financial support, professional networking, peer support, resources, tutoring, and more. Navigating college as a first-gen student at SMU has been an experience I am grateful for because I have not felt completely alone in dealing with difficult situations.”
-Alexa / Junior / Dance Major
“I don't think I could've made it this far without the Rotunda Scholar Program. Whenever I don't know what to do or where to go, I know who I can turn to. Even if they don't have the answer, they know someone who does. They've given me access to the "college experience" that I never thought I could have as a
low-income student of color
at a predominantly white affluent university.”
-Monica / Junior / Theatre Major
Search the SMU website
Submit