URL: https://www.smu.edu/meadows/admissions/undergraduate/faq
TITLE: Frequently Asked Questions  - Meadows School of the Arts, SMU

Skip to main content
Frequently Asked Questions
Undergraduate Admission
What should I do first: audition or apply?
With the exception of
Music students auditioning in December
, it is not required that you complete your application to SMU prior to scheduling an audition or submitting your portfolio; however, candidates are encouraged to do so. All Meadows admissions are contingent upon successful admission to the University.
Do I have to submit SAT or ACT scores?
No. SMU is currently fully test-optional. Read more about the
SMU Test-Optional Policy.
When will I know about my SMU admission?
Please see
Dates & Deadlines
for notification time frames.
Note:
Only students who wish to major in Dance, Music, Theatre, Art or Film and Media Arts (B.F.A.) are required to complete an audition/submit a portfolio. If you don’t plan to major in these areas, you shouldn’t list them as your first-choice major on your SMU application.
When will I know about my Meadows admission?
Results are generally emailed as follows: Music and Dance-within two weeks of audition, Theatre-within three weeks of audition, Art and Film-within two weeks of portfolio submission deadline.
When will I know about my scholarship package?
Students who have been admitted to Dance, Theatre, Music, Art or Film and Media Arts (B.F.A.), or have been selected for the Meadows Scholars program, typically receive their scholarship packages between the end of March and early April. May 1 is the national response deadline to accept or decline awards and admission to SMU.
What’s the CSS Profile/FAFSA?
Your first step in funding college is to complete the CSS Profile and the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).
You cannot receive, any financial aid from SMU without completing both these forms. Don't wait to be accepted to complete them - apply early, while you are submitting your applications.
The U.S. Department of Education runs a variety of student financial assistance programs, which include grants and loans. Your eligibility for aid is determined by the information that you provide in the CSS Profile and FAFSA. SMU will also use your FAFSA to determine your eligibility for scholarships, grants and institutional aid. These forms are not required of international applicants.
Review the
Meadows Scholarships and Financial Aid
page for more details.
Do I have to complete the CSS Profile and FAFSA or the Meadows Waiver Form every year?
If you wish to be considered for need-based financial aid or federal student loans you must complete these forms each year. The
Meadows Waiver Form
only needs to be completed your first year if you are only receiving academic or artistic merit awards and do not plan on submitting the CSS Profile or FAFSA.
Search the SMU website
Submit