URL: https://www.smu.edu/meadows/admissions
TITLE: Admissions  - Meadows School of the Arts, SMU

Skip to main content
Admissions
Opportunities, meet resources.
Meadows School of the Arts is a national leader in arts and communication education, offering multiple undergraduate and graduate degrees in performing, visual and communication arts. Meadows prepares students to engage and lead in the field of their choice.
Admissions
How to Apply
Follow one of our application guides for instructions on how to apply for the program you’re interested in.
Interested in
Advertising, Art History, Corporate Communication, Creative Computation, Fashion Media, Film (B.A.), Journalism
or
Public
Relations
? Simply apply to SMU and indicate your area of interest in your application.
Apply to SMU
Interested in
Art, Dance, Film (B.F.A.), Music
or
Theatre
? For these dual admission programs, you’ll need to apply separately to Meadows and to SMU and be admitted to both.
Dual Admission Guide
Interested in one of our
graduate programs
? The application process varies by discipline. Take a look at our graduate admission guide for details on how to apply.
Graduate Admission Guide
Scholarship and Financial Aid
From financial aid to scholarships to work opportunities, we're here to help you understand your financial aid options at Meadows.
97%
The percentage of dually admitted undergraduate Meadows students who receive need-based aid or scholarships.
72%
The percentage of SMU students who graduate without debt.
3 OUT OF 4
Undergraduate students receive scholarships and/or financial aid.
Explore Financial Aid
How do I schedule a visit to SMU Meadows?
Undergraduate students can participate in information sessions, class observations, and tours of Meadows and SMU most days that the University is open. Graduate students can reach out to the Meadows Admission Office: meadowsgrad@smu.edu or 214-768-3217.
Visit Meadows
Contact Us
Internships and Collaborations
SMU Meadows students have ample opportunities for stellar internships and collaborations on campus, in Dallas (a top-five media market, home to 20+ Fortune 500 companies and the nation’s largest urban arts district) and in locales around the world. Students and alumni share their stories about the many ways these experiences help prepare them for their careers.
Learn About Internships
Virtual Tour
Take a 360-degree look at the Owen Arts Center and the Umphrey Lee Center and see where Meadows students learn, create, perform and grow.
Take A Virtual Tour
Search the SMU website
Submit