URL: https://www.smu.edu/meadows/admissions/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate Admission  - Meadows School of the Arts, SMU

Skip to main content
Undergraduate Admission
Why Meadows?
Meadows students are energized by life, their passions, their talents and their readiness to make an impact in the world. Meadows School of the Arts offers a robust training ground for the ambitious student seeking to grow their own voice in a conservatory environment complemented by liberal arts education. Guided by industry-respected faculty in small classroom settings, students have ample opportunities for performing and key internships both on and off campus. This powerful combination produces market-ready students prepared to engage the world in the field of their choice.
SMU is located in the heart of Dallas, one of the most vibrant cities in the country. As a top-five media market, home to numerous Fortune 500 companies and the nation’s largest urban arts district, there is no better place to stretch your potential, find your voice and make an impact in the world.
Undergraduate Admission
How to Apply
First, check to see if a major is considered a Dual Admission area or a Standard Admission area. Be sure to follow all the admission steps that are specific to that major and for SMU in general.
Dual Admission
Students interested in these programs will need to apply to the Meadows School of the Arts by submitting a Meadows application along with a portfolio or audition, in addition to
applying to SMU
:
Art
B.A. or B.F.A.;
Dance
B.F.A. or minor;
Film & Media Arts
B.F.A.;
Music
B.M., B.A. or minor; and
Theatre
B.F.A.
Standard Admission
Students interested in these programs only need to
apply to SMU
and indicate their area of interest on the application:
Advertising
B.A. or minor;
Art History
B.A. or minor;
Corporate Communication
& Public Affairs
B.A. or minor;
Creative Computation
B.A. or minor;
Fashion Media
B.A.;
Film
& Media Arts
B.A.;
Journalism
B.A. or minor; and
Public Relations
& Strategic Communication
B.A.
Scholarships & Financial Aid
Did you know the cost of college varies from person to person? Depending on your audition or portfolio, academic profile, and family income, you may qualify for an academic scholarship, an artistic scholarship from Meadows, and/or need-based aid from SMU or the U.S. government.
Scholarships & Financial Aid
Do applicants need to submit SAT or ACT scores to be considered for admission?
No. Currently, SMU does not require standardized test scores for applicants to be considered for admission or scholarship. Dual admission applicants are also considered for artistic scholarships based on their audition or portfolio, and academic scholarships based on academic information submitted to SMU.
More FAQs
5 Tips on Double Majoring
SMU Meadows students talk about planners, pressure and how to keep everything in balance while double majoring.
SMU Home
Search the SMU website
Submit