URL: https://www.smu.edu/meadows/admissions/internshipstories
TITLE: Internships & Collaborations  - Meadows School of the Arts, SMU

Skip to main content
Internships & Collaborations
Admissions
SMU Meadows students have outstanding opportunities for stellar internships and collaborations on campus, in Dallas (a top-five media market, home to numerous Fortune 500 companies and home of the nation’s largest urban arts district) and in locales around the world. Hear from students and alumni about the many ways these experiences help prepare them for their careers.
Advertising
Spencer Hogan
B.A. Advertising (Creative Specialization); minor in Graphic Design ’25
This summer I worked as a social media intern for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, an opportunity that came about after the team’s Chief Marketing Officer, James Ruth—an SMU Cox graduate—saw my creative work for SMU Football on Twitter and LinkedIn and recommended me for the role. During the internship, I worked alongside a team of industry-leading creatives, contributing to the Buccaneers’ dynamic social media presence while learning about the fast-paced world of sports media. No two days were alike, and the variety of projects fueled my passion for the field. The experience not only gave me invaluable hands-on training but also opened the door to my next chapter. After graduating from SMU in December, I will be joining the Buccaneers full time to continue pursuing a career in sports media.
Olivia Ramirez
B.A. in Advertising/Digital Media Strategy; BA in Art ’22
I had the opportunity to work as a media intern for Heineken USA the summer before my senior year. I learned so much through this position attending meetings with people from Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and their ad agency CANVAS. Along with attending meetings throughout the day, I was tasked with creating a presentation where I provided recommendations on how Heineken can better connect with Gen Z. A lot of my input was about how they can better their social media accounts. It went so well that I ended up presenting it three different times to different teams when I was only supposed to present it once! Overall, I gained great experience and industry contacts while working on the brand side of advertising, and further developed my teamwork, research, and presentation skills.
Madison Castellano
B.A. Advertising/Creative; minor in graphic design ’19
During my internship at Citrus Advertising, I worked with the Alpha Project, a personal training gym known for its intense and effective workout programs and strong, close-knit community. I helped develop a 360 marketing campaign. Working with the owners of the gym, we created the brand’s new logo, produced out-of-home and in-store signage, designed t-shirts and other apparel and accessories, then developed an in-depth marketing plan that broke down budget, business objectives and goals within a detailed calendar for the next few years. This project allowed me to fully immerse myself into a brand and work directly with the client to help bring their business forward. This is why I love advertising; it’s wonderful to help a client with such a compelling story, who is passionate about their dream, find their own voice and find ways to tell that story to people who want to listen and contribute to that growing dream. Next year I will be working at TracyLocke as a junior copywriter for Samsung.
Hannah Tymochko
B.A. Advertising/Digital Media Strategy; minor in psychology '19
Working as a brand media intern at The Richards Group gave me the real-life experience most students look for. I worked on projects for various clients that sharpened my planning, reporting and analytical thinking skills. I did a variety of projects for multiple clients at various points of the planning stage. This enabled me to see all the elements that go into media planning. Throughout my internship, I got more involved in the programmatic specialty. I learned about programmatic in many of my digital media strategy classes, and working with the team allowed me to see what type of work it actually entails. I produced client-facing documents and was given the opportunity to own projects that made me a key member of the team. My experience at The Richards Group gave me insight into agency life and overall was extremely positive and valuable.
Anna Grace Godoy
B.A. Advertising/Creative, minor in sociology ’19
During the spring semester of my senior year, I interned at 3HeadedMonster in Dallas. It was amazing because I got to have a hand on so many different projects because it was a small agency. I worked on campaigns for Nothing Bundt Cakes, Wingstop, products and companies that haven't been released yet, and different personal branding projects. I even got to do some branding for the agency itself. I loved my internship at 3HM because it allowed me to see so many different sides of agency life and meet some solid people. It taught me a lot about life in the work force and skills that would help me in any field I go into.
Hannah Belsinger
B.A. Advertising, minor in law and legal reasoning ’19
As a brand media intern at The Richards Group in summer 2018, I was able to explore the many specialties within media planning including search engine optimization, digital strategy, media buying and social media across multiple accounts. Having such hands-on and perse experience working with various teams allowed me to grow not only as a media planner but also as a professional and team player. I also worked with other interns on a group presentation, having to refine my collaboration, research and communication skills every day. Nothing will get you more prepared for the industry than having to give a 25-minute presentation in front of the entire department, which consisted of 100+ directors, planners, buyers and strategists. Getting such exposure to the unique culture of an ad agency allowed me to better understand how every discipline works together to successfully tackle every client’s needs. The Richards Group is a great place for anyone looking to speak up and have their ideas valued and put to great use.
Art
Georgia Robb
B.F.A. in Studio Art ’27
As the External Affairs Intern the Nasher Sculpture Center, which I got through the PMC Foundation Intern Fellowship Program, I worked closely with the press and PR side of External Affairs. My responsibilities in this position included clipping and reorganizing press coverage and helping compile an exhibition report for one of the museum’s past shows. That project allowed me to collaborate with other interns and pull together significant data from multiple departments. I also enjoyed the freedom to explore different aspects of museum work during my internship. My coworkers encouraged me to try projects in areas I might not have considered, which has been incredibly helpful as I learn about the many sides of museum operations. This experience has confirmed that I want to pursue museum work after graduation, and it has given me valuable real-world exposure as I explore which area of the field excites me most.
Gabi Graceffo
B.F.A. Art and B.A. English/Creative Writing Specialization ’20
“While studying abroad in Siena, Italy, for a semester, I was able to work at a graphic design studio, Mc Brain’s, as a graphic designer, photographer and translator. This internship built on my experience with magazine work as the editor-in-chief of Kairos, SMU’s premier undergraduate literary and creative magazine, combining my artistic studies with my writing. I became a translator for the studio and was able to bridge them with English and American companies they had previously had limited access to. The internship skyrocketed my graphic design and linguistic skills and I was offered a job and visa sponsorship at the end of the semester, something I’m considering taking them up on before grad school. I was able to pursue this experience because of Meadows scholarships and have come back ready to pe into my senior year, now with more experience to look toward future work with creative magazine work as both a writer and artist.”
Jennifer Wester
M.F.A. Art ’21
"Through a project grant and residency with the City of Dallas, provided through the Dallas Office of Arts and Culture, I've had the extensively rewarding opportunity to design and distribute culturally specific paper modeling activities and workshops that hone fine motor skills and spatial reasoning while providing creative inspiration to underserved communities in the area. This work has furthered my paper-works practice, led me to develop important grant writing and project scheduling skills critical to a sustainable arts career and led to the creation of many positive relationships with other local organizations and city entities such as the Dallas Public Library, Love For Kids, Deep Vellum Publishing and Dallas Park & Recreation facilities. The ability to work in collaboration with and have so much agency in a city as large and perse as Dallas has been invaluable in the development of my goals and vision as an artist. I don't believe there is any other city in the country with as much opportunity for artists to have voice and impact as in Dallas right now."
Julia Jalowiec
B.F.A. Art ’18
“I came to Meadows as a transfer student and right away dove into the resources and opportunities SMU had to offer. In addition to classes and a trip to study in France, I did an internship with sculptor Deborah Ballard; conducted funded research as an Engaged Learning Fellow on Art Fellowship in Paris, which resulted in a solo sculpture show in downtown Dallas; held a resident artist internship at the Dallas Farmers Market (DFM), for which I organized a collaborative, 150-foot public art wall mural. After the DFM internship, I started work on another public art wall mural and curated a large-scale steel sculpture show featuring the work of artist Dewane Hughes. My opportunities helped me grow not only as an artist, they also helped me grow my network in the art community.” [Photo Southern Methodist University, Hillsman S. Jackson.]
Nida Bangash
M.F.A. Art ’19
"I'm thrilled to be invited to participate in an exhibition celebrating The Crow Collection of Asian Art Museum's 20th Anniversary this year, where I have been paired with one of the objects I selected from the collection. An answer I give to a set of questions asked in an interview will be chosen as part of the object's in-gallery label. In addition to a solo exhibition at The Reading Room in Dallas in November, I am also working towards a group exhibition titled "I Contain Multitudes" at Milwaukee Institute of Art and Design in January. Here at SMU, I am fortunate to be given an opportunity to be amid a group of wonderful creatives the DFW area has to offer."
Art History
Bradley Petty
M.A. in Art History ’26
I served as the Curatorial Intern Fellow in Postwar and Contemporary Art at the Dallas Museum of Art, a role I secured through the museum’s competitive summer internship program. My academic focus on Black, queer and Southwest art aligned closely with the department’s goals, which helped me stand out in the application process. Most of my work involves supporting curatorial projects—conducting provenance research, reviewing exhibition catalogues, contributing to wall text drafts, and updating internal documentation. I also attend department meetings and help prepare content for upcoming rotations in the permanent collection galleries. My favorite part was tracing the histories of works by artists like Donald Judd, Elle Pérez and Gordon Parks. It was incredibly rewarding to uncover archival pathways and connect these objects to broader cultural histories. Overall, the experience was affirming, giving me a firsthand look at how research, writing, and collaboration shape the curatorial process. It has also confirmed my desire to pursue a career in museums while showing me how my academic work can have meaningful, public-facing impact.
Claudia Zapata
Ph.D. candidate in Art History ’19
“In the summer of 2017, I was selected as a Marsh Foundation Curatorial Intern by the Georgia O’Keeffe Museum. As an intern I developed several feasibility reports related to prospective virtual reality applications and programming. The museum’s unique organization as a single-artist museum with historical properties in a remote area provided a unique challenge for integrating technological innovation as a form of preservation. The internship allowed me to extend my professional curatorial experience to a world-renowned museum that incorporates its natural landscape as part of the visitor experience. Each museum has a specific set of opportunities it provides for its visitors, and as an intern, I was able to gain more valuable insight into the considerations of the single-artist museum. The administrative and programmatic persity training that I receive from such experiences is an invaluable professional asset that will incentivize any future employer regarding my abilities to adapt to an arts institution’s professional objectives.”
Lauren Richman
M.A. Art History ’13; Ph.D. candidate in Art History ’19
"Fellowships complement the pursuit of a Ph.D. in art history by expanding students’ resources and enriching their professional network. For the 2017-18 academic year, I was awarded the Terra Foundation for American Art Predoctoral Fellowship at the Smithsonian American Art Museum (SAAM), which honors projects focused on cross-cultural exchange. While at SAAM, I have been able to access archival materials for dissertation research/writing which concluded in a public lecture, work one-on-one with curators, and meet scholars across disciplines thanks to Washington, D.C.’s rich museum community. Not only has my time at SAAM been instrumental for the completion of my Meadows degree, but also it has provided me with valuable exposure to curatorial work. With the support of the faculty in the Art History Department, I have been able to tailor my education and external opportunities to suit my career ambitions."
Arts Management & Entrepreneurship
Molly McNulty
B.A. in Public Relations and Strategic Communication; minor in Arts Management ’20
I had the internship of a lifetime at House of Blues as the marketing and talent buyer intern. As their intern, my favorite task was capturing content from various concerts each month and posting it to the House of Blues Instagram story. Some concerts I covered included Jeremy Zucker and Mike Shinoda. As the intern for the talent buyer, I assisted in creating artist deals for both the Cambridge Room and Music Hall. We conducted research about how a particular artist’s previous shows in Dallas or other similar venues did and created an offer using that information. Artist deals that I assisted in included Still Woozy and Rooney. My course work at SMU helped me in my internship, specifically the Cultural Policy course with Dr. Kathleen Gallagher. Throughout my semester-long project, I learned about the Music Modernization Act, which made me even more excited for a career in the music industry.
Valerie Pizzato
M.A./M.B.A. Candidate and Forté Fellow ’20
I interned at the Dallas Theater Center in their development department. Coming from a nonprofit theater in New York City, it was enlightening to see the difference in the arts fundraising environment in these two cities. I gained experience with many aspects of fundraising, from inpidual giving to events, which builds upon SMU’s fall Fundraising in the Arts course. My direct supervisor was an alumna of the M.A./M.B.A. program, Robin Rose ’10, and I had a tremendous time learning from her. While working on inpidual giving goals, I mastered the art of donor research. I also learned how to use Tessitura, which is central to patron management at many arts organizations. I am well prepared to hold conversations with leaders across the organization about their strategies. My time at the Dallas Theater Center gave me experience at a premiere regional theater (2017 Tony winner, Best Regional Theater) while applying classroom knowledge to real world situations.
Paige Harrington
M.A./M.B.A. Candidate and Forte Fellow ’19
"My internship with Deep Vellum Publishing initiated me into the Dallas fundraising climate. Because it is such a young organization, I was able to work side by side with the executive director and production editor to build Deep Vellum’s contributed income portfolio and address the organization’s financial needs. I attended grant writing seminars hosted by prominent Dallas nonprofit organizations and wrote 10 grants for four different upcoming projects and programs. The fundraising courses with Julia Diaz provided all the knowledge and practice that I needed to be successful in development. Each of the M.A professors share current, first-hand experience, providing a unique awareness of nonprofit function, which was integral to my success during my internship. I walked into Deep Vellum with not only a passion for books but all the essential knowledge to help the organization continue to grow. I gained a new understanding of running a business with a dynamic environment, which has prepared me to launch my own nonprofit publishing house."
Julia Farina
M.A./M.B.A. Candidate and Forte Fellow ’19
“As the development intern at Theatre Communications Group (TCG) I was able to work with both their Inpidual Giving & Specials Events and Institutional Advancement & Partnerships departments. This dual position allowed me to experience and work on projects that touched many aspects of fundraising. Summer is a busy time at TCG - they host their annual national conference in June, the end of their fiscal year occurs in July, gala planning is underway and many foundation reports and government grant applications are due. While working on these things and more, I was able to work on hard skills, such as mastering Raiser’s Edge and writing grant proposals, and soft skills, such as communicating with current and prospective donors and managing cross-functional teams. TCG is truly at the center of the nonprofit theater world, and it was a fantastic experience being able to witness and learn about all the amazing work happening in the field nationwide.”
Corporate Communication and Public Affairs
Maria Murad
B.A. in Corporate Communication and Public Affairs, B.A. in French Language and Literature, and B.A. in Creative Computing; minor in Art ’25
Last fall I worked part-time as a Service and Operations Junior Associate at Fisher Investments’ Plano campus, a position designed for college students that offered a flexible schedule of at least 20 hours per week. In this role, I supported internal business groups by scheduling client interactions, assisting with account onboarding and maintenance, updating internal resources, and gaining exposure to large datasets. The position also provided opportunities to collaborate with upper management and experience Fisher’s dynamic, merit-based culture. This role aligned closely with my long-term goal of pursuing a career in project management within financial services, and it was an invaluable opportunity to gain early exposure to the working world.
Lauren Lehner
B.A. Corporate Communication and Public Affairs; B.A. Public Policy ’21
"During my time as a policy intern at Cornerstone Government Affairs, I had the tremendous opportunity to gain an in-depth understanding of the field of government relations and how private industry influences policy. Additionally, working with a myriad of clients allowed me to not only deepen my understanding of certain policy areas, but also learn and expand those interests to encompass other areas. Over the course of my internship, I was also able to see firsthand how important clear and thoughtful communication is in ensuring the best materials are given to more senior inpiduals within the firm and ultimately to our clients.&nbsp; My assignments included viewing and summarizing congressional hearings, by drafting analysis memos, identifying and reporting on the current news and legislation trends, and preparing materials for clients testifying before Congress.&nbsp; All of these experiences collectively sharpened my critical thinking and writing skills. As I look toward starting law school, I believe the skills and tools I gained from this internship will prove quite valuable and will help me succeed in the future."
Melanie Ekizian
B.A. Public Relations and Strategic Communications; B.A. Environmental Studies; minor in Environmental Anthropology ’20
My experience as the global communications intern at Salesforce in San Francisco gave me a true look into the world of public relations in the tech industry. During my 12-week internship, I worked alongside talented professionals who focused on product public relations, corporate affairs and the company blog. By working at such an expansive company, I was able to learn about crisis response in real time and even assisted in the creation of a crisis and issues management toolkit. Additionally, I learned the company's data analytics program to provide insight for future projects across all teams. By the end of my summer, I was excited to share my well-rounded experience with my classes during my senior year and apply my learnings to my future career. [Photo: Ekizian, left, alongside SMU alumnus (B.A. Political Science '87) Brad Burns, executive vice president and chief communications officer at Salesforce.
Hank Cohen
B.A. Political Science, B.A. Corporate Communication and Public Affairs/Political Communication; minors in International Studies and Spanish ’20
“Through my internship with ExxonMobil I was given a fantastic opportunity to learn more about how the energy industry influences international politics and economics. More so, it became extremely apparent to me how critical communication is in ensuring that multinational corporations can operate efficiently wherever they’re present. As an intern focusing on global digital communications I had the chance to see how data science is becoming an increasingly dynamic and exciting space to work in as a public affairs professional. Being able to understand the science behind how inpiduals interact with messaging so that you can increase people’s understanding of your company is pivotal. As I continue my professional development, the understanding I have been able to gain as a result of working in an evolving media environment for multinational corporation will continue to offer me an invaluable perspective going forward.”
Caroline Curran
B.A. Public Relations and Strategic Communication; B.A. Corporate Communication and Public Affairs/Political; minor in Law and Legal Reasoning ’19
"My internship experiences have prepared me for life beyond graduation in ways I never could have imagined. From the Washington, D.C.-based Twenty-First Century Group, I learned valuable skills in congressional and client relations, even creating materials to aid in winning a $15 million grant for one of our clients. As an external affairs intern at the George W. Bush Presidential Center (Dallas), I assisted the editor in chief with transcription of interviews for their new book, Listening to Leaders, including an interview with former President George W. Bush. At The Power Group, I have learned the ins and outs of media relations. From pitching stories to providing on-site assistance at interviews and television segments, the experience I gained has shaped me into the well-rounded student and professional I am today. Upon graduation, I am excited to begin my career as an account coordinator with RKD Group, a leading fundraising and marketing agency to over 250 regional and national nonprofits." [Photo: Caroline, left, with colleagues Dylan DiGeronimo and Lexie Fields at Twenty-First Century Group.
Creative Computation
Kyle Baker
B.A. Creative Computing; minors in Musical Theatre and Graphic Design ’20
“This past summer I served as the creative intern for MarketScale, a business-to-business marketing firm in downtown Dallas. I worked in the Creative Department doing 3D animation. It was an awesome hands-on experience where I was working on real projects from day one. I learned more about the 3D animation production pipeline through storyboarding, creating photorealistic textures, lighting and doing camera work. My manager worked with me to develop my skills in each of these areas. He showed me how to see things as an animator. Now when I see an object made of something as general as say, plastic, I notice the subtle nuances that give it its own distinct character. For example, I notice its surface’s small imperfections, or the way the light hits it and reflects. This experience was phenomenal and I am so excited to apply what I learned back into my classes this fall.”
Eric Miao
B.A. Creative Computing, B.A. Computer Science ’20; Second Century Scholar
In the summer of 2018, I worked as a web development and design intern at Nickson, LLC. The internship gave me firsthand knowledge on how to transform classroom work to real-world projects. It was an honor to work directly with the management and technology teams at Nickson, headquartered in Dallas with a satellite office in New York City. During my time at Nickson, my main project revolved around the collaborating and developing of Nickson’s new website as well as creating collateral to be used by the chief marketing officer in her marketing campaign. My creative computing and computer science background gave me a strong foundation to think both as an artist and as an engineer. The courses I took at SMU prepared me for the challenges that arose and helped me deliver projects through effective communication and collaboration. The work forced me to be extremely detail oriented and diligent in every task presented. Overall, my internship enhanced my hard and soft skills and made me a better person going forward.
Stejara Dinulescu
B.A. Creative Computing, B.A. Studio Art, B.S. Psychology ’19; President's Scholar, Meadows Scholar
In summer 2018, I began researching the self-referential effect and its relation with aspects of social cognition through SMU's Psychology Department. This work is through the Social and Clinical Neuroscience lab, led by Dr. Benjamin Tabak. Before I was able to begin running statistical analyses, I had to sort and process tens of thousands of data points from our large research study conducted over the past year. Instead of spending weeks completing this manually, I was able to write a program in a few hours to automate this process with practically no error, giving me the desired data in less than a second. The creative computing department equipped me with the tools necessary for programming and problem-solving, not only in this more statistical, data-oriented realm but also in the domains of art, artificial intelligence and video game creation. One example is “Drawing with Movement,” which takes accelerometer data input from Wii remotes strapped to ballroom dancers, processes it through a Markov chain (basic probabilistic artificial intelligence) and draws lines on-screen based on their movement. The result is an interactive performance that illustrates the pure movement of the dancers as well as an autonomous “bot” that draws on-screen based on the data from the dancers.
Dance
Emily Slater
B.F.A. in Dance Performance; minors in Business and in Educational Studies ’22
Going into my first year at Southern Methodist University, I knew that I needed to find a complementary career path to dance and was able to utilize the online classes offered in summer 2020 to obtain a business minor. Eager and nervous, I submitted my application to American Ballet Theatre in New York. Meanwhile, I was working with Silas Farley in preparation for our Hope Show. One night I realized that Silas, a former New York City Ballet dancer, may have a connection at ABT. I decided to meet with him and talk about the opportunity. Silas was glad to help and extremely supportive of my endeavor. A few interviews later, I was offered the position in May! As the end of June was approaching, so was the premiere of the ABT Summer Celebration! For this event, I worked alongside my mentors in weekly meetings as well as emailing and documenting hundreds of donors. During this event, Silas Farley’s work Collage and Creed premiered. Before the premiere, I was honored to attend multiple zoom rehearsals and watch him create on the ABT company!
Kendall Lockhart
B.F.A. Dance ’19
“I had the wonderful opportunity to perform on tour in South Africa as a cast member of Wading Home, a beautiful opera about the tragedy of Hurricane Katrina. As an inpidual preparing to dance professionally for a dance company after college, I was eager to experience dancing on tour for the first time in a place as cultural and historically rich as South Africa. This trip impacted and enriched me professionally, artistically and spiritually. I performed at three different universities in Port Elizabeth, Cape Town and Pretoria. I learned how to travel, communicate with various types of people and how to remain a responsible and accountable company member. In my free time, I saw a multitude of incredible views, enjoyed a farm-to-table breakfast at a vineyard and toured important landmarks relating to the history of Apartheid. It both humbled and inspired me to work closely with South African university students and SMU vocal artists and musicians in collaboration. I developed deep relationships in just two weeks with people I otherwise would have never met.”
Film & Media Arts
Alli Barta
B.F.A. Film and Media Arts; minor in arts management ’20
"After working as a seasonal guest services worker at Live Nation Entertainment – a national live events promoter and music venue operator – at the Dallas Dos Equis Pavilion over summer 2018, I applied for and was offered their operation internship for the 2019 concert season. I learned how to manage stress, both my own and other people’s; how to take the reins of a situation even if it is “above your pay grade”; and witnessed first-hand the delicacy it takes to manage all of the moving parts in such a complex machine. I also learned what a truly phenomenal manager looks like. These experiences taught me to try things. Through it all, I was offered a third internship with Live Nation Productions, their movie production branch in Los Angeles, a place where my love for music and film meet in the middle."
Aggie Ryan
B.F.A. Film and Media Arts ’20, minor in arts management
"Filmmaking is more than just "Lights! Camera! Action!" I had a strong suspicion of this after seven semesters pursuing a B.F.A. in Film and Media Arts and a minor in Arts Management, but it was never so fully confirmed than during my 2019 summer internship at Valiant Pictures, a boutique production company in downtown Manhattan where I experienced firsthand the detailed preparation and hard work required to produce commercials, shorts and feature films. In the office, I read pre-production books, treatments and scripts, and also assisted with editing. On set, I worked as a PA [production assistant] on four commercials and as a second camera assistant on a short film. Beyond general know-how and professional set etiquette, I received advice from my supervisors, including DIT [digital imaging technician] recommendations and tips on how to pitch a script. I'm thankful to have had this opportunity to explore NYC's film scene, learn the day-to-day of production and apply professionalism to my projects."
Maci Mallahan
B.A. Film & Media Arts, B.A. Markets and Culture ’19
During fall semester 2017 I interned at the Dallas Film Society (DFS) in the Educational Outreach department. DFS is a nonprofit organization, and part of what they do is set up workshops and Q&As for high school students in the Dallas area. I was responsible for keeping up with which schools would be attending the events. I also helped put on the events and learned from each speaker. DFS also puts on screenings for the public and I helped the team introduce two of the screenings that semester. One was a screening of “Bram Stoker’s Dracula” (1992) for DFS members. At the screening I was introduced to James V. Hart, who wrote the screenplay and the scripts for “Hook,” “Contact,” “August Rush” and many more. He grew up in the same city as me and graduated from SMU. While interning with the Dallas Film Society, they helped me realize there are more careers in film besides being behind the camera. [Photo: Maci Mallahan, left; James V. Hart, right; fellow Dallas Film Society intern, center.]
Journalism
Anthony Rosado
B.A. in Journalism; minor in Spanish ’25
I spent the summer interning at
D Magazine
, a position I secured through the SMU Meadows PMC Foundation Intern Fellowship Program. Building on my experience writing for
The Daily Campus
, where I covered campus events and wrote feature profiles, I was excited to continue developing my journalistic skills in a professional newsroom. At
D Magazine
, my day-to-day responsibilities included fact-checking and verifying article content, writing blurbs for the magazine’s popular “Things to Do” section, and attending events across Dallas to report on stories. This internship has been an important step toward my goal of pursuing a career in storytelling, where I hope to amplify voices and highlight positive stories that inspire and connect communities.
Sophia Pardo
B.A. in Fashion Media and Journalism; minor in Communication ’26
With the support of my professors and a former manager from a previous internship, I was able to spend the past summer in New York City as part of the American Society of Magazine Editors internship program at
Real Simple
magazine. Day-to-day, I assisted with general administrative tasks, pitching story ideas and writing content for the digital platform. My favorite part was collaborating with incredibly talented creatives who are passionate about producing thoughtful, engaging content. I also loved writing articles for the digital site and being on set for photo and video shoots. While things could get hectic during tight deadlines, that fast-paced energy is what makes working in magazines so exciting! It was a wonderful experience.
Sara Magalio
B.A. Journalism, B.F.A. Dance Performance ’19
In the fall 2018 semester, I worked as a breaking news reporter for The Dallas Morning News. I published numerous ps covering a range of topics, from Dallas crime to the Texas State Fair. This internship challenged me to complete stories on a tight deadline, while also allowing me to become acclimated to working in a professional newsroom. In the spring 2019 semester, I worked as an online editorial assistant for D Magazine. D challenged me to complete lengthier, more thoroughly researched pieces. I specifically covered politics and urban development in Dallas. Both of these internship opportunities have given me invaluable, professional experience in the field that I feel will greatly help me in my future career.
Cassidy Najarian
B.A. Journalism; B.A. Advertising/Digital Media ’19
In spring of 2019, I worked as a breaking news reporter for The Dallas Morning News. Working at a major newspaper sharpened my writing and communication skills and gave me hands-on experience in a fast-paced environment. A lot of my stories are centered around crime and I often had to analyze police reports or call local police stations to get information. This type of work made me step outside my comfort zone and ultimately made me a better journalist.
Maddie Church
B.A. Fashion Media, minor in advertising ’19
“As an intern at Seacrest Studios for the Red Balloon Network at Children’s Health hospital, I gained valuable experience working in broadcast journalism and programming at a multimedia center. During this time, I developed skills in operating the TriCaster and soundboard, as well as hosting on-air radio and game shows. The program is broadcast directly to TVs in every patient’s room to provide entertainment, especially to those who cannot leave their room. It has been a very rewarding experience knowing that I can make a difference doing something I love. This internship has solidified my passion for broadcast journalism and has equipped me with the necessary tools to further explore the industry.”
Music
Greg Eckhardt
M.M. in Musicology ’20
"When I try to explain to someone what musicology is, I tend to say that I "read and write about music." While this is true, I often leave out the many steps that go into becoming a musicologist. Presenting at conferences is just one of these steps. In the past year I've had the opportunity to present at three different conferences, including the New England chapter of the American Musicological Society. Presenting at conferences yields a variety of experiences, most notably the connections one makes when at an event such as this one. This journey will continue as my graduate career continues, but without the support I've received from my professors at Meadows I wouldn't be where I am today. Teaching me the skills that I need to succeed has proved paramount in this academic journey." [In spring 2020 Eckhardt presented a paper at the University of North Texas GAMuT Student Conference on Gustav Mahler and Alfred Roller's 1903-07 Vienna Court Opera productions.]
Nicolas Farmer
B.M. Composition/Horn Performance ’20
"In July 2019, I attended the Analysis, Creation, and Teaching of Orchestration Conference at IRCAM in Paris, France. At the sponsorship of former Meadows Musicology Professor Zachary Wallmark, and in addition to networking with many composers and musicologists, I presented my research on the esoteric orchestration techniques Alexander Scriabin used in his late orchestral music and how they influenced later composers in the early 20th century. At the conference I received valuable feedback on my ongoing research, and I am grateful for the opportunity to pursue a research interest of mine beyond composition and horn during my undergraduate career at Meadows."
Julia Baca
B.M. Performance/Viola, B.M. Music Education ’20
“As a musician, I’ve always found it important to be familiar with as many aspects of a performance as possible. A lot must happen before a performance entertains an audience, and this internship has shown me how successful an institution can be at building relationships with its patrons and producing high-quality publications with limited time, while maintaining professionalism and passion for the task at hand. As an intern, I had the privilege of contributing ideas and edits to the annual program book, season brochure, social media initiatives and first-ever television commercial. This unforgettable summer has allowed me to contribute to the many successes at the Santa Fe Opera and further cemented my passion for yet another part of the music industry.”
Theatre
Josh Whittington-Manning
M.F.A. in Design ’21
"I had the honor of collaborating with Lindsay Silva (M.F.A. '19) on a number of shows she designed for Jubilee Theater in Fort Worth, Texas. Assisting her was such a treat because it brought me two opportunities: One, we have very different styles, so I got to learn new lighting design techniques from her, many of which I would have never considered on my own. Two, I was able to broaden my network by working with the artistic director, director and other designers at Jubilee. Working with Lindsay and the Jubilee accelerated my development as a designer."
Janice Rabian
M.F.A. in Design ’21
"I was the assistant costume designer on Public Works Dallas 2019 working with NYC-based costume designer Lex Liang, who designed costumes for over 100 cast members. I helped create the design of the production. Lex was a wonderful mentor, and gave me a lot of creative freedom and leadership opportunities. I worked closely with the equity actors and community members in fittings and during the tech process. I also worked as an associate costume designer to Professor Claudia Stephens on Cape Fear Regional Theatre's production of "Mamma Mia!" I led creative discussions and collaborated with the CFRT team, the NYC director and NYC choreographer to create a fresh and modern take on this '90s jukebox classic. I led the production process, working closely with the shop manager and professional actors to fit the production. The production was fabulous and sparkly and I walked away from the experience with a great portfolio piece and a new professional network."
Stakiah Washington
B.F.A. Theatre Studies ’21
I had the honor of going to New York City to be in the Stella Adler Black Art Intensive. The six-week intensive took place at the legendary Billie Holiday Theatre in Brooklyn. Besides making lifelong friends, I also had the opportunity to network with well-known actors. Several of the workshops included scene study, monologue work, African dancing, wellness and mental health for artists, music, playwriting and business management in the theatre industry. I had the opportunity of being trained by Ruben Santiago-Hudson, Stephen McKinley Henderson, Michele Shay, Harry Lennix and many more. Through this program I have gained great knowledge and understanding of myself, my craft and those who have come before me.
Rose Cobey
M.F.A. in Design ’20
“I was a lighting intern at Cincinnati Opera—the second-oldest opera company in the U.S.—over the course of the five-show season. During that time, I worked with Thomas Hase, a truly world-famous opera designer, as an intern, second assistant and assistant lighting designer (ALD). It was an exceptional opportunity to experience a prestigious opera company from the inside out, as well as to work with one of the best in the business. My duties were wide-ranging, including traditional ALD tasks such as drafting light plots, as well as unexpected responsibilities such as handling quotes and bids from suppliers. The internship focused almost as much on running a department as it did on design. The most memorable part was working as Thomas’s ALD on a brand-new opera called ‘Blind Injustice,’ commissioned by Cincinnati Opera and based on the Ohio Innocence Project.”
Bri Tobin
M.F.A. in Design ’20
"My fellowship at the Hangar Theatre in Ithaca, New York, really kickstarted my design career! In the span of a few months I participated in the Hangar’s competitive “design boot camp,” designing two children’s plays, two experimental plays in a shared art space, and assisting New York City designers on three productions. The first few weeks were rigorous as we had a short time to collaborate and pitch full designs to the company’s artistic director. To accomplish this, we roomed in a communal living space with our design teams and directing fellows. It was such a unique and fun experience to collaborate day and night with other young professionals. One of the most rewarding parts of the fellowship was the opportunity to workshop with eight successful designers whose credits ranged from Broadway to international opera houses. The fellowship was intense, but I will never forget the skills and confidence I gained!"
Coda Boyce
B.F.A. Theatre/Acting ’20
I attended SpringboardNYC with The American Theatre Wing, a program that introduces theatre students to life in New York City. I learned what it was like to thrive as an actor and pursue the career I was meant for. I attended nine Broadway productions and the Tony Awards! I talked with well-known actors such as Jeremy Pope, Cynthia Erivo, Patti LuPone, and LaTanya Richardson Jackson, who gave some very encouraging advice. We worked all day at Pearl Studios, only blocks away from amazing theatres. We took the subway every morning (the MTA is not your friend), attended workshops and master classes all day, and ended our nights with a show. SpringboardNYC teaches you that the work never stops after graduation, you must keep perfecting your craft by taking classes and seeing shows and going out for auditions. I built so many connections at this program that not only am I excited but I’m also incredibly prepared to make my journey to the Big Apple in 2020.
Yvonne Johnson
M.F.A. Stage Design ’20
“My internship through the Television Academy in Los Angeles for costume design was one of the most epic experiences of my life! I was assigned to Bill Hargate Costumes, the facility that builds the costumes for Marvel as well as for ‘American Horror Story,’ DC’s ‘Superman,’ the new Quentin Tarantino film starring Brad Pitt and a host of other film, television and theatre productions. I got to go on set and see them film the last episode of ‘Strange Angel,’ a CBS streaming show, attend Comic-Con in San Diego where I met Ruth Carter, the costume designer of Marvel’s ‘Black Panther,’ and went costume shopping with Michelle Cole, Emmy-nominated costume designer for ABC’s ‘Black-ish.’ The Television Academy also held networking events for around 60 interns that included a behind-the-scenes experience with HBO’s ‘Game of Thrones’ process. I made some great connections and even received an invitation to the Creative Arts Emmy awards! I can’t wait to go back and see all my idols receive recognition for their great work and hope to one day get to stand in their shoes.” [Photo: Yvonne Johnson, left, with Ruth E. Carter, costume designer of Marvel’s “Black Panther.” Carter is also known for her costume designs for “Malcolm X,” “Roots” (TV series), “Amistad,” “Selma” and multiple additional television shows and films.]
Kassy Amoi
B.F.A. Theatre ’18
“In my work for Ignite/Arts Dallas, I collaborated with Public Works Dallas as a teacher's assistant and company member of the Dallas Theatre Center 2017 production of ‘The Tempest.’ The production involved over 150 actors from throughout the Dallas community and was a collaboration between SMU Meadows, Ignite/Arts Dallas and Dallas Theater Center, in affiliation with New York City’s The Public Theater’s Public Works and Dallas’s AT&T Performing Arts Center. I continue to work for Ignite/Arts Dallas as both a student and artist to learn more about my community in the most fulfilling way possible. The lessons I learn never disappoint me.”
Search the SMU website
Submit