URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/admissions/apply
TITLE: Apply to Undergraduate Business | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

Apply
If you are an admitted transfer student or current UNC student who has completed your first year, you are encouraged to apply to the Undergraduate Business Program.
Application requirements
Adequate progress in the program prerequisites
Resume
Essays
Short-answer questionnaire
Video interview
How to apply
There are two parts to the application process:
Part 1:
Submit an “Apply for Change of Major/Minor” request via Connect Carolina.
To access the application, current students must submit a request to access the application via Connect Carolina.  The request will open on June 15th, 2026, and we strongly advise applicants to begin the process well in advance of the deadline for ample time to complete the various components of the application.  Please note that the request requires overnight processing, and therefore must be submitted at least one business day prior to the deadline. Follow the steps below to submit your request.
After June 15th, 2026, login to
ConnectCarolina
and proceed to
Self Service > Student Center
.
From the “other academic” drop-down section adjacent to your class schedule select “
Apply for Change of Major/Minor
.”
Select “
UNC Kenan-Flagler Undergraduate Business
” from the Major/Minor drop-down.
If you agree to the terms, click “
I Agree
” and “
Submit Request
.”
An email with the link to your application will be sent via email by noon on the following business day. Please do not cancel your request if you have not received an email. Instead, reach out to
ubpadmissions@kenan-flagler.unc.edu
.
Part 2:
Complete the application by the deadline:
9:00 PM EST on August 10, 2026
–
If applying to special opportunities,
Luther Hodges Scholars
or
TREBLE
.
9:00 PM EST on August 24, 2026
–
All other applicants.
Once the “Apply for a Change of Major/Minor” request is submitted and processed,
you should receive an email with a link to your application by noon on the following business day.
Keep an eye on your UNC email’s “junk” folder as the automated email with the activation link might be mistakenly flagged as spam.
Please note that major and minor designations are only updated upon formal admission to the program. Decisions are generally communicated in mid-October with promotion following for admitted students.
FAQ
How do I construct a resume and personal statement?
We strongly encourage you to take advantage of the on-campus resources available to help you prepare a strong application. For help with your resume and personal statement, please refer to the
University Career Services
(UCS) website for business students. UCS has both in-person and virtual resources to help you with your application throughout the summer months.
How do I write strong application essays?
The
UNC Writing Center
is an excellent resource. It offers a
handout describing how to write an effective essay
and their website can also connect you with in-person and virtual assistance.
What should I do if I haven’t received the link to the application?
Please check your spam folder and revisit Connect Carolina to ensure that your form is still listed as submitted.  Do not attempt to cancel your form if submitted.  Instead, reach out to
ubpadmissions@kenan-flagler.unc.edu
.  Be sure to contact us via your UNC email address and include your PID.
How can I connect with the UBP Admissions team?
Please visit our
Pre-Business Counseling homepage
for virtual drop-in hours and informational videos.
More information
For more information, visit
High School student
or
Junior Transfer student
.
Questions?
Please direct application questions to
Undergraduate Business Program Admissions
.