URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/admissions/high-school-students
TITLE: Undergraduate Business for High School Students | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

High School Students
Admissions Process for High School Prospective Students
UNC Kenan-Flagler’s Undergraduate Business Program is a professional school within the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. A portion of undergraduate business majors—approximately two-thirds—will enter the program through the Assured Enrollment Business pathway. This special opportunity allows high-achieving, focused high school applicants to secure a place in the business major before arriving on campus, provided they meet certain academic and programmatic requirements during their first year. Students admitted through Assured Enrollment officially enter the business major in the fall of their sophomore year—earlier than the standard intra-university transfer population, assuming all program requirements are met. See additional information, including program overview, selection criteria, and program requirements below.
The intra-transfer application process is available to students who were not offered Assured Enrollment upon admission to UNC, as well as to those who discover an interest in business after arriving on campus. To learn more about our intra-transfer admissions process, we encourage you to review the Admissions Information for Current Students or take advantage of our campus and virtual visit opportunities.
UNC Admissions Information & Main Campus Tours
Explore Kenan-Flagler Visit Options
How Assured Enrollment Works
Nominees for Assured Enrollment are selected through a comprehensive review of their UNC Undergraduate Admissions application. No supplemental application is required. Selection is based on:
An exemplary high school academic record.
A strong sense of character and integrity, demonstrated through resilience, responsibility, and a commitment to making a positive impact in your community or environment.
Well-rounded and impactful engagement outside the classroom, which may include extracurricular activities, community involvement, or work experience.
A demonstrated curiosity about business and related fields, reflected through academic choices, personal initiatives, or co-curricular experiences.
Application Guidelines
To be considered for Assured Enrollment:
Apply to Carolina
by the Early Action Deadline.
Select Assured Enrollment to UNC Kenan-Flagler as an interest area within the Special Opportunities section of the UNC application.
List Business Administration as one of your top three Academic Interests.
Only applicants nominated for Special Opportunities will receive a supplemental review for Assured Enrollment. There are no additional materials required.
Program Requirements
To maintain Assured Enrollment status to enter the business major fall of sophomore year, students must:
Remain in good academic standing and complete the following prerequisite courses with a grade of C or better [not C-] within their first two semesters:
Calculus: MATH 152, MATH 231, or STOR 113
Statistics: STOR 120, STOR 155, or DATA 110
Economics: ECON 101
Introduction to Business: BUSI 100 (Placed in a dedicated section with cohort in year 1.
Transfer credit, AP, and IB equivalencies
are accepted.
Complete the Assured Enrollment required course, BUSI 200, in year 1.
Submit a streamlined, non-evaluative application after their first year to confirm their intent to pursue the business major.
If your academic interests change, there is no obligation to pursue a business degree.
Follow Kenan-Flagler on LinkedIn
Learn More Via YouTube Channel
Kenan-Flagler on Facebook
Kenan-Flagler News
FAQ
What are the steps for applying to Carolina?
Please visit UNC Undergraduate Admissions for a Step-by-Step Guide for applying to the
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
.
What is the cost of tuition?
Students should contact the Office of Scholarships and Student Aid if they have additional questions regarding
tuition
,
program fees
,
financial aid
and
scholarship opportunities
.
Business Program Fee
This is a fee that is charged to all students who are fully matriculated into the Undergraduate Business Program, whether as a major or a minor, to help fund additional programming and resources offered to enrolled students.
As of the Fall 2023 term, majors are charged $1,000 per term and minors (Business Administration, Business of Health, and Real Estate) are charged $500 per term. PEF will begin the semester you are enrolled as a major or minor within the UBP. The fee is administered each semester you are enrolled as an UBP student.
Important:
UNC’s Financial Aid Office will automatically calculate additional financial aid required as a result of the fee and UNC Kenan-Flagler will directly reimburse student accounts for eligible fee charges. If you complete the financial aid process through the University, and financial need is determined, you
do not have to do anything additionally
​​​​​​​ – you will automatically receive an offset.
If you do not complete the financial aid process or need is not determined, you have the option of
requesting a scholarship/grant to cover the fee
.  You would need to request this each term you want to apply for relief.
What are the advantages to applying for the Assured Enrollment Program?
If admitted through the Assured Enrollment Program, you will join a select cohort of peers who have guaranteed admission to the Undergraduate Business Program, access to first-year programming—including leadership and career courses—and eligibility for a Kenan-Flagler Global Program designed exclusively for the Assured Enrollment Program students.
Why do I need to apply to the Undergraduate Business Program if I've been admitted through the Assured Enrollment Program?
You will still submit an application to the Undergraduate Business Program after your first year at UNC to indicate program preferences and term of entry.  Application requirements may vary depending on your interest in special programming (such as
Hodges Scholars
or the
TREBLE Program
).
I wasn’t offered Assured Enrollment. Can I still study business at UNC?
Yes. You can apply to the Undergraduate Business Program through our intra-transfer process after your first year. This pathway is designed for students who discover their interest in business after exploring UNC’s many academic and co-curricular opportunities. Non-majors also have
limited access to business courses
.
May I request reconsideration or be added to a waitlist for Assured Enrollment to Kenan-Flagler?
Decisions for Assured Enrollment are final, and given the supplemental nature of the review process, we are not at liberty to share details regarding the evaluation process.
If selected for Assured Enrollment, do I have the opportunity to start business classes early?
Yes, you will begin UNC with two first-year business courses along with business prerequisites. You may have the opportunity to begin business core courses early depending on your progression through the business prerequisite courses.
Are there scholarships available for incoming students?
Yes. A select number of scholarships are available specifically for students admitted through the Assured Enrollment Business pathway. These are awarded based on a variety of factors and do not require a separate application. Students will be notified at time of decision release.
In addition, all students are automatically considered for University-wide scholarships when they apply to UNC. These scholarships are managed by the Office of Scholarships and Student Aid and are awarded based on academic achievement, financial need, and other criteria. Learn more
here
.
Have questions? Contact us.
Email:
ubpadmissions@kenan-flagler.unc.edu
Phone:
919-962-0339