URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/global-programs/immersion-electives/argentina-uruguay
TITLE: Argentina &amp; Uruguay | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

Argentina & Uruguay
This Global Immersion Elective will build your knowledge of the global business environment by focusing on business issues that arise in emerging markets when companies operate in an environment of high political and macro-economic uncertainty. By focusing on two neighboring cities on either side of the Rio Plata, this program highlights contrasts in aspects of the business environment that we often take for granted in the United States, such as the importance of trade and industrial policy, social forces, and political structures, in shaping business opportunities. A comparative approach also allows us to explore opportunities for regional development and cooperation across borders.
While in Buenos Aires, you will immerse yourself in company and cultural activities alongside Argentine peers – diving deeper into the perspectives and lived experiences of local “Porteños.” Throughout the program, you will be encouraged to develop cross-cultural understanding, communication, and teamwork in a global environment.
> Jump to program details
The program will visit Buenos Aires, Argentina, and will include travel to Colonia and Montevideo, Uruguay. Students will engage in company visits in both cities, as well as cultural activities in both cities.
Dr. Kristin Wilson
, Clinical Assistant Professor of Strategy and Entrepreneurship, will lead this immersion.
Eligibility
Eligibility:
Business Major, Business Admin Minor, Real Estate Minor, or Business of Health Minor
GPA Requirement
: None
Language Prerequisite
: None
Class During Program
: None
Language of Instruction
: English
Accessibility Resources
Application Dates
Application Opens:
July 2, 2025
Application Deadline:
August 25, 2025
Application Requirements:
Watch
Global Immersion Electives Logistics Video
Watch
Program-Specific Promotional Video
Submit your application on/by the deadline listed above
Apply Here
Program Information
Program Terms and Dates
Students are required to be available for all of the dates below
:
Compulsory in-person classes in Chapel Hill:
Friday, October 31, 2025: 9:30am-12:30pm ET (McColl 3550)
Friday, November 14, 2025: 9:30am-12:30pm ET (McColl 3600)
Saturday, November 15, 2025: 9:30am-12:30pm ET (McColl 3600)
Friday, November 21, 2025: 9:30am-3:30pm ET (McColl 3550)
Saturday, November 22, 2025: 9:30am-12:30pm ET (McColl 3550)
Wednesday, December 10, 2025: 9:30am-11am ET (Optional Virtual Class)
Wednesday, January 7, 2026, 5:30-7:00pm (Wrap-Up Class, Bell 2030)
Back-up class dates (in case of inclement weather and/or home game basketball schedule)
:
Friday, November 14, 2025: 1pm-5pm ET (McColl 3600)
Saturday, November 22, 2025: 1pm-5pm ET (McColl 3550)
In-country travel dates:
Depart RDU (or airport nearest to home) on Saturday, December 13, 2025; Arrive in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Sunday morning, December 14, 2025
Depart Montevideo, Uruguay on the evening of Sunday, December 21, 2025; Arrive to RDU (or airport nearest to home) on Monday, December 22, 2025.
Please note the arrival and return flight are from a different locations. When looking at flights, book a multiple-location trip or 2 independent flights.
Application Requirements
You must be admitted to the UNC Kenan-Flagler Undergraduate Business Program as a business major or minor to apply for this program. Pre-business students, non-business majors and minors, and non-UNC students are not eligible. Admission status will be verified for all applicants.
The following items are required for application to the program.
Essay (written or video)
Resume
Scholarship
Campus Safety/Honor Code
Attest to have watched:
Global Immersion Electives Logistics Video
Program-Specific Promotional Video
Complete application information and instructions can be found on the
Undergraduate Business Global Programs Apply
page. Access the application through the
Undergraduate Business Programs Application Portal
.
Accessibility
If you are registered with the Accessibility Office or if you require certain accommodations to study abroad, please make an appointment with a Kenan-Flagler Global Programs Advisor to discuss your needs.
Academics
Please visit
Global Academic Procedures
for detailed credit and other academic information.
You will be enrolled in a 3.0 credit hour course during Fall semester (Mod 2), earning UNC business elective credit and satisfying the requirements for Experiential Education/High Impact.
Selected participants will be expected to actively contribute and engage in the course from the first session through the end of the program. Missing a class for personal reasons is not excused.
Possible assignments could be a combination of:
Completing a cultural profile
Journaling about cultural, career, and academic subjects
Team projects such as podcast broadcasts, storyboarding, infographic creation & presentation, and/or presenting about company visits
Reading responses.
Housing
With other program participants, you will stay in double- or triple-occupancy hotel rooms in Argentina and Uruguay. Students who wish to stay in a single room may opt to pay an additional fee.
Program Cost
We suggest you create your study abroad budget using our
budget worksheet
(xlsx) to help you think about your costs on this program:
Populate the figures from the tables below into the left side costs of attendance
Input your financial resources on the right
Your customized budget sheet can help determine your current financial status, and help you understand what additional funding you may need to help make this an affordable program option.
Cashier Billed Expenses*
Expense
Estimated Amount
Tuition & Program Fees
1
$4,000
BCBS Global Solutions Medical Insurance
$21.28
*Cashier Billed Expenses are those charges billed directly to your UNC ConnectCarolina account.
Out of Pocket Estimates**
Expense
Estimated Amount
International Airfare
$1,600
Immigration Visa/Residence Permit
$0 (US Citizens)
Passport Application Renewal
$145
International Cell Phone Plan
2
$100
Personal Expenses
Meals Not Provided by Program
$150
Travel Insurance
$100
Local Transportation Not Provided by Program
$50
Hotel Incidentals (ex. Laundry, Phone)
$25
Total Estimated Expenses:
$6,191.28
Withdrawal Policy:
Once a student accepts their offer to study abroad, the spot will be considered filled and will not be offered to another student. Students who withdraw after accepting an offer must email UBP Global Programs at
ubpglobal@kenan-flagler.unc.edu
, stating in full the reasons for the late withdrawal.
Students who withdraw from UBP Global-administered programs after formally enrolling are responsible for non-recoverable costs to the provider. The cost of withdrawing can be substantial, depending on when the student withdraws, as the on-the-ground provider incurs costs in preparation for the program.
Your cashier’s account will be assessed an additional charge to cover any/all amounts that Kenan-Flagler UBP Global programs have committed or paid on your behalf and are non-recoverable at the time of withdrawal, such costs may include housing, meals, transportation, and faculty or staff compensation.
1 I
ncludes accommodations (including breakfast daily and wireless internet), travel as part of the program, venue rental if required, airport transfers, some lunches, cultural activities as outlined on the itinerary, gratuities for guides, and a
study abroad administrative fee ($700).
2
The Cost of the plan varies depending on the individual cell phone provider. The program expects participants to purchase an international phone plan for emergency purposes. Wi-fi is available at the hotel.
**Out-of-Pocket Estimates are based on the cost of the program, which is determined by combining the average costs our previous students have spent in each of these categories, along with the costs our partner provides to us as their averages. These estimates are subject to change based on exchange rate fluctuations, bank fees, and individual variances in costs of living.
Scholarships & Financial Aid
The Undergraduate Business Program offers both merit and financial-need-based scholarships to support our students who wish to study abroad.
If you are applying for a Kenan-Flagler Global Programs Scholarship, please note that average merit scholarship amounts for this program range between $500-$1000.
If you are applying for a financial-need scholarship, the specific scholarship amount will be determined by supplemental UNC Office of Scholarships and Student Aid information.
Study abroad scholarship applications are embedded in the global program application and award amounts will be communicated with program decisions.
Please visit the
Scholarships and Financial Aid page
to learn more.
Travel Documents
Do you have a valid passport?
If yes, check your passport’s expiration date to ensure that your passport is valid at least 6 months after your program’s scheduled end date. If not, you’ll need to
submit a passport renewal application
.
Do you need to apply for a passport (first time or renew)?
If yes, we recommend that you get started on your passport application right away as you’ll need time to collect documents like your birth certificate to include as part of your application. For complete instructions
click here
.
Will I need
immigration
documents?
U.S. citizens do not need a visa to enter Argentina or Uruguay.
Meet with an Advisor
UBP students can schedule a meeting with the UBP Global Team to learn more about this and other Global Immersion Electives by clicking on the “Schedule Appointment” link below.
Schedule Appointment