URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/student-experience/ways-to-engage
TITLE: Ways to Engage | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

Ways to Engage
Clubs and organizations
Student-led
clubs and organizations
shape our community and offer valuable leadership, networking, career and social opportunities. They are open to all students coming from all majors.
The
Minority Business Student Alliance
unites minority students interested in business administration, economics, industrial relations and other business-related disciplines. It brings students together with business professionals and faculty members who advise on career and educational opportunities.
Carolina Women in Business
promotes the advancement of women in business through professional development, community outreach, campus involvement and social opportunities.
Undergraduate Pride@KFBS
increases LGBTQ+ visibility at UNC Kenan-Flagler and builds a sense of community for LGBTQ+ students and allies interested in business. It connects you with LGBTQ-friendly employers and provide extensive professional development opportunities specific to the needs of LGBTQ+ business students. It also welcomes allies to show support and join educational events that provide tools to help you become better allies.
Ascend
creates community for Pan-Asian aspiring professionals and other students. It provides access to a wide variety of resources for professional development and social opportunities to advance your future careers.
The
Community, Equity & Inclusion Board
of UBP students, staff and faculty promote the celebration of all identities that have not been historically celebrated or represented to promote intercultural dialogue and interactions.
Other student clubs and organizations at UNC that offer opportunities for engagement include:
Black Student Movement
Carolina Indian Circle
Carolina Firsts
Carolina Leadership Development
UNC Latino/student organizations
Becoming a better ally
UNC-Chapel Hill’s commitment to diversity and inclusion is embedded across the campus. We believe that when equal access to academic success is available to all members of the Carolina community, the whole world benefits.
Carolina offers training programs for faculty, staff and students to support our diverse populations and to create an inclusive community.
Green Zone Training
Green Zone
trains members of the Carolina community to know more about issues and concerns faced by military-affiliated students and identify individuals who are available to assist them. Upon completion, you will be prepared to lend a sympathetic ear and help student veterans identify and connect with the appropriate resources.
HAVEN Training
Helping Advocates for Violence Ending Now
(HAVEN) is a collaboration between the Equal Opportunity & Compliance Office, Carolina Women’s Center, Office of the Dean of Students and Student Wellness. Learn tools to be an ally to someone who has experienced sexual or interpersonal (relationship) violence or stalking. The three-hour training emphasizes the importance of listening, responding compassionately and connecting survivors to resources on campus and in the community.
Safe Zone Training
Safe Zone
training introduces concepts, terminology and resources related to sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression as well as an extended course on Gender Identity & Gender Expression. Its purpose is to make the University community a safer and more supportive place for all Carolina students, faculty and staff members by creating a network of allies who have basic knowledge about transgender and intersex communities.
UndocuCarolina
UndocuCarolina
– a collaboration of the Carolina Latinx Center, LatinxEd, students, faculty, staff and community members – works to increase visibility, support and resources for members of the Carolina community living with the effects of undocumentation.
Carolina First Advocates
To provide guidance on study skills or goal setting, faculty and staff members have taken
special training
to discuss some of the challenges and strengths that Carolina’s first-generation college students face. They are committed to helping you make the most of your time at Carolina and are waiting to hear from you.