URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/admissions/current-unc-students
TITLE: Undergraduate Business for Current UNC Students | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

Current UNC Students
Undergraduate Business Admissions for current UNC students
UNC Kenan-Flagler’s rigorous business major or minor will prepare you with problem-solving, leadership and strategic thinking skills that you can use to stand out in any career.
Access the Application
Visit the
Apply page
for application requirements and instructions.
Learn More
Selection criteria
Admission to the Undergraduate Business Program is selective. Your
application
will be reviewed with the following criteria in mind.
UNC-Chapel Hill academic performance (students must spend at least one year in the College of Arts and Sciences before applying to the business program), or transfer school quality and academic performance (for sophomore transfer students)
Progress and performance in business prerequisite courses
Leadership potential
Effective communication skills (written and oral)
Analytical skills
Intellectual curiosity
Extracurricular activities and work experience that demonstrate results-oriented engagement and correlate to career focus
Community service
Strength of character
Rationale for business
Admission timeline and process
First year at UNC
In your first year, make sure to
start taking business
major
or
minor
pre-requisites
along with your general education requirements.
Work with the advisors
from the
UNC Advising
during New Student Orientation and within your first two semesters at UNC. Starting the advising process early will help you balance the business school prerequisites with your other requirements and interests.
Declare yourself a pre-business major or minor to stay informed.
As a pre-business major or minor, you’ll receive important program information from the UNC Kenan-Flagler admissions team and can participate in programming to support your path to the business school.
Attend the
Undergraduate Business Open House/Business Club Fair
in the fall semester.
Take advantage of
a series of
application workshops
within the spring semester.
Connect with our admissions team
Summer after your first year
After you’ve completed your first year at UNC, you can
access our application via the
Apply
page over the summer
. Plan on working on your application throughout the summer and prior to the application deadline, which occurs in August.
Sophomore year
Admissions Decisions: Mid-October
Admitted students begin the Undergraduate Business journey with the Spark on-boarding program and have access to business school resources as soon as they receive notice of admission in mid-October.
Decisions are released mid-October for the following spring entry term and are contingent upon the final completion of any remaining business pre-requisites.
Sophomores admitted with a pre-requisite remaining to complete in the spring semester will be considered conditional admits, which simply means that they may have some limitations to the number and type of business courses to be completed in combination with their remaining pre-requisite.
Sophomores not admitted their first attempt will have the opportunity to apply again within the next cycle as juniors. In the meantime, they should begin making progress towards their alternate major/minor path.
Admitted term of entry
Admitted students begin the business core curriculum in either the spring or fall term of the following calendar year.
Your access to business core and elective courses is dependent on the number of outstanding pre-requisites at time of admission.
Admitted students who have completed the pre-requisites (C or better) prior to the spring semester may enroll in business courses for the upcoming spring semester. Students admitted for fall likely have one pre-requisite to complete in the spring semester.
Prerequisites
Students must complete the following business prerequisite courses with a C or better
[not C-].
Calculus* (One of the following options:  MATH 152 or MATH 231 or STOR 113)
Statistics (STOR 120 or STOR 155 or DATA 110)
Introduction to Economics (ECON 101 or ECON 101H)
Introduction to Business: People, Profits, Planet (BUSI 100)
Advanced Placement (AP) or transfer credit equivalents are accepted as long as the UNC equivalent is awarded.  Equivalencies can be found on the
Transfer and Placement Credit section of the UNC Undergraduate Admissions website
.
*Calculus is not required for minors admitted for Spring 2026 forward.
Undergraduate Business Program Enhancement Fee
As of the Fall 2023 term, majors are charged $1,000 per term and minors (Business Administration, Business of Health, and Real Estate) are charged $500 per term. PEF will begin the semester you are enrolled as a major or minor within the UBP. The fee is administered each semester you are enrolled as an UBP student. This fee is directly applied to various aspects of the UBP, including student programming, student scholarships, expanded student advising, career, study abroad and wellness services.
FAQ
Do I need to complete prerequisites prior to applying?
Students may apply prior to completing all of their business prerequisites. However, we do give slight preference to students with the majority of their business prerequisites completed at time of application. All prerequisite courses must be completed (with a grade of C or above) prior to starting program requirements.
Do I need to repeat a course if I receive a C?
No, you should not repeat courses that you pass. In addition, you should not repeat a course more than one time.
How many applicants are admitted?
We admit approximately 415 majors and approximately 104 minors.
What is the average GPA of admitted applicants? Do I need a minimum GPA to apply?
The average GPA for the class is typically about 3.83.
Any student in good standing may apply.
We give preference to applicants with a GPA of at least 3.0.
May I take an upper-level business course prior to admission?
First-Year students are not eligible to enroll in business courses outside of the prerequisite. UNC students with sophomore status or above can explore business courses at the 400 level and above through the
non-major course process
.
Are business courses taken at another university transferable?
Perhaps. Please refer to
UNC’s Credit Rules
for more information on transfer credit. Note that you are limited to a total of 14 credit hours of business transfer credit, and only three upper level courses (BUSI 400-700) may apply toward the Undergraduate Business degree.
May I reapply if denied?
Yes. When you do reapply, it’s important to show significant change, such as more extracurricular leadership experience, more focused short-term and long-term career goals, stronger GPA and/or new relevant work experience. We strongly encourage you to describe these changes in the optional essay in your reapplication.
What is the TREBLE Program?
The TREBLE Program offers students the ability to study business on three continents at three top partner schools (UNC Kenan-Flagler, Copenhagen Business School and
Singapore Management University
) with a group of outstanding peers. More information on this unique opportunity can be found on the
TREBLE
website.
What is the Undergraduate Business Program Enhancement Fee?
As of the Fall 2023 term, majors are charged $1,000 per term and minors (Business Administration, Business of Health, and Real Estate) are charged $500 per term. PEF will begin the semester you are enrolled as a major or minor within the UBP. The fee is administered each semester you are enrolled as an UBP student. This fee is directly applied to various aspects of the UBP, including student programming, student scholarships, expanded student advising, career, study abroad and wellness services.
UNC Kenan-Flagler’s Undergraduate Business Program is the last public, top-25 ranked (by Bloomberg Businessweek)
undergraduate business program
to implement a differential fee or tuition. Private schools do not charge a similar, differential fee as the revenues from their much higher tuition negate the need.  Even with the fee, the UBP remains the lowest cost undergraduate business program of all our peers.
What if I face financial hardship because of the fee?
UNC’s Financial Aid Office will automatically calculate additional financial aid required as a result of the fee and UNC Kenan-Flagler will directly reimburse student accounts for eligible fee charges.
If you complete the financial aid process through the University, and financial need is determined, you
do not have to do anything additionally
​​​​​​​ – you will automatically receive an offset.
If you do not complete the financial aid process or need is not determined, once admitted, you will have the option of requesting a scholarship/grant to cover the fee.  You would need to request this each term you want to apply for relief.