URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/global-programs/scholarships-financial-aid
TITLE: Undergraduate Business Global Programs Scholarships &amp; Financial Aid | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

Global Programs Scholarships & Financial Aid
Financial support options for your business study abroad experience
The Undergraduate Business Program believes in the transformative power of studying abroad. We urge you to consider one of the many business-focused programs we offer overseas not only for the benefits of self-discovery and perspective broadening that come with international travel, but also because these programs will help you master essential global business skills that can launch your career.
Study abroad programs can require a substantial financial commitment. To help defray these costs, you may apply for an array of aid programs, some of which are exclusively available to Undergraduate Business Program students.
Financial Aid for Undergraduate Business students and Future Business Admit students
The
UNC Office of Scholarships and Student Aid (OSSA)
assists students who currently receive financial aid and who might be interested in studying abroad to plan for expenses and, if necessary, adjust their financial aid package. For any study abroad-related questions pertaining to financial aid please
email UNC OSSA
.
UNC
financial aid
typically refers to funding based on a student’s financial need, as determined by the FAFSA and is administered by UNC OSSA. This includes federal aid like Pell Grants
.
Merit or financial-need scholarships
are awarded based on specific criteria, such as academic achievement, leadership, talents, or financial need, and may come from the university, private organizations, or donors. Unlike federal aid, these scholarships don’t always require FAFSA and often have additional application requirements.
Undergraduate Business study abroad scholarships
The Undergraduate Business Program offers competitive merit and financial-need scholarships for students applying to study abroad programs through UNC Kenan-Flagler, including Future Business Admit Global Programs. These scholarship opportunities are separate from any existing financial aid package that a student receives from the UNC OSSA.
Merit scholarship awards typically range from $500-$1,500, depending on the type of study abroad program (e.g. summer vs. semester).
Financial-need scholarship awards vary depending on demonstrated need (as verified by the UNC OSSA) and individual financial circumstances. Applicants will expand upon their individual circumstances directly within the scholarship application.
To apply, you’ll submit a completed scholarship application form, resume, and personal statement detailing why you wish to be considered for a study abroad scholarship. The scholarship application is embedded within the UBP Global program application/FBA Global Program Application. You can apply for a UNC Kenan-Flagler scholarship when you submit your global program application. The deadline is the same as the global program application deadline; incomplete or late applications will not be considered.
UNC Kenan-Flagler global programs scholarships are prioritized for first-time study abroad participants through FBA and UBP Global Programs. Business students who intend to participate in additional UBP Global Programs may still be considered and apply for a UNC Kenan-Flagler global programs scholarship, but the award amount may be less than first-time FBA/UBP Global study abroad students.
Additional UNC and outside scholarship opportunities
Recipients of the
Summer Study Abroad Fellowship
award (formerly $5,000, now $8,000) are eligible to apply that funding to the following Undergraduate Business Global Programs:
Global Immersion Electives
(
May only
)
International Internship Programs
Summer Study Abroad Programs
FBA Global Programs
If you are accepted to a UNC Kenan-Flagler Global Program and have not yet used your
Summer Study Abroad Fellowship
award, you must use the award for that UNC Kenan-Flagler program. You may also combine the
Summer Study Abroad Fellowship
award with a need or merit-based UNC Kenan-Flagler Global scholarship to support your enrollment on a summer Undergraduate Business Global Program, up to the total program cost of attendance (see the Program Cost section of your respective program webpage).
The UNC Study Abroad Office manages
another resource
which lists a variety of funding opportunities. They keep a database of study abroad-related awards that are available to UNC students and/or that UNC students have won in the past.