URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/student-experience
TITLE: Undergraduate Business Student Experience | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

Student Experience
Engage in undergraduate student life at UNC Kenan-Flagler.
A unique, participatory classroom experience and collaborative learning culture are just two of the many facets of your life as an Undergraduate Business student at UNC Kenan-Flagler. You’ll be encouraged to seize opportunities that will take you beyond the classroom, gaining experiences that will strengthen your idea of the purpose of your UNC education— and that will set you apart when you begin your career.
Student clubs
Student clubs are a unique part of the UBP experience. You build camaraderie while you explore specific careers, participate in activities that explore your passions and develop leadership skills.
Join a Club
Student wellness
Being a business student is hard work. The UBP is committed to helping you address challenges to your personal success  across eight dimensions of holistic wellness.
Learn about wellness
An inclusive community
We are building an inclusive environment by cultivating an environment where we can grow, learn, and support one another.
Learn more
Study business abroad.
Study abroad at a top university to gain a firsthand appreciation of global business and a new perspective on the world. A portfolio of over 40 business-focused, transformational global programs give you the chance to live and work abroad, gaining valuable insight into how business is done around the world.
Expand your international network
Engage with our full-time and visiting international student populations who enrich the classroom experience with their diverse backgrounds and perspectives.
0
%
Students are foreign nationals
0
Foreign exchange students
0
Countries represented
Join in the Undergraduate Business Symposium.
Offering an exciting exchange of ideas among executives, students and faculty, the Undergraduate Business Symposium is our annual highlight for the entire School. During the symposium you meet upper-level executives from a variety of public and private organizations and gain exposure to critical real-world issues happening in business right now. Business students coordinate every aspect of the program.
Join the Symposium
Become a Luther Hodges Scholar.
Each year, the Kenan Institute of Private Enterprise selects 10 to 20 sophomore students as Luther Hodges Scholars. The students are recognized for their superior scholarship and genuine interest in learning how to put knowledge into action. Luther Hodges Scholars connect with academic thought leaders, top business executives and leading policymakers to learn how to identify and provide sustainable solutions to contemporary complex issues.
Become a Scholar
Related News
View more
In other news: March 2025
Spotlight on a one-of-a-kind student-managed fund, perennial lessons from mentors and more insights and highlights from the UNC Kenan-Flagler community
In other news: February 2025
A big teaching honor, pumped for Spirit Week and more insights and highlights from the UNC Kenan-Flagler community
In other news: November 2024
A very spooky pop-up, celebrating fall graduates and more insights and highlights from the UNC Kenan-Flagler community