URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/for-parents-families
TITLE: For Undergraduate Business Parents &amp; Families

For Undergraduate Parents & Families
Welcome to the UNC Kenan-Flagler Undergraduate Business Program.
The Undergraduate Business Program (UBP) is open to current UNC students who want to major or minor in business. Students apply to the program in their sophomore year and, if accepted, are able to access a variety of resources, programs and academic and career support exclusive to—and tailored specifically for—current business students and alumni.
Every member of the UBP team is here to make sure your student has the best experience possible while receiving a top-notch business education. Read on to learn more about the benefits your student will experience as a member of the Undergraduate Business Program and to find ways you can engage with the school.
What Makes Kenan-Flagler different?
UNC Kenan-Flagler is one of the top-ranked business schools in the nation. Our esteemed faculty members are leaders in their fields and are truly dedicated to teaching the business leaders of tomorrow. Admission to any Kenan-Flagler program, including the Undergraduate Business Program, is selective, but we pride ourselves on maintaining a learning culture that is collaborative, team-based, down-to-earth, and fun. Recruiters often tell us that Undergraduate Business Program students are not only ready to succeed in their careers, but truly enjoyable to work with.
UBP students by the numbers
0
%
Female
0
%
Male
0
%
International
0
%
African-American, Hispanic, Latin, Asian and Native American
0
Countries represented
The undergraduate academic experience
As an undergraduate business major or minor, your student will develop and hone the kinds of practical skills that are invaluable in the real world. Our Undergraduate Business
curriculum
allows students to develop a sound understanding of business fundamentals while exploring a wide variety of elective courses focused on developing the business essentials that top employers seek.
Whether conducting market research with young entrepreneurs on the streets of a South African township or delivering an elevator pitch to a Business Communications professor here on campus, UNC Kenan-Flagler offers students purposeful experiences that go beyond the classroom and textbook.
Your student will learn-by-doing through our hands-on approach to teaching, dynamic career programming, and vibrant student life activities. At every step along this transformational journey, your student will receive support from a team of advisors invested in their long-term success.
“My husband and I are Texas Longhorns and when our oldest son decided to come to Chapel Hill, we were thrilled for him. With that said, we didn’t have a network in North Carolina and were unsure how we could plug into the university. We decided to join the UNC Kenan-Flagler Parents Council and after attending the first meeting, we immediately had a home at Carolina. We quickly met other parents, were blown away with the quality of the faculty, and ultimately became part of the business school family. We can honestly say we now have a 2nd alma mater—Go Heels!”
Career support
The job market is competitive. We know that long-term career success requires excellent academic and real-world preparation, the right connections, and the ability to stand out from the pack.
The
Undergraduate Business Programs Career Services
team specializes in positioning your student’s business education to have the greatest impact in the job search—whether your student is seeking a position in finance or the arts. Career services will also connect your student to the recruiters, alumni, and industry leaders who can help launch their career.
Expert coaches will help your student develop a broad spectrum of career and professional competencies
Personalized resume, interview & networking guidance
Support for lining up the right internships
Career events, workshops, symposia, networking, and recruiting opportunities
Global opportunities
These days, international business experience is critical to long-term career success. Your student will be able to learn and practice essential global business competencies, expand their knowledge of different nations, and increase their ability to communicate and function effectively across cultures by studying abroad in our immersive, business-focused programs. The transferable skills developed through a global experience can then be shared with potential employers and help your student stand out in the recruiting process.
UNC Kenan-Flagler’s dedicated Undergraduate Global Programs team will help your student select from a portfolio that includes more than
40 short-term and long-term business study abroad programs in over 20 countries
—each specifically designed to augment and expand on the undergraduate business curriculum.
We’ve made it easy to find the right fit for your student’s unique academic, career, and personal objectives so they can experience life-changing and transformative global opportunities through one of our faculty-led Global Immersion electives, summer abroad programs, international internship opportunities, and semester study abroad programs.
To learn more please review our
Global Programs FAQs
.
“We have had two children come through the UNC Kenan-Flagler program—and our third child is starting this fall. As a 1983 graduate of the business school, I am grateful to know that the faculty and staff are still teaching and caring for our students at a world-class level. Kenan-Flagler has been wonderful to our children by training them to be successful business leaders. The best part of it all is that my wife, who went to Duke, is now fully outnumbered in our family. I couldn’t be happier!”
Student life
The unique learning environment at Kenan-Flagler is just one facet of your student’s experience here. They will have a range of opportunities to learn, grow and make connections outside of the traditional classroom setting through
Global Studies
, the
Undergraduate Business Symposium
,
Kenan Institute Leadership Fellows
and
Student Clubs
. Your student will be encouraged to seize opportunities to go beyond the limits of the traditional classroom, to extend and distinguish themselves, and to have the opportunity to:
Step into the shoes of an executive to practice management strategies and test responses to ethical dilemmas.
Serve on student consulting teams to develop and present actionable solutions to a client’s real-world business problem.
Participate in career treks, case competitions and immersive global opportunities.
Thriving in the Undergraduate Business Program
Being a student in the UBP is hard work. Balancing leadership expectations with other commitments, responsibilities and general life challenges can create stress that prevents them from performing at their very best.
To help address challenges to personal success and holistic wellness, we offer a variety of individualized services and community resources designed to empower.
Learn more about our
wellness services and resources
.
Your role in the UNC Kenan-Flagler community
As a parent or family member, there are ways for you, too, to become more involved in the Kenan-Flagler community.
Stay Connected
We want you to be involved. Find important University dates on our
calendar
and learn more about our students, programs and faculty. Learn more about the Carolina community in
The Daily Tar Heel
, our student-run editorial.
Give to UNC Kenan-Flagler
It takes considerable resources to offer the kind of expertise and individualized support that we are able to provide in the Undergraduate Business Program. To support us in our effort to provide the best in undergraduate business education, we have a variety of opportunities for parents to positively impact the school through financial donation:
The Fund for Kenan-Flagler
Support the Dean’s top funding priorities and areas of greatest need at the Business School.
BSBA Program
Directly support the Undergraduate Business Program.
Student Support
Impact and enhance the student experience.
Faculty Support
Provide funding and essential resources that ensure our faculty can continue to excel.
Contact Matt Fox
for further information about supporting UNC Kenan-Flagler.
Join the UNC Kenan-Flagler Parents Council
As UNC Kenan-Flagler parents, this is an exciting time for you as well to get involved with the UNC Kenan-Flagler Parents Council.
The UNC Kenan-Flagler Parents Council facilitates engagement with the School in a variety of different ways.
Member benefits
Hear exclusive news and updates directly from the Dean and Undergraduate Business Program Leadership
Learn about a variety of topics from different leaders at the Business School
Communicate with other UNC Kenan-Flagler parents about important news and topics
Help the Undergraduate Business Program with career networking opportunities, strengthening connections with corporations and overall leadership guidance
Offer advice and guidance on important and pressing issues determined by the Undergraduate Program leadership
UNC Kenan-Flagler Parents Council member responsibilities
Attend semi-annual meetings each academic year. The fall meeting coincides with UNC’s Family Weekend and the spring meeting will be held between middle February to late March
Be an ambassador for the School and volunteer for special projects
Give financially to UNC Kenan-Flagler. The recommended giving amount is at the Director’s Giving Level of the Dean’s Circle – $5,000; with the minimum recommended gift amount at the Manager’s Giving Level – $2,000. If you would like to make an even greater impact through your philanthropic support of the School, please contact
Matt Fox
.
Experience UNC Kenan-Flagler
Experience UNC Kenan-Flagler
Virtually attend professor Jessica Christian’s Negotiations class (BUSI 545):
Carolina Family Weekend
UNC Events Calendar
Kenan-Flagler Business School Events Calendar
“As proud Tar Heel graduates, my wife and I have truly enjoyed being involved in the UNC Kenan-Flagler Parents Council and learning about the amazing opportunities at the school. We have two sons in the program and we have enjoyed getting to know Dean Shackelford and the other faculty. After attending the Council meetings, I am extremely impressed by the education my sons are receiving and know they will be prepared to enter the workforce upon graduation."
Contact us.
The Undergraduate Business Program is here to help. Feel free to contact the following units directly with any of your questions.
Undergraduate Business Admissions
Phone:
919-962-0339
Email:
ubpadmissions@kenan-flagler.unc.edu
Undergraduate Business Academics
Phone:
919-962-0339
Email:
ubpacademics@kenan-flagler.unc.edu
Undergraduate Business Career Services
Phone:
919-962-0339
Email:
ubpcareers@kenan-flagler.unc.edu
Undergraduate Business Global Programs
Phone:
919-962-0339
Email:
ubpglobal@kenan-flagler.unc.edu
Alumni & Development
Phone:
919-962-9090
Alumni Email:
kfalum@unc.edu
Development Email:
thefund@kenan-flagler.unc.edu
Related News
View more
Love them or hate them, rankings matter
Alumni and students have important roles in the 16 rankings of UNC Kenan-Flagler’s programs.
In other news: April 2026
We celebrate grants, promotions and grand openings, highlight class visits and share more news from the UNC Kenan-Flagler community.
In other news: March 2026
We recognize our exceptional faculty and staff, celebrate new ventures and share more highlights from the UNC Kenan-Flagler community.