URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business
TITLE: Undergraduate Business | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

Undergraduate Business
A rigorous undergraduate business education with broad career applications
A degree in business is truly one of the most flexible and widely applicable courses of study you can pursue as an undergraduate. With a business degree from UNC Kenan-Flagler, you’ll master essential problem-solving, collaboration, teamwork and analytical skills that will prepare you for success in almost any field — from finance and consulting to commercial, government and non-profit.
Action-based learning
Step into the shoes of an executive to practice management strategies or serve on a student consulting team to develop and present solutions to a client's real business problem.
Learn more
Excellent student outcomes
Network with hundreds of potential employers and land competitive internships and jobs in your industry of choice. Recruiters know that our graduates are achievers who have robust technical knowledge, strong work ethic and excellent team skills.
Learn more
Dynamic, customizable student experience
Join a community that values a participatory, team-oriented and global mindset. Contribute to the distinctive, down-to-earth and collegial culture. Explore and chart the course that makes the most sense for your objectives.
Learn more
Transformational global experiences
Gain valuable insight in a global business environment with immersive, purpose-driven study abroad programs. Practice essential competencies and learn to communicate and function effectively across cultures in one of our 40+ programs.
Learn more
Dedicated business career services team
Benefit from expert coaching in how to leverage your business education to your best advantage, whatever your career objective. Tell us where you want to go and we'll help you get there.
Learn more
Engaged alumni network
Join a worldwide network of more than 42,000 engaged, active and influential business leaders whose careers and accomplishments continually advance the way business is done around the globe.
Learn more
UBP Admissions Information
The Undergraduate Business Program is an application-based program for current UNC students. Application is typically made in the sophomore year.
Learn More
Related News
View more
Love them or hate them, rankings matter
Alumni and students have important roles in the 16 rankings of UNC Kenan-Flagler’s programs.
In other news: April 2026
We celebrate grants, promotions and grand openings, highlight class visits and share more news from the UNC Kenan-Flagler community.
In other news: March 2026
We recognize our exceptional faculty and staff, celebrate new ventures and share more highlights from the UNC Kenan-Flagler community.