URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/career
TITLE: Undergraduate Business Career | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

Career
Your career journey begins here.
Discover the career path that best fits your individual interests and goals. The Undergraduate Business Career Services team will help you define your professional identity, then teach you how to leverage your business degree to land your desired internship and post-graduate job. Along the way, we’ll give you the resources and coaching you need to transform into a top-performing professional, well prepared for long-term career success.
Undergraduate Business post-graduation student outcomes
0
%
Job seekers employed
$
0
Average salary
0
%
Satisfied with job offer​
Student outcomes data is driven by a 95% survey knowledge rate of Class of 2025 business majors.
Start your career journey
Ready to get started? Whether you're in the earliest stages of career exploration or if you've got a pretty good sense of where you're heading, our resources and team are ready to help you make the best moves.
Student Resources
Engaged recruiter network
UNC Kenan-Flagler is a preferred partner for major employers seeking top talent with demonstrated business skills. We maintain strong relationships with our recruiting network and provide a range of opportunities to engage with our growing undergraduate business student population.
Recruiter Resources
Expert, individualized coaching
A UNC Kenan-Flagler business education is the foundation for your professional success in a huge range of industries and sectors, including consulting, marketing, finance, operations, nonprofit, entrepreneurship and more. That’s why individualized support is a critical component of your career journey — we have the expertise to coach you in the best way to present your business background to
any
employer.
Programming for success
Our expertise and connections in business ensure that our programming reflects the latest in employment trends, student interests and feedback from our extensive recruiter network. We continuously develop new resources, activities and events to support our students on their career paths.
The right support for your next step
If you don’t know where to start or have already identified a long-term career goal, if you want targeted support to prepare for an interview or seek in-depth training for every phase of the job search—we’ll help you find your best next steps. We know the career process can feel daunting at times, particularly if you’re just beginning. But that’s why we’re here! Reach out and we’ll help you get started.
Undergraduate Business Career Services
Expert team dedicated exclusively to our students.
Uniquely positioned to help students present and leverage their business skills for success in a wide range of career paths.
Extensive, year-round programming: events, workshops, seminars, treks, resources and activities.
Committed to individual, customized support and coaching for all phases of a student’s professional development.
Welcoming, accessible, inclusive and fun!
Contact for students
Email:
ubpcareers@kenan-flagler.unc.edu
Phone:
919-962-0339
Contact for recruiters
Email:
ubp-recruiting@kenan-flagler.unc.edu
Phone:
919-962-0339
Related News
View more
Love them or hate them, rankings matter
Alumni and students have important roles in the 16 rankings of UNC Kenan-Flagler’s programs.
In other news: February 2026
We launch a new undergraduate career resource, learn why human judgment is still key in a world of AI, and share more highlights from the UNC Kenan-Flagler community.
Embracing change, creating impact
Jason Kilar (ABJM, BSBA ’93) shares lessons in leadership and innovation.