URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/student-experience/student-wellness
TITLE: Student Wellness | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

Student Wellness
Thriving in the Undergraduate Business Program
Being a student in the UBP is hard work. Balancing expectations as a student leader alongside other commitments, responsibilities, and general life challenges can be stressful. This stress can lead to personal habits, behaviors, and outcomes that threaten your ability to perform at your very best.
Students who engage in behaviors that support their wellness:
Transform
distress into eustress (yes, eustress is a real word!), which can provide bursts of energy and improve memory.
Experience
improved learning capabilities, memory, mental and emotional health, and higher levels of sustained energy as a result of practicing good sleep hygiene and engaging in ability-appropriate recommended amounts physical activity.
Elevate
their personal capacity to perform both routine and higher-level tasks by practicing good nutrition habits that replenish their body and brains with good fuel.
Improve
mood and mental health outcomes through engagement in supportive social networks and maintaining a strong sense of community.
Engage
more effectively in their career exploration process through an enhanced ability to introspect and communicate awareness of personal values, strengths, goals and skills.
What is Wellness?
Wellness is a journey and an ongoing, intentional commitment to seek balance across each of the eight dimensions of our wellness: Environmental, Spiritual, Financial, Physical, Emotional, Intellectual, Social and Career. The result of this journey is well-being, or the state of being holistically well.
Environmental Wellness
Environmental Wellness reflects an understanding of the dynamic relationship between you and your environment, both immediate (where you live, learn or work) and extended (your community and our planet).
Spiritual Wellness
Spiritual Wellness requires you to cultivate meaning in your life and find connections to the world outside yourself.
Financial Wellness
Financial Wellness involves an awareness of your current financial position, having the resources to meet your basic needs, and planning for a sound financial future by budgeting, saving, and spending wisely.
Physical Wellness
Physical Wellness encompasses a commitment to engaging in behaviors that promote a healthy lifestyle such as sleeping, eating, and engaging in ability-appropriate recommended amounts of physical activity.
Emotional Wellness
Emotional Wellness reflects an understanding yourself and affords you the ability to effectively and healthily manage and move through the challenges life can bring.
Intellectual Wellness
Intellectual Wellness requires you to open your mind to new ideas and experiences that can shape your personal decisions, group interactions and community engagements.
Social Wellness
Social Wellness enables you to successfully interact with people in our world, and to participate in and feel connected to your community.
Career Wellness
Career Wellness allows you to find fulfillment from your academic and co-curricular experiences, and reflects an ongoing commitment to connect your skills and strengths to your desired career outcomes.
The UBP is here for you.
The UBP is committed to helping you address challenges to your personal success and holistic wellness. The program offers a variety of individualized services and resources designed to empower community members to thrive and flourish across all eight dimensions of wellness.
Whether you’re starting from scratch to develop personal wellness habits or you are looking to take your wellness journey to the next level, our wellness staff is here and ready to help you succeed in the UBP and beyond.
For more information, contact our
Wellness Specialist
.