URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/academics
TITLE: Undergraduate Business Academics | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

Academics
Master skills for long-term success
A degree from the UNC Kenan-Flagler Undergraduate Business Program gives you the skills needed to succeed in whatever career you choose. Our individualized academic and career advising make sure you’re heading in the right direction to achieve your goals.
Both the business major and minor emphasize the complete range of technical and teamwork business essentials most sought by employers:
Analytical and strategic thinking
Problem-solving
Inclusive mindset
Communication
Leadership
Teamwork
Global mindset
Our expertise in business is your competitive advantage.
The Undergraduate Business Program curriculum is a rigorous academic experience designed to develop core skills that have wide-ranging interdisciplinary application.
Hands-on learning
It is vital for you to see how business works, not just in class. You'll have ample opportunity to go beyond the classroom and campus to benefit from hands-on learning.
Global perspective
Seeing what drives business around the world can truly transform the way you see yourself and your place in the global economy. As an integral part of your business degree, we encourage you to find a global learning opportunity that fits your schedule and interests. The Undergraduate Business Program offers extensive scholarship support to help make your program a reality.
Unique learning culture
Though admission to the Undergraduate Business Program is competitive and our students are ambitious, we cultivate a collegial and down-to-earth culture in all our work. This is one reason why employers love hiring our students — when you graduate, you'll not only be a great employee but also a great colleague.
Personal development
Business skills benefit you no matter your career — that means the most important influencer of your path and your success is you. We are invested in your development, not just academically, but as a multi-faceted individual on a unique journey. We're here to help you articulate where you're heading so we can help you get there.
Participation-based courses
In Undergraduate Business courses you collaborate, investigate, analyze and problem-solve in lively groups, engaging in real-world case studies and solving real problems with deep thought and lively debate. No matter your learning style, you’ll find many business courses to be the most challenging, interesting and fun academic experience of your student career.
Diverse student population
The global business world is one of diverse peoples, cultures and identities, and the UBP strives to reflect this diversity in our program. The unique identities of our students make up the most valuable characteristic of the UBP. We aim to have a program in which everyone feels respected, encouraged and emboldened to be confident in who they are and what they want to do.
The UNC business major
Whether you have a clear idea of where you’re heading, or are looking for an academic focus that will prepare you for almost anything, majoring in business at UNC Kenan-Flagler gives you the foundation you need to excel.
Learn More about a Business major
The UNC business minor
Because a solid foundation in business skills can benefit any career, students across UNC add a business minor to their academic journey. Pairing your passion in another field with mastery of business essentials prepares you for success.
Learn More about a business minor
Related News
View more
Love them or hate them, rankings matter
Alumni and students have important roles in the 16 rankings of UNC Kenan-Flagler’s programs.
In other news: April 2026
We celebrate grants, promotions and grand openings, highlight class visits and share more news from the UNC Kenan-Flagler community.
In other news: March 2026
We recognize our exceptional faculty and staff, celebrate new ventures and share more highlights from the UNC Kenan-Flagler community.