URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/global-programs/faqs
TITLE: Undergraduate Business Global Programs FAQs | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

Global Programs FAQs
Exploring business study abroad
This is all new to me. How do I know what to do before studying abroad?
We offer a variety of support to help you prepare and get the most out of your experience. Before you apply, our advisors will help you find the right program for your specific objectives, interests and schedule. Once you are admitted to a business study abroad program, you will have a study abroad advisor who is available for appointments, drop in hours and by email and phone to help with study abroad questions before departure, while you are abroad, and after you return from the program. Partner universities also have an exchange advisor for Kenan-Flagler students. You will complete an online tutorial outlining the study abroad process and will attend a required pre-departure orientation session for your program.
What is the advantage of studying abroad through the business school?
Undergraduate Business Program students may go on any UNC-approved study abroad program. We strongly advise business majors and minors to study abroad on a Kenan-Flagler program in order to connect your global experience to your coursework and professional plans and to ensure that you will receive the credit you need to complete your degree. By studying abroad on a Kenan-Flagler program, you have access to more BUSI course credit and merit-based scholarships, depending on the type of global program you choose. You will also benefit from our UBP Global Programs advising staff, who have the expertise to help you stay on course for your degree requirements and to strategically position your experience abroad when it’s time to find an internship and go on the full-time job market.
What’s the difference in the various program options?
TREBLE
is our flagship global program which spans three semesters and three continents and is a cohort of 54 students from UNC Kenan-Flagler, Singapore Management University and Copenhagen Business School.
Semester abroad
gives students the opportunity to study business from a different perspective at a partner university in Asia, Europe, Oceania, or South America. It is the most cost effective study abroad option. If semester is too long, consider a three to eight week
summer study abroad
program offered through our partner schools.
International internships
are offered overseas and give students the chance to work outside of the United States to increase cross cultural competency and learn international business.
Global Immersion Electives
are faculty led programs consisting of classes in Chapel Hill followed by one week or two week in country experiences offered March and May annually. These programs are excellent ways to get to broaden your network of students at the business school.
What’s the difference between an Exchange and a Direct Enroll program?
Direct Enroll:
These programs allow students to enroll in a host institution abroad, which may be at the same institution as an exchange program, or at another university or study abroad institute.
These programs differ from exchange programs in that they charge varying tuition rates established by the host institution or organization. Onsite support and staff are from the partner institution, not Kenan-Flagler. Direct Enroll programs can be a more affordable option for out-of-state and international degree-seeking students, as the program fees can be less than out-of-state UNC tuition.
Exchange:
On exchange programs, students “trade” places with a student from another institution. This type of program offers the highest level of immersion, allowing you to take classes and participate in activities alongside local and international students and utilize everything the university has to offer.
Students will essentially be treated as a local student at the host university, with onsite support from staff at the partner institution.
Exchange programs are also an affordable option because you cover academic costs by paying UNC tuition and fees rather than paying international tuition and fees – a great benefit for in-state students!
Regardless of the program type, studying abroad, particularly for a semester,
demands a high level of independence, requiring you to be able to deal with ambiguity at times.
Should I study abroad or do an internship?
Our recommendation is to do both. Between admission to the Business School and graduation, there is time to complete an internship and a study abroad program for the semester or summer.
Our summer faculty-led
Global Immersion Electives
are typically very popular because students can study abroad in mid to late May and be back in the United States in time for an internship in the summer.
Planning for business study abroad
When should I study abroad?
Once you are admitted to the Undergraduate Business Program, you can go on a
Kenan-Flagler study abroad program
at any time. The right time for you will be determined by your specific academic and professional objectives, the amount of time you’d like to spend abroad, and the kind of experience you’d like to have.
Meet with a UBP Global Programs advisor to learn more.
Is study abroad affordable? Are scholarships available?
For in-state students, semester exchange programs are the most affordable option because you’ll pay your regular UNC tuition and fees. In places with a low cost of living, as in some Asian countries, studying abroad can be less expensive than a semester in Chapel Hill. The Undergraduate Business Program offers
scholarships
for all of our study abroad programs.
What academic requirements can I meet while studying abroad?
Students satisfy Experiential Education and earn business credit on all Kenan-Flagler programs. See each program page for specific information about academic credit and visit
Global Academic Procedures
for further information.
Do I have to speak a foreign language to study abroad?
All our programs offer curricula taught in English, and some also offer courses taught in the local language of the region where the partner school is based. A limited number of semester exchange programs require students to take either a language course or a BUSI course taught in the local language. Some of those programs also have a language prerequisite (refer to the Academics information in the drop-down menu of each program’s webpage).
What do employers and recruiters think about business study abroad?
Studying business abroad will give you the chance to develop a variety of skills that are highly valued by employers. When you successfully complete a business program abroad, you are able to show a prospective employer that you are adaptable, internationally savvy, have practiced real-world intercultural communication skills and hold firsthand experience in how business is conducted in another country or countries. Our counselors have the expertise to help you position these skills to your advantage when you are applying for internships and full-time jobs.
Can I take courses abroad towards an Area of Emphasis?
All Areas of Emphasis allow for one course taken abroad to be used for the emphasis (three of the nine credit hours). Request a course to count towards your Area of Emphasis when submitting your request to receive business elective credit.
Applying for business study abroad
How do I apply to study business abroad through a Kenan-Flagler program?
Go to the
online study abroad application
, then search for your program by city or country. Kenan-Flagler programs are clearly marked. Different programs have different application requirements; visit the
program page
for more information.
Can I apply to multiple study abroad programs?
Yes. You can indicate if you are interested in more than one program type on the application. You will apply to your first choice program and will have the option to indicate your second and third choices in the event that your first choice is unavailable.
For parents/guardians
What are the benefits of studying abroad?
Students reap significant academic and personal benefits from study abroad. Students who have studied abroad often describe the experience as life-changing and transformative. Our partner universities are chosen for their excellent academic caliber and reputations, so students do not experience a decline in educational quality by going abroad. On a personal level, students gain independence, flexibility, intercultural communication skills, foreign language proficiency, firsthand knowledge of another country’s culture and history, and memories to last a lifetime!
How do employers view study abroad?
According to the findings of a study by the Council for International Educational Exchange titled “Employer Attitudes toward Study Abroad,” after a student’s major or minor, employers look for study abroad experience in potential hires. Longer programs or those with an experiential learning or internship component are particularly valued. Employers recognize the link between study abroad and personal qualities they are looking for, including adaptability, working well under pressure, a non-judgmental attitude and intellectual curiosity.
Where can I find information about the programs?
By clicking on the links above in the navigation menu for TREBLE, semester exchange, summer and international internship programs, and short-term immersions.
What prior planning is involved when considering study abroad?
Our office recommends that students take time to explore program options through our external website, through their business school orientation programming, and through attending events sponsored by the global programs office. Kenan-Flagler study abroad advisors are available to meet with students to refine their program selection.
It is also important that students leave plenty of time to apply for their passports and any immigration visas that may be required as part of their program. Our office provides the necessary documentation that students need to apply for their immigration visa. However, as visa requirements vary greatly, our office is unable to provide any direct guidance on the visa application process.
Is it safe for my child to study abroad?
Security is our top priority for study abroad students. Safety is always a consideration in choosing destinations and each location we offer hosts many visiting students per year without incident. We hold a pre-departure session before students leave to discuss detailed health and safety information, including taking care of their physical and mental health, avoiding unsafe behaviors, consuming alcohol responsibly and more.
How much does it cost? Are scholarships available?
Each program description provides an estimated budget sheet for planning purposes. The Undergraduate Business Program offers some competitive merit-based scholarships for students who submit a completed scholarship application by the deadline. Learn more about funding and financial aid.
Will study abroad delay graduation?
No. Students receive credit towards their Undergraduate Business degree on Kenan-Flagler approved programs and can meet UNC General Education and second major or minor requirements while abroad. Our study abroad advisors work with students individually on the type of credit they receive and how it is applied to their degree.
What do I do if there's an emergency situation?
In case of emergency, contact the UNC Police Department (UNC PD) at +1-919-962-8100 and explain that your child is studying abroad. They have a procedure in place for reaching relevant staff.
Please also notify the student’s Kenan-Flagler study abroad advisor at +1-919-962-0339 after UNC PD has been notified.