URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/global-programs/getting-started
TITLE: Getting Started | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

Getting Started
By participating in a global program, you can experience new places and cultures, make friends from around the world, and gain a global perspective–while earning BUSI credits. Global programs allow you to develop highly-valued skills such as critical thinking, intercultural sensitivity, the ability to deal with ambiguity, adaptability, and problem-solving.
It’s never too early to start planning for a global program! Consider your goals, check out program options, review eligibility requirements, research funding opportunities, and take note of important deadlines.
Steps to going global
Step 1: Identify Your Goals
The best action begins with reflection – why do you want to participate in a global program? Consider your academic, career, and personal goals – how does going global help you achieve your goals?
Is it your dream to be fluent in Spanish? Check out our programs in Spain and Argentina!
Do you want to work in sustainability after graduation? Then maybe Denmark, Finland, or Germany is the place for you!
Are you looking for a short-term option? Look no further than our
GIEs
and
summer study abroad programs
!
Do you want to get hands-on work experience while learning about international business? An
international internship
might be right up your alley!
Whatever your goals are for going global, there is a program for you!
Step 2: Research programs & funding
Review the program pages for more information about academics, housing, costs, and more for the programs in which you’re interested. This information will help you as you determine which programs are going to help you accomplish your goals.
Participating in a global program is an investment but not one that should break the bank. Make sure to research funding opportunities, too.
Scholarships
are available through Kenan-Flagler, as well as
outside the school
.
Financial aid
can also travel with you.
Maintaining your wellness is essential to ensure you have a positive experience abroad. You will find that different countries have different laws and regulations regarding personal health, medications, and vaccines. Consult your healthcare provider,
UNC’s International Travel Clinic
, and the foreign embassy of your host country as part of your research when exploring program fit.
Step 3: Review eligibility and application deadlines
Before you get too far down the road, make sure to review
eligibility requirements and application deadlines
.
Step 4: Meet with a Global Programs advisor
Advising isn’t required, but it certainly helps! You can get answers to your burning global questions, discuss
academics abroad
, and get advice on the application from a
Global programs advisor
.
Global Programs Advisors:
Madeline Allen: Semester Programs
Sherri Carmichael: Summer study abroad programs & TREBLE
Brian Peters: Global Immersion Electives (GIEs), International Internship Programs
Brooke McCready: Academics Abroad/Credit transfer
Kenan-Flagler students can also view a list of past program participants and evaluations here.
Step 5: Apply, enroll, and get ready to go global!
Submit your application by the appropriate deadline. In the application, you’ll select your preferred program, as well as some backup programs. Access the application
here
.
After a few weeks, you’ll receive a global program decision and will have a few days to accept your offer.
Then, check your Kenan-Flagler email for updates from our office and our partner university (not always applicable).
Mark your calendar for upcoming, required pre-departure events.
Other items to consider
Access and Inclusion Abroad
Apply for a passport
Review health and safety information