URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/global-programs/immersion-electives/hungary
TITLE: Hungary | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

Hungary
This Intercultural Teaming and Client Project GIE in Budapest, Hungary will inform your global business knowledge, expose you to issues of leadership, and allow you to gain international project-based experience—as a member of a cross-cultural team—through immersion in the vibrant city of Budapest.
The course design has been recognized as a cutting-edge course offering; you’ll be able to build relationships with Hungarian students, faculty, a client, and each other via a Collaborative Online International Learning course prior to our departure as well as during our in-country immersion. You’ll work with a team of Kenan-Flagler Undergraduate Business Program students and undergraduate business students from
Corvinus University
of Budapest to solve an actual business problem for a Hungarian firm, gaining valuable international project experience and translating your classroom work into real-world practice.
The immersion consists of classes and virtual teamwork with your Corvinus teammates, and cultural experiences shared between UNC Kenan-Flagler and Corvinus students, before traveling to Hungary in March. While in-country, in addition to working and socializing with Corvinus students, you’ll be exploring the city as well as conducting company visits. Additionally, you will consult with a company on project work and present findings to that company during the in-country portion of the program.
On this program, you will have the opportunity to develop high-demand skills such as working in diverse environments, cross-cultural teaming, virtual teamwork, and adaptability, as well as project-based experience in a real international business context. Each activity is designed to inform the project work directly or indirectly.
Hungary offers students a fascinating look at countries still transitioning economically, socially, and politically from a post-war communist state to a democratic free market. It is one of the largest regional economies in the European Union and among the top 100 GDP-performing cities in the world according to GlobalTenders.com.
Budapest is the hub city of Hungary’s business and economy—accounting for 39% of the national income. From a business perspective, the city has strengths in commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment. Corvinus is in Central Budapest, which is along the Danube. Much of this area is classified as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.  Budapest is among the most popular destination cities in all of Europe.
> Jump to program details
Dr. Michael
Meredith
, Management & Corporate Communication Clinical Professor at UNC Kenan-Flagler, will lead this immersion.
“This is the best time to sign up for this type of GIE. Regardless of what industry you are targeting, odds are you will be working with a virtual team to solve similar problems you encounter on the GIE. This is a great no-pressure way to have hands-on experience with owning a recommendation. Finally, this particular GIE is a standout as you walk away with real connections (not just introductions or tours) across the world and a real client experience for your resume.” –
Marek Garcia. Operations Transformation Associate at Grant Thornton LLP, 2018 Hungary GIE participant
Eligibility
Eligibility
Business Major, Business Admin Minor, Real Estate Minor, or Business of Health Minor
GPA Requirement
: None
Language Prerequisite
: None
Class During Program
: None
Language of Instruction
: English
Accessibility Resources
Application Dates
Application Opens:
August 4, 2025
Application Deadline:
October 13, 2025
Application Requirements:
Watch
Global Immersion Electives Logistics Video
Watch
Program-Specific Promotional Video
Submit your application on/by the deadline listed above
Apply Here
Program Information
Program Terms and Dates
Chapel Hill course schedule (Subject to change)
Friday, January 9, 2026: 9:30-11am (Bell 2030)
Friday, January 16, 2026: 9-10:30am (Virtual)
Friday, January 23, 2026: 8-11am (Virtual)
Friday, January 30, 2026: 8-11am (Virtual)
Friday, February 6, 2026: 8-11am (Virtual)
Friday, February 13, 2026: 9:30-11am (Bell 2030)
Friday, February 27, 2026: 8-11am (Bell 1040)
Wrap-Up class: Friday, March 27, 2026: 9-10:30am (Bell G030)
Additional Notes:
This GIE recommends scheduling a weekly meeting with your team to work on your consulting project.
In mid-February, there will be future scheduled virtual meeting with the Hungarian consulting project company.
(This GIE partners with Corvinus University of Budapest. Class times are subject to change pending partnership joint virtual sessions. It is expected you will meet frequently with your Corvinus and UNC consulting team for your consulting project.)
In-country program dates
:
Depart RDU (or airport nearest to home) on Friday, March 13, 2026; Arrive in Budapest, Hungary the morning of Saturday, March 14, 2026
Depart Budapest, Hungary on Saturday, March 21, 2026; Arrive to RDU (or airport nearest to home) on Saturday, March 21, 2026.
Application Requirements
You must be admitted to the UNC Kenan-Flagler Undergraduate Business Program as a business major or minor to apply for this program. Pre-business students, non-business majors and minors, and non-UNC students are not eligible. Admission status will be verified for all applicants.
The following items are required for application to the program.
Essay (written and video)
Resume
Scholarship
Campus Safety/Honor Code
Attest to have watched:
Global Immersion Electives Logistics Video
Program-Specific Promotional Video
Complete application information and instructions can be found on the
Undergraduate Business Global Programs Apply
page. Access the application through the
Undergraduate Business Programs Application Portal
.
Accessibility
If you are registered with the Accessibility Office or if you require certain accommodations to study abroad, please make an appointment with a Kenan-Flagler Global Programs Advisor to discuss your needs.
Academics
Please visit
Global Academic Procedures
for detailed credit and other academic information.
You will be enrolled in a 3.0 credit hour course during Spring semester, earning UNC business elective credit and satisfying the requirements for Experiential Education/High Impact.
Selected participants will be expected to actively contribute and engage in the course from the first session through the end of the program. Missing a class for personal reasons is not excused.
Possible assignments could be a combination of:
Completing a cultural profile
Journaling about cultural, career and academic subjects
Team projects such as podcast broadcasts, storyboarding, infographic creation and presentation, and/or presenting about company visits
Reading responses.
Housing
In Budapest, you will stay in either double or triple occupancy hotel rooms with other program participants.
Program Cost
We suggest you create your study abroad budget using our
budget worksheet
(xlsx) to help you think about your costs on this program:
Populate the figures from the tables below into the left side costs of attendance
Input your financial resources on the right
Your customized budget sheet can help determine your current financial status, and help you understand what additional funding you may need to help make this an affordable program option.
Cashier Billed Expenses*
Expense
Estimated Amount
Tuition & Program Fees
1
$3,700
BCBS Global Solutions Medical Insurance
$19.76
*Cashier Billed Expenses are those charges billed directly to your UNC ConnectCarolina account.
Out of Pocket Estimates**
Expense
Estimated Amount
International Airfare
$1,600
Immigration Visa/Residence Permit
$0 (US Citizens)
Passport Application Renewal
$145
International Cell Phone Plan
2
$100
Personal Expenses
Meals Not Provided by Program
$150
Travel Insurance
$100
Local Transportation Not Provided by Program
$50
Hotel Incidentals (ex. Laundry, Phone)
$25
Total Estimated Expenses:
$5,889.76
Withdrawal Policy:
Once a student accepts their offer to study abroad, the spot will be considered filled and will not be offered to another student. Students who withdraw after accepting an offer must email UBP Global Programs at
ubpglobal@kenan-flagler.unc.edu
stating in full the reasons for the late withdrawal. Students who withdraw from UBP Global administered programs are responsible for non-recoverable costs. Depending on the date of your withdrawal, you may owe a significant portion of the tuition and fees for the program. Your cashier’s account will be assessed an additional charge to cover any/all amounts that Kenan-Flagler UBP Global programs have committed or paid on your behalf and are non-recoverable at the time of withdrawal, such costs may include, housing, meals, transportation, and faculty or staff compensation.
1
Includes accommodations (including breakfast daily and wireless internet), travel as part of the program, venue rental if required, airport transfers, some lunches, and cultural activities as outlined on the itinerary, gratuities for guides, and study abroad administrative fee ($700).
2
Cost of the plan varies depending on individual cell phone provider. The program expects participants to purchase an international phone plan for emergency purposes. Wifi available at the hotel.
**Out of Pocket Estimates are based on the cost of the program, which is determined by combining the average costs our previous students have spent in each of these categories, along with the costs our partner provides to us as their averages. These estimates are subject to change based on exchange rate fluctuations, bank fees, and individual variances in costs of living.
Scholarships & Financial Aid
The Undergraduate Business Program offers both merit and financial-need-based scholarships to support our students who wish to study abroad.
If you are applying for a Kenan-Flagler Global Programs Scholarship, please note that average merit scholarship amounts for this program range between $500-$1000.
If you are applying for a financial-need scholarship, the specific scholarship amount will be determined by supplemental UNC Office of Scholarships and Student Aid information.
Study abroad scholarship applications are embedded in the global program application and award amounts will be communicated with program decisions.
Please visit the
Scholarships and Financial Aid page
to learn more.
Travel Documents
Do you have a valid passport?
If yes, check your passport’s expiration date to ensure that your passport is valid at least 6 months after your program’s scheduled end date. If not, you’ll need to
submit a passport renewal application
.
Do you need to apply for a passport (first time or renew)?
If yes, we recommend that you get started on your passport application right away as you’ll need time to collect documents like your birth certificate to include as part of your application. For complete instructions
click here
.
Will I need
immigration
documents?
U.S. citizens do not need a visa to enter Hungary.
Meet with an Advisor
UBP students can schedule a meeting with the UBP Global Team to learn more about this and other Global Immersion Electives by clicking on the “Schedule Appointment” link below.
Schedule Appointment
Zoom with Shift⇧ + scroll