URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/career/for-recruiters
TITLE: For Undergraduate Business Student Recruiters

For Undergraduate Recruiters
Recruit top talent.
The Undergraduate Business Program is selective and rigorous, but we foster a truly collaborative, participatory and team-based learning culture. Beyond their mastery of business essentials, employers regularly report our students have engaging personalities, great attitudes and easily integrate into teams.
Our talented and diverse undergraduate business students are goal-oriented, well-rounded, globally-minded and ready to drive meaningful change in your organization from their first day on the job. Take a moment to learn more about our program and students in the UNC Kenan-Flagler
Undergraduate Business Overview & Outcomes Guide
(PDF).
Find your best hire.
Establish your recruiting activities.
Post jobs and internships in
Handshake
Sponsor the
Undergraduate Business Symposium
and attend
UNC Career Fairs
for brand exposure (Fall and Spring)
Promote info and networking sessions, interviews and virtual events
Build a UNC
campus relations program
in collaboration with University Career Services (UCS).
Engage with students with co-curricular activities.
Present to students and faculty at industry boot camps or in the classroom
Collaborate directly with the
undergraduate business student clubs
Host a table in UNC Kenan-Flagler’s McColl Building
Explore a deeper partnership with UNC Kenan-Flagler.
Sponsor a
STAR student consulting project
Sponsor a case competition
Share leadership lessons with students and help us build the next generation workforce
Plan your on-campus strategy with Undergraduate Business Program Career Services
Frequently asked questions (FAQ)
How can I learn more about the Undergraduate Business Program and student outcomes?
Our
Undergraduate Business Overview and Outcomes Guide
(PDF) helps you understand more about the quality of our students and program, and inform your recruiting strategy. We will gladly set up a call with you if you’d like to walk through this guide together or learn more. Contact our
Recruitment Services Coordinator
.
How can I post a job/internship at UNC?
University Career Services
(UCS) is the central career office on campus, offering employers the opportunity to connect with all UNC undergraduate students and selected graduate and doctoral in online postings via
Handshake
.  Handshake is a networked platform used for recruiting college students at nearly 400 colleges and universities.
How can I set up an information session and/or select dates for on-campus interviews?
University Career Services (UCS)
uses
Handshake
to manage on-campus recruiting (OCR), allowing all on-campus recruiting logistics to be available online.  If you need to incorporate a room with virtual interviewing capabilities, please make a specific request for technology access when you reserve. For questions about on-campus recruiting contact the
UCS External Relations Team
(919-962-6507).
What types of career fairs target undergraduate students at UNC?
There are multiple on-campus job/internship fairs hosted by
University Career Services
. Each year, UCS offers a Fall Job and Internship Expo, a Spring Job and Internship Expo as well as targeted industry fairs. Information including the schedule and registration costs for campus fairs can be found at
UCS Career Fairs
.
For business-oriented students at UNC, each September UNC Kenan-Flagler Business hosts the
Undergraduate Business Symposium
.  This event provides employers with the unique opportunity to actively participate in the career education, networking and skill development through interactive panels, specialized workshops, and learning opportunities. If you are interested in receiving a sponsorship packet for this event, please
email us
.
What can organizations do to improve the way they work with students who have a disability?
Two simple ways to set clear expectations and enhance communication with students:
Address “accommodations” in the job description that you post in Handshake.
Be explicit your company’s approach to diversity and making accommodations in the hiring process and be clear in your support for accommodations and expected job performance to give potential applicants insights and information about your workplace.
Additionally, below are resources to help you learn more about neurodiversity and programs to support new employees
Ask JAN
, the Job Accommodation Network (JAN) is the leading source of free, expert, and confidential guidance on job accommodations and disability employment issues.
Disability:IN
is the leading nonprofit resource for business disability inclusion worldwide. The
Disability Equality Index (DEI)
, a joint initiative with the
American Association of People with Disabilities
, is a comprehensive benchmarking tool that helps companies build a roadmap of measurable, tangible actions toward disability inclusion and equality.
Neurodiversity in Business (Nib)
is a business-led forum functioning as an industry group for organizations to share industry good practice on ND recruitment, retention, and empowerment The vision is to foster a corporate environment where neurodivergent people are understood and form an invaluable part of the work culture.
Do your students ever travel to on-site visits with employers?
The Undergraduate Business Program collaborates with various student clubs to plan “career treks” (
company site visits
) so students can experience companies in their industry or function of interest. Students on a trek typically visit multiple sites in a metropolitan area (e.g. New York, Charlotte, Atlanta, San Francisco, Raleigh/RTP) in order to maximize their travel time and costs. If you would like your company to be considered for an upcoming career trek, please
email us
.
My organization is in a field that isn't typically associated with business careers— can I still connect with the Undergraduate Business Program?
Yes! The Undergraduate Business Program student population has very diverse career interests, with many of our students seeking careers in areas and industries not traditionally associated with business. We encourage you to post a job and internship, and if your organization has longer-term or high-capacity recruitment needs, contact us to develop a strategic plan.
What are alternative ways to engage with business students (business majors and/or business minors) at UNC?
We are always open to new ideas! If you have thoughts on how you might like to interact with our students, let us know and we will work together to figure out the best approach. Contact our
Recruitment Services Coordinator
to get started.
How can I market my opportunities to Business School students at UNC?
In addition to posting opportunities in
Handshake
, the Undergraduate Business Program’s career staff can help you connect and develop relationships with our undergraduate students depending on your needs, talent strategy, budget and time constraints on campus.  We have listed below several effective recruiting on-campus activities.
“Employer In The Foyer” – Tabling at the Business School:
Employers have found that hosting an information table in the primary “student traffic zone” can be a great way to raise employer brand awareness, have informal conversations and share relevant information.  If you are interested this type of activity, contact our
Recruitment Services Coordinator
.
Career Weekly Newsletter:
Each week, during the school year, the Undergraduate Business Program sends out an electronic newsletter to undergraduate business students. This newsletter highlights job and internship opportunities, on/off campus programs, and professional development opportunities.  If you would like to learn more about promoting your opportunity or event contact our
Recruitment Services Coordinator
.
Student Club Marketing Communications:
We can promote your opportunity to targeted demographics (e.g., career functions or industries, females, underrepresented minorities, etc.) by sharing opportunity or event marketing materials with student leaders of the targeted Student Club. If you are unsure which clubs would be most relevant, contact our
Recruitment Services Coordinator
.
Student Club Engagement:
The Undergraduate Business Program has a variety of student clubs and organizations that focus on a variety of business functions and they are often looking to engage with employers in ways that improve their professional skills and awareness of employment opportunities. You can find a list of UNC Kenan-Flagler student clubs and organizations, along with contact information, at
Student Clubs and Organizations
.
Who can I call to discuss new or alternative ways of connecting with students?
We are always open to new ideas! If you have thoughts on how you might like to interact with our students, let us know and we will work together to figure out the best approach. Contact our
Recruitment Services Coordinator
or phone at 919-962-0339.
How do I recruit MBA or Master of Accounting students, or Alumni, at UNC?
Visit
Recruiters & Companies
to learn more information about recruiting MBA or Master of Accounting students.
To recruit alumni, contact our
Employer Engagement Team
for more information.
More information
To learn more about recruiting undergraduate business students at UNC Kenan-Flagler, download our
Undergraduate Business Overview & Outcomes Guide
(PDF) and visit
University Career Services Employer Services
.
Consult with Undergraduate Business Career Services
We encourage recruiters with long-term needs to reach out to the Undergraduate Business Career Services team:
Email:
ubp-recruiting@kenan-flagler.unc.edu
Phone:
919-962-0339