URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/career/for-students
TITLE: For Undergraduate Business Students | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

For Undergraduate Students
Jumpstart your career.
The Undergraduate Business Career Services team is available to help you in any phase of you career journey, from career exploration straight through accepting your first job. Not sure where to begin? Review the below resources and make an appointment; we'll help point you in the right direction.
Schedule 1:1 career advising appointments
Undergraduate Business students can schedule individual appointments with members of the Career Services team.
(
Login required.
)
Schedule Appointment
Apply for jobs/Review events
Handshake, the campus online portal, includes job and internship postings; and details about on-campus recruiting, career fairs, workshops, employer contact information and more.
View Handshake
Explore Undergraduate Business career resources
Tailored resources and tools to help with every stage of career development, whenever you need them.
(
Login required.
)
Explore Resources
Explore Undergraduate Business career clubs
Student clubs and organizations are a great way to develop social, educational and leadership skills. They bring together students with a shared interest in an industry or function.
Explore Clubs
Learn about the Undergraduate Business Symposium
The Undergraduate Business Symposium is one of the oldest and largest student-run career development events. Symposium connects students, faculty and executives to foster professional development.
More about Symposium
Review the post-graduation student outcomes
Students in the Undergraduate Business Program who take advantage of career resources and take ownership of their career journey get great results.
View Statistics (PDF)
Contact us.
All UNC undergraduate students are able to connect with
University Career Services (UCS)
.  UCS is a full-service career office that offers, among many things: on-campus interviews, career events, career counseling, assessment, and mock interviews.
Email:
ubpcareers@kenan-flagler.unc.edu
Phone:
919-962-0339
Related News
View more
Love them or hate them, rankings matter
Alumni and students have important roles in the 16 rankings of UNC Kenan-Flagler’s programs.
In other news: February 2026
We launch a new undergraduate career resource, learn why human judgment is still key in a world of AI, and share more highlights from the UNC Kenan-Flagler community.
Embracing change, creating impact
Jason Kilar (ABJM, BSBA ’93) shares lessons in leadership and innovation.