URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/global-programs/health-safety
TITLE: Undergraduate Business Global Programs Health &amp; Safety | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

Global Programs Health & Safety
The UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School encourages safe, culturally respectful global travel by our students, faculty and staff. The University has established travel policies and recommendations to help protect members of the UNC community while traveling. Please read the travel information on the
UNC Global website
for further information.
University Policies
Policy Concerning Global Study, Travel, and Research
Travel and Expenses
Emergency Communications
The following information is for faculty, staff and students who experience an emergency while traveling abroad on University business.
Contact
UNC Police
at +1.919.962.8100. Ask UNC Police to contact the Dean of Students on call to find the appropriate resources for assistance. UNC Police will assist you with identifying a human resources administrator or Employee Assistance Program officer who can provide support.
In an emergency, seek appropriate medical care immediately, and then call GeoBlue. International medical insurance coverage must be purchased in advance of travel.
Please contact
GeoBlue
for emergency evacuation and other 24/7 health insurance assistance, or call collect from outside the U.S. at +1.610.254.8771, toll free within the U.S. at 800.257.4823, or email globalhealth@geo-blue.com.
Study, Travel and Research in Countries under Travel Warnings
All student and faculty university-related travel must be registered in the
UNC Global Travel Registry
.
At Carolina, there are many opportunities for international education and research through organized study-abroad programs, more informal educational trips and independent study and research funded in whole or in part through the University. As our global engagement increases, additional risk is inevitable as activities are affected by war, terrorism, political unrest, natural catastrophes and epidemics worldwide. The University endeavors to balance the value of participation in international educational activities against the potential risk to its students and employees of such participation. In balancing these factors, the University relies on information from the
U.S. Department of State and its Travel Warnings
and the
U.S. Centers for Disease Control and its Travel Notices
. Consequently, the University has developed its, which regulates activities in countries for which the Department of State has issued a Travel Warning and countries for which the Centers for Disease Control has issued a Travel Notice.
Visit
the UNC Global website
for additional information.
Travel Health Insurance
As mandated by the University of North Carolina General Administration, all faculty, staff, and students (undergraduate, graduate and professional) traveling abroad in affiliation with the University are required to purchase international health, evacuation, and repatriation insurance, provided by BlueCross BlueShield Global Solutions (formerly GeoBlue). University affiliated travel includes study abroad programs, independent and sponsored research, internships for credit or any other program tied to university sponsorship or academic or practicum credit. The Travel and Study Abroad Insurance Program is available to students, faculty, staff and their families while traveling abroad. In the event of injury or sickness, this program facilitates and pays for medical treatment while in the foreign country.
The following countries require written agreement from the insurance operator prior to travel:
Afghanistan                                                         North Korea
Algeria                                                                  Somalia
Egypt                                                                   South Sudan
Iraq                                                                      Sudan
Libya                                                                    Syria
Niger                                                                    Yemen
Health Insurance for Travel through Study Abroad
Students traveling on a Kenan-Flagler Global Program will be automatically enrolled in and billed for insurance by the Global Programs Office.
Health Insurance for Travel Outside of Study Abroad
All other students, faculty, and staff who need to purchase coverage or obtain additional information should contact Janet Hoernke in Risk Management Services at +1-919-962-6681 or
janet_hoernke@unc.edu
.
The University of North Carolina System has contracted with
BCBSGS
to provide comprehensive coverage at a low cost. Students may purchase coverage for non-University affiliated travel as well, as long as it is in conjunction with an eligible program mentioned above. If non-affiliated travel coverage is desired by students, then the requirement is a minimum of 2 days and a maximum combined total of 30.
Personal and vacation travel coverage for faculty and staff are not eligible under this program. Please contact Janet Hoernke with questions regarding eligibility.
Trip Insurance
Trip insurance is separate from travel health insurance. Trip insurance can provide coverage in situations such as trip cancellations or a need to reschedule. Insurance should be obtainable through your travel agent when you book tickets.
Risk Management
Road Safety
A dangerous and often overlooked risk when traveling abroad is road safety. This is true not only for those operating or riding as a passenger in a motor vehicle but also for pedestrians. This includes the use of motorcycles and similar vehicles for which statistics for injuries and deaths are significant. Helmets may not always be legally required but they are always advised. Additional considerations are international drivers license reciprocity rules, road security, rental vehicles and knowledge of the varying laws, rules and conditions of the road.
Crime
Anyone can be a victim of crime at home or when traveling. Know how to prevent and respond to crimes occurring in another country. Prevention begins at home when you pack. Leave behind items that might make you a target of crime. Learn about local laws and customs. Avoid dangerous and politically charged areas. Have all of your documents in order, both with you and at home; photocopy all personal identification cards, passport and credit cards and travel with one copy, leaving another at home. Make sure you have full travel insurance. In the event of an emergency while traveling abroad on University business, contact the
UNC Police
at +1-919-962-8100.
Illness and Injury
Plan ahead for illnesses that can be prevented. Educate yourself on what types of illnesses are prevalent in the region you will be visiting and what the best methods of prevention are, ranging from immunizations prior to departure to behavioral adaptations upon arrival. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention provides details about
travel abroad and recommended immunizations
. UNC students can access the
UNC International Travel Clinic
for immunizations; faculty and staff should consult with
UNC Department of Environment, Health and Safety
, a family doctor, or a travel clinic such as
Passport Health
. Additionally, take precaution to prevent accidents and injuries and consider following U.S. laws and regulations about safety on the road—such as wearing helmets when biking—and using latex gloves and safety gear during field work.
Terrorism
Students may not travel to a country that has been designated a “red” country in the UNC travel warning system due to ongoing conflicts or political instability.
Natural Disasters
Prior to travel, review the U.S. Department of State’s country reports to determine the area’s susceptibility to natural disasters such as floods, hurricanes, and earthquakes.
Discrimination and Disability Access
You should be aware of the laws and customs of the countries and regions to which you travel. What is considered discrimination in the U.S. may translate differently in other countries, where issues such as gender or sexual orientation may be viewed differently. Trip planners should make this part of travel orientation programs. You should also conduct independent research on these issues. Additionally, if you have a disability, you should conduct research about how you will manage challenges in environments that may not have the same resources found at home.
U.S. Department of State Resources
Travel Warnings
UNC categorizes the risk level of traveling to foreign countries based on U.S. Department of State and/or Centers for Disease Control travel notices. According to those notices and UNC’s subsequent categorization of a country’s risk level, certain conditions or restrictions on university-related travel may apply.
State Department Country Fact Sheets
The State Department provides information on every country in the world, such as the location of the U.S. embassy and any consular offices; whether you need a visa; crime and security information; health and medical conditions; drug penalties and localized hot spots.
Smart Traveler Enrollment Program
(STEP)
If you are planning to travel abroad, register for the State Department’s Smart Traveler Enrollment Program to receive the latest travel warnings, alerts and information about the country where you will be traveling.
Student Travel Information
Visit this State Department site for information specific to students interested in traveling abroad.
Passport Information
Please allow yourself plenty of time—up to six months—before your departure to apply for or renew your passport. General guidance is that your passport must be valid for at least 6 months after your program ends.
A Safe Trip Abroad
The U.S. Department of State provides advice and travel tips for a successful trip abroad from the start
Additional Resources
Traveler Health
A number of U.S. and global institutions maintain information about outbreaks of disease and other issues that may affect health, on a country-by-country basis. For more information on health, including recommended vaccinations, visit:
U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
World Health Organization
The UNC Department of Environmental Health and Safety has
additional resources on travel immunizations
.
The
UNC Internal Medicine Travel Clinic
provides comprehensive consultations about reducing the risk of illness during travel, including immunizations and prescriptions for medication to prevent travel-related illness. Campus Health Services also offers an International Travel Clinic for those UNC community members eligible for CHS services who will be traveling abroad.
Cultural Awareness for UNC Students
The Center for Global Initiatives annually hosts
GO!
, a global orientation on culture and ethics for UNC students.