URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/academics/non-major-business-course-request
TITLE: Undergraduate Business Non-Major Business Course Request | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

Non-Business Student BUSI Course Enrollment
NOTICE: Limited BUSI courses will be released for open enrollment the week prior to the start of the semester (read all details below for specifics).
Guidelines and Regulations
A non-business student is limited to a maximum of one BUSI course per semester.
Over the course of an undergraduate career, non-business majors may enroll in a maximum of five BUSI courses, regardless of the number of credit hours.
Students are only permitted to enroll in one BUSI course per semester. This limit will be enforced to ensure course availability is open to the many students seeking enrollment in a BUSI course.
MOD (1.5 credit) courses are not eligible for non-business student enrollment, unless noted otherwise under the Open Enrollment Details section.
We will be monitoring course rosters and will randomly drop a non-business student from a BUSI course if enrolled in more than one, no notice or questions asked. Once that is done, no accommodations will be made to your schedule. Please be respectful of your peers and allow others the opportunity to enroll in a BUSI course as well.
Be sure to check and resolve any holds or conflict preventing you from successfully enrolling yourself in a BUSI course. We cannot reserve seats and will not accommodate enrollments after the deadline.
We will not be able to accommodate course or section adds/changes, regardless of instructor permission and even if the course has available seats, once the add/drop deadline has passed.
Obtaining instructor permission does not guarantee official enrollment in a course. We strive to offer fair opportunity to all individuals seeking enrollment in a BUSI course.
First-year students are NOT permitted to take upper level BUSI courses regardless of credit hour status.
Failure to adhere to our policies may result in exclusion from a class.
BUSI course OPEN ENROLLMENT details
LIMITED BUSI SEMESTER-LENGTH (3 CREDIT) COURSES WILL RELEASE FOR OPEN ENROLLMENT. ENROLLMENT WILL BE DEPENDENT UPON SEAT AVAILABILITY.
MOD (1.5 credit) Courses
Will NOT be available for open enrollment unless otherwise noted in the exceptions below.
Application or permission-based BUSI courses
Will NOT be available for open enrollment
*Always check the Connect Carolina class notes for additional details or restrictions*
Fall 2026 Open enrollment date: Monday, August 10th, 2026 at 8:30 AM.
Note:
Non-Business students must follow the procedure noted above to enroll in the
one
BUSI course for the Spring semester.
BUSI COURSE EXCEPTIONS TO OPEN ENROLLMENT DATE:
BUSI 286: Personal Finance
For junior and senior non-business students only. This course will not factor into your one BUSI course limit for the semester or five total BUSI course limit.
BUSI 500/500H: Entrepreneurship and Business Planning*
A select number of seats will be available to non-business students once Spring registration opens.
*These courses are exceptions to the open enrollment date.  However, if you are enrolled in any of them, the one-course-per-semester rule still applies.
FAQ
How many courses can I take as a non-Business student?
As a non-business student, you are limited to a maximum of one BUSI course per semester. Throughout your undergraduate career, you may enroll in up to five BUSI courses, regardless of the number of credit hours.
What classes are available for non-major registration?
Non-majors can register for semester-long courses (3 credit hours) that do not require special consent for enrollment.
I see a purple diamond when looking at the class section status for all BUSI courses. Does this mean I won’t be able to enroll in the class?
Starting on open enrollment date, we will begin releasing open seats to non-majors. However, due to ongoing restrictions, a purple diamond will still appear for all BUSI courses. If you’re unsure whether a course is available for non-major registration, please refer to the course notes.
Can I register for a MOD course (1.5 credits) as a non-major?
MOD courses are generally not available for open enrollment. Exceptions include BUSI 597, BUSI 625, and BUSI electives that satisfy requirements for other majors or minors.
Will my enrollment be authorized if I get permission from the professor to join a course that is not available during open enrollment?
No, the non-major enrollment policy will be strictly enforced, regardless of professor approval.
I joined the waitlist for a BUSI course during or after Wave 2. Will my enrollment be processed during Non-Business registration?
If the course has open seats and meets the criteria for non-business enrollment (semester-long courses with no application required), you should be enrolled from the waitlist. However, please ensure there are no holds, time conflicts, or other factors that could prevent your enrollment.
Can I take a BUSI course as a first-year student?
First-year students are NOT permitted to take upper-level BUSI courses, regardless of credit hour status.
I have registered for a BUSI course, but I don’t see it on my Canvas page. Can you help?
To access the Canvas pages for BUSI courses, please visit:
Canvas Discovery – Kenan-Flagler
.