URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/admissions/transfer-students
TITLE: Undergraduate Business Transfer Students | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

Transfer Students
Transfers
Transfer students are an integral and vibrant part of the Carolina community. They bring a wealth of diversity and experience and enhance the overall experience for all students, faculty and staff.
In the UNC Kenan-Flagler Undergraduate Business Program, we understand that transferring is a complex process and have outlined the below policies and guidelines to help you make informed decisions and achieve as smooth a transition as possible.
Application process
Direct Admit Transfer for Business consideration is limited to students entering UNC as a junior (minimum 60 credit hrs.) and having spent two years at another 2- or 4-year institution. Students entering UNC as a sophomore or after one year at university must apply via our internal admissions process. Visit our
Current Student page
for more information on that process.
To apply directly to the business major as a prospective junior transfer student, you must select the Business Administration program type within your UNC transfer application to access the supplemental requirements for business consideration, which includes an additional essay and resume. Applicants will also receive the opportunity to complete a video essay post-application submission.
Applicants are first reviewed by the Office of Undergraduate Admissions (see
University’s requirements for admission
). and successful candidates will then receive a supplemental review by the Undergraduate Business Program based on the following criteria:
Progress and performance in business prerequisites (provided below)
Relevant and impactful engagement outside of the classroom
Motivation for business at Kenan-Flagler, including career focus and alignment with our
core values
Capacity for the business major is limited, and therefore, the admissions process is highly selective. Applicants not admitted directly to the business major may still receive an offer of general admission for the College of Arts & Sciences. Explore the various other business-related
major options offered at Carolina
, including but not limited to Economics, Management & Society, Communications, Physics-Quantitative Finance, and Media & Journalism-Advertising/Public Relations.  We encourage students to keep in mind that all business organizations, including our career clubs, are open to students outside of the major. Non-Business majors also have limited access to
business courses
.
Eligibility
Plan to complete most, if not all, of the following business prerequisites* prior to your first semester at UNC
with the exception of BUSI 100
, which will be a requirement to complete within your first semester at UNC.
Calculus (one of the following transfer equivalencies): MATH 152, MATH 231, or STOR 113
Introduction to Statistics (STOR 155)
Introduction to Economics (ECON 101 or ECON 101H)
Introduction to Business: People, Profit, Planet, & Purpose (BUSI 100)
Transfer or test/placement credit
All transfer credit is approved through UNC’s Office of Undergraduate Admissions. Upon admission, that office will provide you with an initial transfer credit report prior to the enrollment deadline. In the meantime, we suggest using the
placement credit and transfer equivalency tables
along with careful review of the
General Rules for Transfer Credit
. Unfortunately, we cannot provide estimates or guarantees beyond what is provided there.
Please note that transfer students have the option of taking an additional 9th or 10th semester at UNC. This may be necessary depending on how credits transfer over to UNC.
Business Minors
If you are tight on time and do not want to take an additional 9th or 10th semester at UNC, you may want to consider the undergraduate
business minor options
as an alternative to the major. Business minors receive the same benefits as business majors (alumni network, access to our global program opportunities and career development initiatives, etc.), and are highly sought after by recruiters. The business minor application process occurs early in the fall semester and is only open to current students.
FAQ
What is the admit rate for the direct transfer process?
Selectivity is dependent on demand. However, our direct transfer admit-rate ranges from 8-10%.
How can I stand out in the admissions process?
As in our current student admissions review, we value impactful engagement and relevant experience outside of the classroom. We understand and value the fact that “extracurricular engagement” may be unique to the circumstances and backgrounds of a diverse pool of applicants. Therefore, we encourage applicants to seek and highlight all leadership, impact, and relevant experience regardless of whether it is tied to their current institution, place of work, or local community.
What is the best contact for an admissions or application related question?
UNC Admissions
should be your first point of contact for all application related questions, including transcripts and decision status updates. Applicants are welcome to contact our office via
email
for general advice or program-specific information.
Follow Kenan-Flagler on LinkedIn
Learn More Via YouTube Channel
Kenan-Flagler on Facebook
Kenan-Flagler News