URL: https://www.kenan-flagler.unc.edu/programs/undergraduate-business/admissions/future-business-admits
TITLE: Apply to Undergraduate Business | UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School

Future Business Admits
What is a Future Business Admit?
Future Business Admits (FBAs) are first-year Carolina students admitted through the
Assured Enrollment Business pathway at UNC Kenan-Flagler
. This special opportunity allows a select group of students to receive guaranteed admission into the Undergraduate Business Program (UBP) in their sophomore year, provided they complete first-year prerequisites with grades of C or higher. This opportunity is extended during their initial admission to UNC-Chapel Hill and is based on:
An exemplary high school academic record
A strong sense of character and integrity demonstrated through resilience, responsibility and a commitment to making a positive impact in their community or environment
Well-rounded and impactful engagement outside the classroom, which may include extracurricular activities, community involvement or work experience
A demonstrated curiosity about business and related fields, reflected through academic choices, personal initiatives or co-curricular experiences
Starting in their first year at Carolina, the FBA program is designed to create a strong foundation in business, while building a sense of community, confidence and career readiness.
How does the FBA process work?
The FBA experience includes both academic coursework and co-curricular engagement designed to prepare students for a successful transition into the UBP.
During their first year at Carolina,
FBA students receive:
Structured business coursework beginning their first semester at UNC
Small group advising
Career exploration and professional development programming
Community-building events and networking opportunities
A clear academic pathway leading into the UBP core curriculum
Access to a curated offering of global programs, including a tailored UNC Kenan-Flagler faculty-led global program offered exclusively to FBA students during the summer between their first and sophomore years
Upon successfully completing first-year prerequisites and officially joining the UBP in their sophomore,
FBA students receive:
Individualized academic advising
Access to a dedicated business career services team
Opportunities to join 50+ global experience programs
Full access to UBP wellness coaching
The FBA academic experience
During their first two years, FBA students follow an academic pathway that blends foundational business coursework with general education and
Focus Capacity requirements
. They take two FBA-only business courses during their first year and begin UBP core courses as sophomores.
First-year courses (FBA-reserved sections)
FBA students are pre-registered into reserved sections of two required first-year seminars:
BUSI 100 – Introduction to Business: People, Profit, Planet (1.5 credits)
An introduction to business course that integrates a triple bottom line approach of profit, people, planet and the student’s individual purpose.
This course is taught in a large-lecture format.
BUSI 200 – Unlocking Your Leadership Potential (3 credits)
Designed to help students align their personal strengths with career pathways and begin building leadership competencies. Covers leadership, personal growth, innovation and career exploration.
This course is taught in a large-lecture format with recitation sections to foster small group connections among FBAs.
Sophomore-year UBP courses
In their second year, FBA students begin core business coursework alongside the broader UBP community. For a full semester-by-semester view, see our FBA academics roadmap.
FBA Academic Roadmap
* This is an example of an academic plan. Students will work with their academic advisor to create a plan that works for their individual needs and goals.
Undergraduate Business major requirements
Upon entering the UBP in their sophomore year, FBA students continue toward completing the requirements for the business major.
Curriculum
11 core courses (29.5 credits)
6 business electives (18 credits)
5 electives outside of business
Core courses
BUSI 401 Management and Corporate Communication
BUSI 402 Applied Microeconomics for Business
OR
ECON 410 Intermediate Microeconomics
BUSI 403 Operations Management
BUSI 404 Legal and Ethical Environment of Business
BUSI 405 Leading and Managing
BUSI 406 Principles of Marketing
BUSI 407 Financial Accounting and Analysis
BUSI 408 Corporate Finance
BUSI 410 Business Analytical Applications
BUSI 411 Strategic Management
BUSI 412 Corporate Strategy
Electives
Business electives allow students to dive deeper into core-course subject matter, follow specific interests and engage in trending topics in domestic and global business.
Required electives outside of business augment your liberal arts education and provide an opportunity for you to pursue a second major or minor in the College of Arts and Sciences or another professional school.
As a business major, students can enhance their experience by participating in any of our UBP global programs for business credit.
Community, support and co-curricular programming
Peer mentorship and small group cohorts
Each FBA student is placed with an Undergraduate Learning Assistant (ULA) who guides them through BUSI 200, Unlocking Your Leadership Potential, and their second semester. ULAs lead small cohorts of 15-20 students for peer mentorship and support. Every Friday during the second semester, they will have a 50-minute recitation with their ULA.
Events and engagement
FBA students have access to exclusive programming such as:
Professional development treks and panels
Community social events
Wellness programming
40+ UNC Kenan-Flagler clubs open to all UNC students
Exclusive global learning opportunities
Opportunities to connect with faculty, alumni, and peers
Group academic and global advising
Although FBA students will meet with their Thrive advisors for their first-year academic needs, the FBA team will host small group advising sessions for Academics and Global Programs throughout students’ time in the FBA program. As the semesters progress, we will provide more information on upcoming group advising dates.
Contact us
Admissions questions? Email our admissions team at
ubpadmissions@kenan-flagler.unc.edu
Other questions about the FBA program? Email
ubp_fba@kenan-flagler.unc.edu