URL: https://www.evansville.edu/admission/index.cfm
TITLE: Admission - University of Evansville

Introduction
UE is a place where students grow in confidence, gain real-world experience, and make lasting impacts and connections.
Your future starts here – and
it’s full of potential.
Our Application
Submit Your Deposit
You can also apply through the Common App.
GET STARTED
Take the first step toward becoming a Purple Ace! Choose from one of the categories below to start your application.
UNDERGRADUATE
This application is for first-time college students. Choose from our 75+ majors and minors and get ready to pursue your passions.
View our requirements for undergraduate admission
.
Apply Now
TRANSFER
Complete this application if you’re returning to UE, transferring from another institution, or looking to earn a second degree.
Check out our transfer admission details
, and reach out anytime – we’re here to support you every step of the way.
Apply Now
INTERNATIONAL
UE is a second home for students from dozens of countries throughout the world.
Learn more about international admission
at UE, and connect with an international admission counselor to discuss your future on our campus.
Apply Now
GRADUATE
Looking to elevate your education and career plans? Explore our
graduate programs
to learn more about admission requirements and important deadlines.
VIEW PROGRAMS
Schedule your campus visit and explore UE!
Visiting campus is one of the best ways to picture your future as a student at UE. Join us for an on-campus visit or explore our virtual options to see what life is really like here. You’ll see why our active academics, caring culture, and extraordinary experiences make being an Ace truly unforgettable. We’re excited to be part of your journey toward changing lives and changing the world!
Explore Our Visit Opportunities
Watch Our Campus Tour
Majors
98% Career Outcomes
Dual Credit and Online Certificates
Scholarships
Learn More
Have questions about UE? Contact your personal
admission counselor
for more information.
Find Your Counselor
Request More Info
Heather Cook
Rachael Darrett
Wade Fickas
Alli Haley
Cherie Leonhardt
Toma Mallett
Andrew Martin
Kim McDonald
Brandon Schu
Jennifer Troutman
Extraordinary Experiences
Studying abroad opens the door to a world of possibilities. Create a college journey that’s like none other when you spend a semester at Harlaxton, our very own Victorian manor in England, or nearly any country on the map. Extraordinary experiences await, and they’ll stay with you for a lifetime.
Study Abroad
Explore Our Viewbook
There’s a lot to see at UE!
Inside you will discover how our students are living meaningfully in a changing world. Open our viewbook to find out what we can offer you on campus and beyond.
Browse the Viewbook
Viewbook en Español
Apply
Deposit