URL: https://www.evansville.edu/career-center/major-and-career-exploration.cfm
TITLE: Major and Career Exploration - Center for Career Development - University of Evansville

Major and Career Exploration
The career exploration process really begins during your first and second year of college with individualized assistance provided by Center for Career Development and your academic advisor. The first step, self-exploration, is a very important step that should not be rushed through and/or overlooked. The following information will help you begin your exploration process.
TruTalent Personality
TruTalent Personality is an on-line assessment tool designed to help you identify strengths and explore major and career options that fit your personal profile. The assessment is available to all first through senior year students and alumni.
"What Can I Do With This Major?"
"What Can I Do With This Major?" will help you connect majors with career opportunities; it also contains links to additional websites to help you learn about the wide range of opportunities available to you.
Career Decision-Making Process
Taking an active role in your career-decision making process will help you achieve your major/career specific goals.
The Major Discovery Program
A faculty-led initiative, this program is for undeclared students to receive resources and expertise to assist them in 'discovering' an academic path at the University of Evansville. In an ever-changing world, entering UE as an undeclared major is not only a wonderful opportunity, it is a great idea!
i
BACE
This program is "designed to provide arts and science students with educational and hands-on business experiences that will improve their marketability and career success." Learn more about the benefits, requirements and how to participate.
Informational Interview
Informational interviewing is the process of talking with professionals to investigate and gain insight into a specific career field, obtain advice on where you might fit in, and broaden your network of contacts for future reference.