URL: https://www.evansville.edu/majors/clinical-psychology/index.cfm
TITLE: Koch Family Doctor of Psychology in Clinical Psychology Program - University of Evansville

Introduction
Welcome! Clinical Psychology is an exciting career, and at the University of Evansville, we prepare you to become a clinical psychologist who can work effectively with a diverse clientele in many different treatment settings including a state hospital, major medical centers, community mental health clinics, and school systems. We have an on-campus clinic that serves the community, and our PsyD students get hands-on experiences there conducting psychotherapy and assessment. The five-year program includes four years of on-campus classes and one year of clinical internship*.
Students who thrive in our program tend to be those who have a goal of becoming a practicing psychologist. The Koch Family Doctor of Psychology in Clinical Psychology Program follows a scholar-practitioner model, emphasizing the integration of psychological theory, research, and clinical practice. Training is concentrated on the development of competencies, focusing on evidence-based assessment, intervention, and ethical decision-making. Students gain extensive hands-on experience through supervised clinical practica at our on-campus community-based mental health clinic and external placements with the goal of preparing you to work in a variety of mental health settings. The curriculum includes coursework in psychopathology, psychological assessment, psychotherapy techniques, basic science areas, and cultural competence, ensuring graduates are well-equipped to provide professional psychological services that are informed by science.
For Potential Applicants
Policy on Working with Diverse Populations
Student Admissions and Other Data
Did you know?
As a regional hub for healthcare in the state of Indiana, Evansville is a prime location to learn the practice of psychology in a variety of different settings.
In Indiana, there are only 19.6 clinical psychologists per 100,000 people.
The Center for Workforce Studies
The demand for clinical, counseling, and school psychologists in Indiana is projected to grow 18.5 percent over the next five years, much faster than other occupations.
At UE, faculty and staff are committed and fully invested in your education, and our purpose is to help you reach your goal of becoming a clinical psychologist.
* Clinical internship utilizes a national match process, and there is a possibility that a student does not match for their fifth year. In this instance, the student’s graduation would be delayed.
More Information
For additional information about the Koch Family Doctor of Psychology in Clinical Psychology Program, please contact:
Kevin D. Jordan
, PhD, HSPP
Associate Professor and Director of Clinical Psychology
Room 51, Schroeder Family Bldg.
812-488-3350
kj33@evansville.edu
Jordan's
Full Biography
The Koch Family Doctor of Psychology in Clinical Psychology Program has been developed to be consistent with APA accreditation standards. APA permits programs to apply for accreditation once the first cohort has been enrolled and made progress in the program so that an accreditation decision can be made before that cohort graduates from the program. The program has been approved by the Higher Learning Commission.