URL: https://www.evansville.edu/student-financial-services/aces-opportunity-grant.cfm
TITLE: Aces Opportunity Grant - Entering Fall 2026 - Student Financial Services - University of Evansville

Aces Opportunity Grant - Entering Fall 2026
Entering Fall 2023
Entering Fall 2024
Entering Fall 2025
Entering Fall 2026
With the Aces Opportunity Grant, freshmen entering in the Fall of 2026 who meet the following criteria
will not pay any tuition out of pocket
. No special application is needed to be awarded the Aces Opportunity Grant. It will automatically be offered to qualified Indiana students who meet the following criteria:
Have a family adjusted gross income of less than $60,000
AND
Are eligible for Indiana state grant funding
File the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
by April 15, 2026. Must list UE school code by August 1, 2026.
How It Will Work
UE will first combine the student's UE Scholarships, Indiana State Grant Funding, and Federal Grant Funding. Any remaining gap between this combined amount and full-time tuition and full-time fees will be covered through an Aces Opportunity Grant. In this way, UE ensures the student will have no out-of-pocket tuition costs.
Any UE Scholarships
+
Indiana State Grant Funding
+
Federal Grant Funding
+
Aces Opportunity Grant
=
Full-Time Tuition and Full-Time Fees
Apply online
to UE
Receive official notification of admission
File the FAFSA
by April 15, 2026
Renewability Requirements
Maintain
Satisfactory Academic Progress
(SAP)
Annually
submit the FAFSA
by April 15
Meet credit hour requirements for on-time state award
Continue to meet adjusted gross income criteria threshold reported on the FAFSA
For students meeting these requirements, UE will renew the Aces Opportunity Grant for a total of 4 years (8 fall/spring semesters total; excludes summer).
In subsequent years, if a student meets institutional requirements, but no longer meets the income threshold or credit hour requirements for state award, the grant amount offered in year 1 will be awarded.
Due to this program being combined with federal and state grant funding, the University reserves the right to award the year-1 value of the award in future years, should there be significant changes in the federal or state grant programs.