URL: https://www.evansville.edu/transfer/index.cfm
TITLE: Transfer Admission - University of Evansville

Introduction
WHY TRANSFER TO UE?
A campus that cares — and proves it
No matter your classification – transfer, second degree, returning, or nontraditional first-year (freshman) – you’re part of the Aces family. Our faculty and staff are walking alongside you every step of the way.
Small class sizes
Your professors know you by name as well as your goals and career plans.
Real-world experiences from day one
Our students get exposed to their field though research, internships, and hands-on learning. This provides unmatched experience that stands out on a job application.
Transfer scholarships up to $27,000 per year
We reward your hard work. All UE students receive some form of assistance, and you can earn even more with add-on scholarships!
Credits transfer smoothly
We’re generous with transfer credits so the credits you’ve earned will work for you at UE.
Career outcomes that speak for themselves
98 percent of our Class of 2024 graduates were either employed or in graduate school within six months. A UE education sets you apart from the rest, and our Career Development team provides assistance for a smooth transition to the post-grad life.
Resources
How Will My Credits Transfer?
Course Equivalency Guide
Transfer Pathways
Admitted Student Information
Transfer Scholarships and Financial Aid
Cost Calculator
Returning Students
Indiana College Core
Ivy Tech Community College Students
Vincennes University Students
Download our Flyer
Meet Your Admission Counselor
I can’t wait to know YOU!
Over the years at UE, I’ve had the privilege of meeting students from all walks of life. I have to say: those who transfer or choose to start college later bring something truly exceptional to the table. They arrive with purpose, perspective, and a drive that elevates the entire campus community.
It’s a joy to get to know each student and introduce them to the incredible people who make UE such a dynamic and welcoming place — from our dedicated faculty and staff to our passionate students and accomplished alumni. This is a university that doesn’t just support your goals; it helps you expand them.
If you’re exploring your next move or ready to dive in, I’m here to guide you through it. This will be one of the most important decisions you make, and I’ll ensure you have everything you need to feel confident. Let’s connect. UE might just be the place where your next chapter begins — and I’d be honored to help you start it.
Let's Get Started
View our complete list of
steps to apply
as well as
important dates and deadlines
.
SUBMIT YOUR APPLICATION TODAY!
There’s no cost to apply, and you can complete it on our website or through the Common App.
Do this for you!
“The most significant piece of advice I have for incoming transfer students is that it’s okay to change your mind and make the decision to transfer. Sometimes your first choice is not the best fit for you, and that’s okay. I was terrified that transferring schools meant I was “giving up,” but it just meant I had the courage and strength to make a change when I knew I wasn’t happy.”
Hannah Ryan ’25, Psychology alumna and PsyD in Clinical Psychology student
HEAR FROM MORE ACES
Apply Now