URL: https://www.evansville.edu/transfer/profiles.cfm
TITLE: Student and Alumni Profiles - Transfer Admission - University of Evansville

Student and Alumni Profiles
Nursing Major and Non-Traditional First-Year Student
Hope Brothers
My goal is to be a psyc nurse because those patients tend to have higher instances of abuse and neglect, and I want to give them care and hope.
Learn more about Hope Brothers
Cognitive Science and Economics
Erik Goodge
I chose UE because of its size and reputation. I liked the smaller environment and the liberal arts reputation.
Learn more about Erik Goodge
Logistics and Supply Chain Management
Gabe Long
From my first visit I could tell how social that the campus was and feel the sense of belonging and community.
Learn more about Gabe Long
Finance and Accounting Major
Brooke McCorkle
My relationship with all the staff and faculty at UE is just amazing.
Learn more about Brooke McCorkle
Finance
Jillian Miller
I love the tight-knit community and the outstanding school spirit our little school has.
Learn more about Jillian Miller
Civil Engineering and Transfer Student
Weston Miller
UE also gives each student the opportunity to have a personal connection with every professor and fellow student in their major.
Learn more about Weston Miller
Music Therapy Major and Transfer Student
Lindsey Ostria
The faculty, staff, and students have been very supportive of all my goals.
Learn more about Lindsey Ostria
Educational Studies
Antwaun Powell
Don't be afraid to get to know your classmates when you get on campus because everyone will be sailing the same ship as you for the first time.
Learn more about Antwaun Powell
Accounting
Neal Quick
I am grateful for my choice and opportunity to attend UE and can’t wait to see what the future holds.
Learn more about Neal Quick
History
Shane Ranschaert
Starting with my first tour, I immediately felt a connection at UE that I didn’t feel during tours at other schools. It was obvious that the people I met here cared about my story and wanted to help me find something that would fit.
Learn more about Shane Ranschaert
Construction Management
Lilly Roskind
I transferred from a community college in Knoxville, Tennessee, where I was a member of the Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society (PTK). I never realized just how much PTK would shape my future, but it proved to be incredibly valuable. Thanks to my membership, I received a generous scholarship that made my education at UE more affordable and accessible.
Learn more about Lilly Roskind
Psychology with a minor in Social and Human Services
Hannah Ryan
The conversations and discussions that take place in my classes teach me so much beyond the content.
Learn more about Hannah Ryan
Elementary Education
Drew Scheller
If it weren’t for the incredible support from the staff around me, I wouldn’t be where I am today.
Learn more about Drew Scheller
History and Archaeology
Savanah Summerfield
With UE being a small community, it was easy to make friends and connections.
Learn more about Savanah Summerfield
Nursing
Emma Vassy
I’m happy that I transferred to UE. I feel that professors here want us to succeed. There is comradery and a sense of respect for students.
Learn more about Emma Vassy
You’re Next!
What’s your amazing story going to be?
UE’s Transfer and Non-traditional Mentor Group helps ease the transition for new students.
Administration Testimonial – Cherie Leonhardt