URL: https://www.evansville.edu/transfer/faq.cfm
TITLE: Frequently Asked Questions - Transfer Admission - University of Evansville

Frequently Asked Questions
How does UE welcome transfer and non-traditional students into the campus community?
How do I request official transcripts?
How will my classes transfer?
What is the cost to attend UE?
Does UE offer scholarships?
How do I get more information?
How do I arrange a campus visit (in-person or virtually)?
Can I connect with a current student to learn more about UE?
Does UE have articulation agreements?
Do UE and Ivy Tech have a Reverse Transfer Agreement?
What is the MyUE/Student Self Service Portal and how do I access it?
When is the first day of classes?
What about parking on campus?
How do I get my UE Student ID?
What counseling and disability supports are available?
What academic supports are available?
What if I apply but decide to enroll later?
How do I get connected on campus?
How does UE welcome transfer and non-traditional students into the campus community?
We know it can be rough starting at a new school, so students who were once transfers and nontraditional students at UE have come together to ease the transition for new students.  The Mentor group plans outings and get-togethers to build community and help new students feel welcome and supported.  UE also hosts orientation each semester for new students.
How do I request official transcripts?
To complete your application for admission, UE needs official transcripts from all colleges that you have attended. Transcripts must be
OFFICIAL
, meaning sent from your school directly to the UE Office of Admission. Transcripts may be sent in a variety of ways including:.
Emailed to
admission@evansville.edu
through a transcript service such as Parchment at
parchment.com
or the National Student Clearinghouse at
studentclearinghouse.org
.
Mailed via postal mail to the UE Office of Admission at 1800 Lincoln Avenue, Evansville, IN 47722.
How will my classes transfer?
Once you are admitted, we will send you a transfer credit evaluation that shows how many hours will transfer, how many will apply toward graduation, and how many you need to complete your degree. Most courses in which you have earned at least a “C-” will transfer to UE. For more information on UE's
transfer credit policies
, see the Office of the Registrar's webpage.
To aid you in determining transfer credits, please see the following resources:
The
course equivalency guide
provides a list of formerly transferred credits to the University of Evansville. The list is not comprehensive but is representative of course equivalencies at this point.
For quick reference, course equivalency lists are provided for the following colleges:
Ivy Tech Transfer Equivalencies
University of Southern Indiana Transfer Equivalencies
The course equivalency guide and course equivalency lists do not guarantee credit at the University of Evansville and are subject to change without notice.
If you have any questions about credits from other colleges, please contact us at 812-488-2600, or email
academicservices@evansville.edu
.
If you are interested in learning which of your courses will transfer to UE before you apply for admission, transfer credit estimates are available. Please contact the Office of Admission via email at
admission@evansville.edu
and provide the following:
Your name and contact information
UE major of interest
College or university name
Course numbers and course titles
Course description for each course (often found on college webpages or in college catalogs found online)
What is the cost to attend UE?
Tuition, fees, room and board costs
, and a
cost calculator
are available on UE's Student Financial Services webpage. UE is an exceptional value and has received many recognitions and ranking because of it. Our graduates are excelling too; 98 percent were either employed or in graduate school six months following graduation! Read more about
the value
of a UE education.
Does UE offer scholarships?
Yes! Please find
transfer scholarships
on UE's Student Financial Services webpage. Transfer freshmen (students who graduated from high school and attended a college or university the fall semester immediately following high school graduation and transfer to UE for the spring semester) are typically eligible for
freshman academic merit scholarships
. If you were an admitted fall freshman applicant, did not enroll at UE, but decide to transfer for the spring semester, UE will typically honor your original freshman scholarship and financial aid award!
How do I get more information?
Please complete an
interest inquiry form
and include an anticipated semester and year of entry, even if you are not certain. Please also include your student classification (Transfer, Non-Traditional Freshman, Transfer Freshman, Second Degree, Returning). These fields must be entered to ensure you are receiving proper information.
How do I arrange a campus visit (in-person or virtually)?
Participating in a campus tour and meeting with faculty, advisors, admission counselors, and current students is important! We are happy to arrange a visit that meets your needs, whether it's in-person with responsible social distancing measures or virtually via Zoom, we can do it! Please complete the
visit request form
found on our webpage or call the Office of Admission at 812-488-2468.
Can I connect with a current student to learn more about UE?
Absolutely! Sometimes it's nice to talk with a student who has been there and done that. Please contact your admission counselor, Cherie Leonhardt, at
CL29@evansville.edu
to make arrangements for a call or email with a current UE student.
Does UE have articulation agreements?
Yes! To simplify the transfer process, UE has articulation agreements with Ivy Tech Community College and Vincennes University for a variety of programs.
View the list of agreements
in the Registrar area of our website.
Do UE and Ivy Tech have a Reverse Transfer Agreement?
Yes, we do. The University of Evansville and Ivy Tech Community College have partnered to create a statewide reverse transfer agreement for students who have transferred to UE prior to completing their associate degree at Ivy Tech. Once the student has attained 75 or more total credit hours (including the minimum of 15 from Ivy Tech), they will be notified each semester of their potential eligibility for an Ivy Tech associate degree through reverse transfer until they opt in or opt out.
What is the MyUE/Student Self Service Portal and how do I access it?
Admitted students have access to the
MyUE/Student Self-Service
portal. It's your entry to many important functions as a UE student. You can accept your financial aid offer, check your bill, register for classes (after your first semester), and apply for housing and meal plans through the portal. If you are having difficulty accessing the portal, please contact your admission counselor, Cherie Leonhardt, at
cl29@evansville.edu
or 812-488-2141.
When is the first day of classes?
Please see the
academic calendar
for important dates.
What about parking on campus?
Parking permits are distributed to students who are enrolled full-time at no additional cost. You will need to register your vehicle through the MyUE/Student Self-Service portal. Part-time students (less than 12 hours) may purchase a parking tag for $50 per year. Parking tags are purchased in Student Financial Services within Olmsted Administration Hall, room 105.
How do I get my UE Student ID?
You may get your student ID once you are registered for classes during new student orientation or any time afterward at the UE Office of Public Safety. A UE student ID is required to check out library books, utilize the Student Fitness Center, get complimentary tickets to theatre and sporting events, and more.
What counseling and disability supports are available?
UE Counseling Services is staffed by licensed professionals who provide short-term counseling for a variety of needs ranging from anxiety and depression to relationship issues substance misuse and more. Their confidential services are available free of charge. The Office of Disability Services is committed to providing an accessible and supportive environment for students with disabilities and is committed to treating all individuals in a fair and equitable manner. Please see our
Counseling Services webpage
and
Office of Disability Services
webpage for details and contact information.
What academic supports are available?
Your academic and personal success is important to us. At UE, you will find free group tutoring each semester for a host of courses ranging from Accounting to Theatre and more. Academic coaches are available, free of charge, to help guide you to better time management and study skills. The Writing Center is staffed with writing tutors who will advise you on ways to strengthen your writing assignments to help ensure better grades. For more information, see the
Academic Advising
webpage.
What if I apply but decide to enroll later?
If you apply and decide that you would like to defer your admission to a future semester, we are happy to accommodate one deferment. Please notify the Office of Admission ASAP before the original application-designated semester is scheduled to begin.
How do I get connected on campus?
The University of Evansville is the right school for you in terms of involvement. With more than 100 student organizations on campus the University of Evansville's Center for Student Engagement has something for everyone. No matter where your interests lie, you will be assisted in connecting with other students. Whether you are looking to meet other students in your academic field, find friends with similar cultural or religious interests as you, engage in a community service opportunity, or join a fraternity or sorority, the
Center for Student Engagement
can help you find what you're looking for and if it doesn't already exist, they can help you through the simple process of creating your own organization.