URL: https://www.evansville.edu/transfer/returning-students-enrollment-process.cfm
TITLE: Returning Students Enrollment Process - Transfer Admission - University of Evansville

Returning Students Enrollment Process
The University of Evansville welcomes you back!
Here’s some helpful information as you plan your return.
If you return to UE
within
2 semesters of withdrawing or canceling your enrollment, you can work directly with Academic Services/Registrar to register for classes and reconnect with an advisor from your major; no need to reapply for admission. Contact the
Registrar’s Office
for assistance.
If you wish to return to UE after being away for
2 or more full semesters
, please
submit an application for admission
through the Office of Admission; you’ll be classified as a “re-entry” student. Contact the
Office of Admission
if you need assistance along the way.
If you apply for re-entry and attended classes elsewhere after leaving UE, please request OFFICIAL transcripts be sent to the UE Office of Admission; you’ll want to receive transfer credit for the work you’ve done. Please find our
transfer credit equivalency guide
or contact the Office of Admission for a credit estimate if you have questions about what will transfer. If you’re curious about what’s left to complete your degree at UE, contact
Academic Services
to request a degree audit.
After you apply, the Office of Admission will contact three offices, the Dean of Students, Academic Services, Student Financial Services, requesting approval for your return. If you have matters to tend to with these offices such as a disciplinary issue, academic dismissal, or an outstanding balance, it’s recommended that you contact them to resolve the issue so that we may proceed to re-admit you.
UE scholarships are most often re-instated for re-entry students. Contact
Student Financial Services
to understand what you can expect if you return. Remember to file the current year FAFSA and have results sent to UE (code 001795).
Sometimes returning students want to visit campus to talk with faculty in their major, Academic Services, Student Financial Services, and Admissions. Please find a good day and time for your visit through the Office of Admission’s
visit scheduler
. We look forward to hosting you!