URL: https://www.evansville.edu/visit/index.cfm
TITLE: Visit Opportunities - Visit UE - University of Evansville

Visit Opportunities
The University of Evansville has many visit opportunities depending on where you are at in your college search. You can select from the following experiences:
Visit Scholarship
- High school and transfer students could be eligible for our $1,000 Visit Scholarship. Applicable for UE students entering for the first time in the 2026-27 academic year and renewable up to four years for a total of $4,000. To qualify, visit our campus before May 1, 2026 and participate in an individual, in-person guided campus tour and admission counselor session or an in-person group visit day.
Individual Visit
Visiting campus is one of the most important steps during your college search. It allows you to find the school that is right for you. We will customize your campus adventure based on your interests. If you visit during the week, you will have the opportunity to meet with an Admission Counselor, take a campus tour, meet with a faculty member or academic representative, have lunch or coffee, as well as request appointments with our Career Services Department, Honors, and more.  If you visit on one of the  Saturday options, you will have the opportunity to take a campus tour, meet as a group with an Admission Counselor, and during the academic year, have lunch on campus.
Schedule an In-Person Visit
On-Campus Purple Visit Day
Want to see UE for yourself? Visit UE during an on-campus Purple Visit Day where you will be able to take a tour, learn about academics, hear from many UE representatives, current students, and more.
Road Trip 2026
Calling all Admitted High School Seniors - Attend Road Trip 2026 on the weekend of February 20- 22, 2026 and experience college life as a University of Evansville Student!
Learn More about Road Trip!
The College Tour
Watch the UE episode of The College Tour. Learn how UE students develop the courage to take risks and challenge themselves through education and exploration. Whether by creating a ChangeLab course, studying abroad at Harlaxton (our Victorian manor in England), or leaping into the unknown through undergraduate research or cross-disciplinary collaboration, UE students face the future unafraid, and they want to show you how.
Watch the Full Episode
Virtual and Self-Guided Tour
Take a virtual tour of the UE campus! See our buildings, classrooms, labs, library, a dorm room, and more! You can take an online virtual tour or your own self-guided tour on our campus.
Take the Tour