URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/visit/first-year/asd-accessibility
TITLE: Admitted Student Day Accessibility | University of Colorado Boulder

Admitted Student Day Accessibility
Admitted Student Day Accessibility
CU Boulder strives to create experiences that are accessible and accommodate the needs of all of our attendees. If you anticipate needing any type of accommodation or have questions about the physical access provided, please contact Vistor Experience in advance of your visit at
cuvisits@colorado.edu
. If possible, please contact us at least
two weeks
in advance of the event so that the appropriate arrangements can be made.
Accommodations
If you need
communication
or
mobility
accommodations please send an email to
cuvisits@colorado.edu
.
Please know that ASL interpreters can be made available for activities and formal presentations. In addition, projected materials or handouts can be provided in large-print size upon request. Slideshows and handouts can also be provided in digital format in advance of the event, via email or other methods. We have very few wheelchairs that we are able to loan during the day and as such, we recommend bringing your own personal mobility device. If you do not have a device that you can bring with you, you may rent one in your hometown or from a local rental agency.
Find local wheelchair and scooter rental agencies
.
Accessing Buildings
A map of campus buildings, including accessible entrances, can be found online at
colorado.edu/map
.
Parking
ADA accessible parking and drop-off locations are available for individuals with disabilities and those with limited mobility. State-issued disability parking placards are required for access to the handicap-accessible parking spaces. You may view ADA parking and accessible routes on the
campus map
.
For detailed campus parking maps and instructions on the recommended areas to park, you may also visit the
Parking & Transportation Services website
.
Service Animals
The University of Colorado Boulder welcomes guests and their service animals to our campus. Please note, per University policy, pets and emotional support or comfort animals are not allowed in CU buildings, unless a housing accommodation has been approved in advance. However, animals and pets are allowed in outdoor spaces.
Other
If you wish to contact the ADA Compliance office, you can reach them by email at
adacoordinator@colorado.edu
.
Admitted Student Day 2025
You're Registered
Arriving to Campus
Explore Your Options for the Day
Dining Options
Admitted Student Day Accessibility
What's next?
Frequently Asked Questions