URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/process/international/admitted
TITLE: International - Admitted | University of Colorado Boulder

International - Admitted
International - Admitted
See You in Boulder!
Visit CU Boulder
Confirm Now
International Undergraduate Admitted Students
Congratulations on your admission to CU Boulder as an international undergraduate student! Take a moment to celebrate and be proud of yourself—all of your hard work has paid off. Whether you are ready to join the Buff community right away or need to consider your options, learn what comes next in the admission process.
Additional Steps for International Students
Submit Remaining Required Documents
Log in to your
application status page
to check for any missing items, including immigration documentation.
Send Your English Proficiency Scores
If you are admitted to the university, your Form I-20 immigration document cannot be issued until we receive your official results and confirm that you have met the
English proficiency requirement
.
Submit Proof of Financial Support
If you are academically eligible for admission to the university and you need a Form I-20 (for an F-1 visa) or a Form DS-2019 (for a J-1 visa), you must submit evidence of full financial support sufficient for
all first-year expenses
at the University of Colorado Boulder with required documentation before we can finalize your admission and issue any immigration forms.
International Conditional Admission
The University of Colorado Boulder offers conditional admission to international students who meet the academic requirements for admission but need to improve their English language skills before starting an academic degree program. Students who receive conditional admission to the University of Colorado Boulder will be allowed to start their degree program after they have met the requirement for English proficiency.
Below are two ways to meet the English proficiency requirements.
Retake the TOEFL, Duolingo or IELTS
If you have taken one of these tests and your current score does not meet the requirement, you may retake the TOEFL, Duolingo or IELTS in an attempt to meet the requirement. Scores from multiple tests may not be combined. To finalize your admission, an English proficiency score that meets the requirement must be submitted along with proof of funding to the Office of Admissions.
Enroll in the Pathway to CU Program
The Pathway to CU Program is offered through the International English Center. Students take coursework in academic English and participate in workshops, activities and events that help them transition into the university community. Students who choose to enroll in the Pathway to CU Program must successfully complete all levels of the program, or submit the required English language proficiency test scores before beginning their degree program at the university.
Learn More About Pathway to CU
Once You’ve Been Admitted
Accept your offer of admission
Undergraduate international students must accept their offer of admission at CU Boulder and pay a $200 nonrefundable confirmation deposit.
Confirm
Requesting a Term Change
Undergraduate international students can defer their enrollment for up to one year by completing the term change form on the application status page. If you are considering attending CU Boulder during a different entry term, please read through our
Things to Know Before Requesting a Term Change webpage
. You can request to delay your enrollment for up to one year by using the term change form on your status page. Fill out the form with the term to which you would like changed, the reason(s) for the change and what you will be doing during this period. The deadline to request a term change is the first day of class for the original term to which you applied.
Term Change
Decline Admission
If you decide not to attend CU Boulder, log in to your application status page, click the “Accept or decline your offer of admission” form and select “I decline my offer of admission.”
Decline
International Applicant FAQs
Next Steps for Admitted International Students
Activate Your IdentiKey
Your IdentiKey is your key to apply for housing, sign up for New Student Orientation, register for classes and allow you to log in to the student portal (Buff Portal).
Explore Enrichment Programs
Learn about opportunities to take your interests beyond the classroom through study abroad, honors, leadership, service learning, research and other enrichment programs.
Stay on Track & Submit Official Transcripts
Your admission decision is dependent on your final transcripts reflecting similar academic achievement at the time of your admission decision. If you used unofficial transcript(s) for admission purposes, please have the issuing institutions submit your final, official transcript(s) directly to us by mail or email
transcripts@colorado.edu
once they have become available. You will be required to submit official transcripts before you can register for classes and / or financial aid being applied toward your tuition bill.
Please note: Official transcript review can take 3–5 weeks.
Transfer your Credit
Whether you have credit from a college or university, AP, IB, A-Levels, DSST or the military, you’ll need to get all final, official documents sent to the Office of Admissions from your prior institution or the testing agency. Transcript and/or test score
evaluations will be completed by the CU Boulder Office of Admissions within 30 calendar days per Colorado Senate Bill 24-164 (Institution of Higher Education Transparency Requirements). The evaluation will include all courses taken at other institutions and whether or not they were accepted for transfer credit. You will be notified via email when the evaluation is completed. You will need your IdentiKey to access your official transfer credit evaluation in the
Buff Portal
.
Discover Living Experiences
First-year students are required to live on campus their first year. Explore the
three types of living experiences
available to undergraduate students on campus. The housing application will open in early March. Please visit the
housing website
for updates.
Explore Our Admitted Student Visit Experiences
Check out our upcoming in-person events for admitted and confirmed CU Boulder students and their guests, including Admitted Buff Days, Admitted Student Information Session and Tours, and Admitted Student Day.
International Students
International Transfer Credit Evaluations
We offer two types of transfer credit evaluations for international students, both of which are completed after a student has been admitted to CU Boulder.
A
Full Transfer Credit Evaluation
is an in-depth review of all coursework previously completed at recognized colleges and/or universities for applicability toward CU Boulder degree and graduation requirements. To complete a Full Transfer Credit Evaluation for courses taken outside of the United States, we require
full and complete official course descriptions
of each course taken, which should include each course’s specific academic content.  If these course descriptions are not in English, you must provide a
Certified English Translation
(see below for details). It is strongly recommended that you submit full and complete course descriptions with all other required application materials. Information submitted should be a separate PDF for each course and include your full name.
If we do not receive full and complete course descriptions, you will receive a
Preliminary Transfer Credit Evaluation
. This preliminary evaluation is a general review of how course-work previously completed at recognized colleges and/or universities
might
transfer to the University of Colorado Boulder. A Preliminary Credit Evaluation will identify those courses that appear to be academic in nature and are transferable, but will likely not provide information on how those courses will count toward degree completion and/or graduation requirements.
A Special Note on Certified English Translations
If a course description is not in English, you will need to get a literal, certified (or official) English translation. It should not be interpretive. A certified (or official) translation will be different depending on what is considered an official translation in your country. In some countries, official translations are only issued by the school. In other countries, official government translators issue official translations. Some countries do not offer translations through a government network, and the student must find a private translation service to issue the translation. We also suggest that you visit or consult with
your local Education USA office
to see if it offers translations or can refer you to a service.
Students With Disabilities
Once admitted, students who need accommodations from
Center for Disability and Access
can submit documentation of a disability and request an intake with a disability specialist.
Find Your Place in Our Herd
Check out our upcoming events for admitted and confirmed CU Boulder students.
Visit CU Boulder
Undergraduate Admission Information For:
First-Year Applicants
Transfer Applicants
International Applicants
Readmit Applicants
Veteran Applicants
Undocumented Applicants
Connect With Us
CU Boulder counselors are here to help you through the application and answer any questions that may arise during the admission process.
Find Your Counselor
Join Our Communication List
Contact Admissions
Be social.