URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/visit/first-year/explore-your-options-day
TITLE: Explore Your Options for the Day | University of Colorado Boulder

Explore Your Options for the Day
Explore Your Options for the Day
Programming
Time
Agenda
7:30 –
8:15 a.m.
Arrival and Parking
8:30 – 9:30 a.m.
Academic Sessions ​
Learn more about the college/school/program to which you have been admitted.
9:50 – 10:25 a.m.
Student Experience Sessions: Block 1
Choose from over 30 sessions, including, but not limited to: academic enrichment programs, Education Abroad, Pre-Health Track Advising, Living in the Residence Halls, Career Services and Student Employment, Health and Wellness Services, Research Opportunities and so much more.
10:45 – 11:20 a.m.
Student Experience Sessions: Block 2
Choose from over 30 sessions, including, but not limited to: academic enrichment programs, Education Abroad, Pre-Health Track Advising, Living in the Residence Halls, Career Services and Student Employment, Health and Wellness Services, Research Opportunities and so much more.
11:40 a.m. – 12:15 p.m.
Student Experience Sessions: Block 3
Choose from over 30 sessions, including, but not limited to: academic enrichment programs, Education Abroad, Pre-Health Track Advising, Living in the Residence Halls, Career Services and Student Employment, Health and Wellness Services, Research Opportunities and so much more.
12:30 – 4 p.m.
Afternoon Options
Includes academic and information fairs, tours, receptions, residence hall open houses and drop-in hours for offices such as Financial Aid, Registrar and Admissions.
Please note: The agenda is tentative and subject to change.
Academics
You will have the opportunity to meet with faculty and staff from your major and program allowing you to create meaningful connections and allow you to learn more about academic opportunities at CU Boulder.
Tours
Meet current students from various programs by joining one of our many tours of campus: the College of Engineering & Applied Science tour, College of Communication, Media, Design and Information tour, Leeds School of Business tour, general campus tour and so much more!
Residence Life
Admitted Student Day is the only day where all our residence halls open their doors to allow you a look at what living on campus is all about! Meet with current students, residential advisors (RA’s) and hall directors to learn about our communities on-campus.
Keep the email you receive two days before the event titled “Registration Reminder: Admitted Student Day 2026” handy. You will need to show this email to enter residence halls during ASD.
Social Experiences
Throughout your day, you’ll have the opportunity to meet fellow admitted students, and possibly even make a friend or two. You may even meet your future roommate! During Admitted Student Day, we want you to experience life as a CU Boulder student. Share your Admitted Student Day experience by tagging
@FutureBuffs
and use #ASDatCU on Instagram. The best posts will be featured on the channel!
Resources
We call ourselves the Buff family largely because of the support and resources that students have access to on our campus. Speak with CU Boulder experts about financial aid, health and wellness services, academic support and more! Be sure to also stop by the Office of Admissions in the Regent Administrative Center if you’re ready to confirm your offer of admission and become a part of our Buff family!
Tips to Prepare for the Day
Attire: Throughout the day you will be walking around campus. Because we are a large university, we encourage you to wear comfortable walking shoes. Dress casual, and because weather in Boulder can change quickly, we suggest bringing extra layers and sunscreen.
Bring a water bottle and stay hydrated.
Look at the schedule ahead of time to build out your options! We suggest that you “divide and conquer” - choose the sessions that are most interesting to you and send other members of your party to gather information from other sessions. We will email you a complete schedule two days before Admitted Student Day, so that you can start building your experience!
Follow us on social media
@FutureBuffs
.
Explore your dining options and make a plan for the day! Pro-tip: try to choose a dining center other than the Center for Community (C4C). The C4C can get very congested and there are so many options on campus to explore!
Make the Most of Your Time On Campus
Residence Hall Open Houses:
Be our guest from 12:30 – 4 p.m. to experience our residential communities and take a tour of our various residence halls all across campus.
Please refer to your registration reminder email titled “Registration Reminder: Admitted Student Day 2026” to verify what halls you are eligible to live in as a student.
Ride the Buff Bus:
Experience our Buff Bus by traveling to Williams Village or just ride it around campus. You won’t want to miss the opportunity to check out our largest residential community.
Academic & Information Fair:
Chat with faculty, advisors and current students about academic programs and student services from 1 – 3 p.m. in The Rec Center.
Best view of the Flatirons?
Head up the 4th floor of the Center for Academic Success and Engagement, or the 5th floor terrace of the University Memorial Center for an amazing view of the Flatirons!
Explore the Boulder Community
Pearl Street Mall
After your day on campus, enjoy an evening of shopping in one of a kind boutiques and savor Colorado cuisine along the Pearl Street Mall.
Explore Downtown Boulder
!
Boulder Community Events
Check out the
Boulder Community Events Calendar
to see the exciting things happening around Boulder!
CU Boulder Events
CU Boulder hosts free and discounted events for students and community members. Explore the calendar to find activities happening around Admitted Student Day in order to get a better sense of the CU Boulder community.
CU Boulder Attractions
Explore all of the unique attractions and performances on CU Boulder campus.
Admitted Student Day 2025
You're Registered
Arriving to Campus
Explore Your Options for the Day
Dining Options
Admitted Student Day Accessibility
What's next?
Frequently Asked Questions