URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/visit/graduate
TITLE: Graduate Student Events | University of Colorado Boulder

Graduate Student Events
Graduate Student Events
Experience Life at CU Boulder
Explore our graduate student events and experiences to learn all about what it’s like to attend CU Boulder.
We want you to feel confident in your decision to attend CU Boulder. That’s why we offer many events for you to connect with our counselors, have your questions answered and discover what pursuing your advanced education at CU Boulder is all about. Check out our virtual and in-person events for prospective graduate students below.
Ready to learn more about how to apply?
Graduate Admissions
Connect on Social
Facebook
Instagram
Graduate Prospective Student Events
Connect with us virtually.
Virtual Information Session
Join us to see if CU Boulder is the right fit for you! In this virtual information session, a graduate admissions counselor will provide a 30-minutes presentation covering our academic program offerings research opportunities, student life and the city of Boulder. After the presentation, you will be able to ask questions to learn more about being a Grad Buff!
Information Session
Virtual Tour
Explore campus from anywhere in the world. Click through a series of interactive visuals that showcase CU Boulder’s colleges, schools and programs. Immerse yourself in 360-degree views of labs, equipment and community spaces, or delve into campus life and check out outdoor spaces, dining, housing, student resources and services.
Virtual Tour
Virtual Admissions Appointment
Book a 25-minute phone appointment with a CU Boulder graduate admission counselor to learn more about our programs, admission requirements and process, funding and graduate student resources.
Admissions Appointment
Virtual International Series
In these sessions, a member of our international admissions team will provide more information about the admission process for prospective international graduate students.
Virtual International Series
Virtual Application Workshop
Join our graduate admissions team for a 1-hour session dedicated to the graduate application and admission process. Our graduate admission counselors will provide a high-level overview of the admission process for prospective graduate students and answer questions from the audience about applying to CU Boulder.
Virtual Application Workshop
Graduate Information Session and Campus Tours
Join us on campus for a brief information session to learn more about CU Boulder, followed by a 75-90 minute walking tour led by a current graduate student. This information session & tour
will not
cover specific graduate departments/programs and their respective labs or facilities. If you are interested in visiting your department of interest, please
contact them directly
.
Graduate Information Session and Campus Tours
Connect With Us
CU Boulder counselors are here to help you through the application and answer any questions that may arise during the admission process.
Contact Graduate Admissions
Request Graduate Information
Plan Your Visit to Boulder
Getting to Boulder is easy thanks to its convenient location.
Start making your travel plans and exploring things to do in the place we call home.
Plan Your Visit