URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/visit/first-year/boulder-bound-events
TITLE: Boulder-Bound Student Events | University of Colorado Boulder

Boulder-Bound Student Events
Boulder-Bound Student Events
#BoulderBound
Have you been admitted to CU Boulder? Check out our upcoming in-person events for admitted and confirmed CU Boulder students and their guests. We hope to see you on campus this spring!
Know Before You Go
We want to ensure that your visit to CU Boulder is as successful as possible. Please make sure you have a spot secured in an event before making travel arrangements, as we cannot accept drop-ins. If you choose to come to campus without a visit reservation, you are welcome to take advantage of our self-guided tour. Grab a tour map from the Office of Admissions in the Regent Administrative Center or the fourth floor of the Center for Academic Success and Engagement to get started.
What's the Difference Between the Boulder-Bound Events?
Admitted Student Information Session & Tour
We’d love for you to visit our beautiful campus and get a feel for what CU Boulder has to offer.
Who:
Recommended for Future Buffs who have a limited amount of time to spend on campus.
Each student may bring up to two (2) guests. This event is capped at 255 people.
What:
This 4-hour event includes:
Next steps to becoming a Buff, including how to apply for housing, and how orientation works at CU Boulder
Information on Financial Aid and Scholarships
Academic opportunities at CU Boulder
Tour of campus
When:
9:30 a.m.–12:30 p.m. with an option for lunch at the conclusion of the event. Sessions offered select Mondays and Fridays, February through April.
Log in to Register
Admitted Buff Days
Get the most out of your time on campus and joins us for Admitted Buff Days! At Admitted Buff Days, you get all the info you need on what it means to be a Buff. This is an event you don't want to miss!
Who:
Recommended for Future Buffs who want to learn more about CU Boulder and the next steps to become a Buff.
Each student may bring up to two (2) guests. This event is capped at 550 people.
What:
This all-day event includes:
Next steps to becoming a Buff, including how to apply for housing and how orientation works at CU Boulder
Learning more about the college, school or program to which you have been admitted
Lunch on campus
Sessions where you can learn more about programs like Education Abroad, Pre-Health Programs, Career Services and more
A campuswide resource fair where people from a variety of departments answer your questions
When:
8:45 a.m.–3:30 p.m., with optional sessions and tours from 3:30–5 p.m. Program offered select Mondays and Fridays, January through April.
Log in to Register
Admitted Student Day
This daylong, open-house event is a great way to explore all that CU has to offer. With nearly 5,000 people in attendance, you can get a feel for what a big school is like with lots of opportunity for connection with future classmates!
Who:
Recommended for Future Buffs who want to experience campus on a busy day. Each student may bring up to three (3) guests. This event is capped at 5,000 people.
What:
This day long event will include:
An opportunity to visit each residence hall (the only day of the year all residence halls are open for admitted students to visit)
Academic sessions
1:1 appointments with Financial Aid
An information and academic resource fair
Presentations from departments including (but not limited to): Student Employment, Student Involvement, Undergraduate Research Opportunities, Health and Wellness Services, Education Abroad, University Housing, and many more
Campus tours
Departmental open houses
When:
Saturday, April 18, 2026, 8 a.m.–4 p.m.
Log in to Register
FAQs
Are these events for in-state or out-of-state students?
Both! We welcome all admitted students to attend an Admitted Buff Days or an Admitted Student Information Session and Tour, as well as Admitted Student Day.
What is the difference between Admitted Buff Days, Admitted Information Session and Tour and Admitted Student Day?
All three experiences offer students and their guests a chance to learn about academics, student life, involvement, housing and next steps to becoming a Buff. The key differences are the experience length and the size of the event.
Admitted Buff Days is a 7-hour experience recommended for students who have been on campus in the past year. You can bring up to two (2) guests with you. These events are capped at 550 people.
Admitted Student Information Session and Tour is a 4-hour experience recommended for students who have not visited campus in more than a year or for students who have limited time to spend on campus. You can bring up to two (2) guests with you. These events are capped at 255 people.
Admitted Student Day is a daylong experience recommended for all admitted students. You may bring up to three (3) guests with you. This event is capped at 5,000 people.
You can attend either an Admitted Buff Day or an Admitted Student Information Session and Tour. You can also attend Admitted Student Day to get an extra taste of campus life. Choose what best fits your schedule and preference.
Do I need to confirm my intent to enroll at CU Boulder to attend any of these events?
No, these events are for all admitted students. You can attend even if you have not confirmed your intent to enroll.
Can I bring my parents, guests or siblings?
You may bring up to two guests with you to Admitted Buff Days or the Admitted Student Information Session and Tour. We encourage you to bring the two people who will support you the most in your first year of college. For Admitted Student Day, you may bring up to three guests. Keep in mind these events include a lot of walking. We ask that you add guests to your registration so we have an accurate attendance count. Guests may choose any sessions they would like to attend. You do not have to attend the same sessions. In fact, we encourage you to divide and conquer throughout the day to collect as much information as possible.
If I bring a friend who’s also admitted, should we register separately?
Yes, each admitted student should register separately.
Will lunch be provided? What if I have dietary restrictions?
Lunch will be provided for Admitted Buff Days at one of our incredible on-campus dining centers. There are halal, kosher, vegan and vegetarian dietary options, and all options have clear labels with the nine most common allergens. If you need any additional help with food options, the dining staff are always happy to assist.
At our Admitted Student Information Session and Tour events, lunch is optional if you want to stay on campus and dine with us. For Admitted Student Day, we will provide you with a plethora of dining options, so you can choose what works best for you!
I cannot find the confirmation email I received after registering. How can I find it?
Please contact us at
cuvisits@colorado.edu
and we will send another copy of your confirmation.
I booked my flights, hotel and rental car, but the date of my choice is full. Or, this is the only day I can take off from school. Can you squeeze me into the event?
Unfortunately, we are not able to squeeze anyone else into our events or make exceptions. We overfill our events, anticipating no-shows, and we are not able to accept drop-ins. You are welcome to add yourself to the waiting list for the event. If space becomes available, we will notify you via email that you have been added to the event. We are not able to anticipate if/when people may cancel their registration, so we cannot predict whether guests will move from the waiting list into the event. We highly encourage you to register for the event of your choice and make sure your spot is secured before making travel arrangements.
Accommodations
If you, or a member of your party, need mobility or communication accommodations for your visit, please email us at
cuvisits@colorado.edu
. We ask that you please give us at least a one-week notice to work on your reasonable accommodations.
Excuse/Visit Verification
Excuse/visit verification forms are issued only when a student attends a formal experience hosted by the Office of Admissions. This includes in-person formalized experiences as well as virtual experiences run by Admissions. An excuse/verification form may also be issued if a student officially meets with our counselor on duty or Admissions personnel who are able to log the interaction on the student record.