URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/visit/transfer
TITLE: Transfer Student Visit Experiences | University of Colorado Boulder

Transfer Student Visit Experiences
Transfer Student Visit Experiences
Experience Life as a Buff
Explore our transfer visit events or schedule an appointment to learn all about what it’s like to attend CU Boulder.
Located at the base of the Rocky Mountains, CU Boulder’s campus truly inspires—and we want you to experience it for yourself. We offer many ways for you to have your questions answered and explore what going to school at CU Boulder is all about. Whether you are simply looking to connect 1-on-1 with an admissions counselor or you want to embark on an immersive full-day experience complete with a campus tour, our visit experiences will help you make important decisions with confidence. Check out our in-person and virtual visit events and appointments for prospective and admitted transfer students below.
Transfer Appointments
Transfer Events
Transfer Appointments
Connect with us in person or virtually.
Pre-Transfer Advisor Appointments
Learn about CU Boulder degree requirements, discuss the applicability of your transfer credit toward a specific program and identify courses to take that will streamline a future transfer.
Connect With an Advisor
Prospective Transfer Admissions Appointments
These appointments are intended for
prospective transfer students
who want to learn more about CU Boulder and how to apply as a transfer student.
Prospective Appointments
Transfer Applicant Appointments
Transfer Applicant Appointments are for transfer students who have either
applied, been admitted or have confirmed
to CU Boulder. These are intended for transfer students seeking to meet with a transfer admissions representative to address any questions they may have.
Applicant Appointments
Transfer Tracks Appointments
Transfer Tracks Appointments are for
prospective transfer students
who have not yet applied to CU Boulder. You will have three, 30-minute, 1-on-1 virtual appointments with a CU Boulder transfer admissions counselor, transfer credit evaluator and a pre-transfer advisor.
Transfer Tracks Appointments
Transfer Drop-In Counseling
Transfer admissions counselors are available during drop-in Zoom hours for quick, 1-on-1 virtual guidance to help answer your questions—no appointment neccesary.
Drop-In Counseling
Transfer Student Events
Visit us in person or virtually.
Transfer Information Session
An Information Session & Campus Tour provides a great overview of CU Boulder and the Buffalo community. This program includes a general information session which is designed to help answer questions about the undergraduate experience at CU Boulder. Following the information session is a 90-minute to 2-hour, student-led walking tour of campus.
Transfer Information Session
Virtual CU Boulder Transfer Days
Join us
for a virtual CU Boulder Transfer Day! This a great opportunity to hear from campus resources including Admissions, International Admissions, Off-Campus Life, Transfer Credit, Pre-Transfer Advising, Financial Aid, New Student & Family Programs and Veteran & Military Affairs. Learn about your preferred academic program and ask questions of current CU Boulder students.
Register now:
May 12 Registration
Transfer Admitted Student Information Session and Tour
If you are a recently admitted transfer student, we’d love for you to visit our beautiful campus and get a feel for what CU Boulder has to offer.
This in-person visit experience is a great introduction to campus where you will learn about next steps to becoming a Buff, financial aid and scholarships, tour campus and ask questions of representatives from Transfer Admissions, Transfer Credit and/or Financial Aid. There will also be same-day sign-ups to meet with Pre-Transfer Advisors, but please be aware that appointment availability will be limited.
View available dates and register by visiting the "
Visit Experiences" tab
of your
application status page
.
Register Now
Virtual Tour
Explore campus from anywhere in the world. Immerse yourself in 360-degree views that showcase CU Boulder’s colleges, schools and programs. Delve into campus life and check out our epic outdoor spaces.
Undergrad Academics Tour
Student Life Tour
Grad Tour
Connect With Us
CU Boulder counselors are here to help you through the application and answer any questions that may arise during the admission process.
Find Your Counselor
Join Our Communication List
Contact Admissions
Be social.
Plan Your Visit to Boulder
Getting to Boulder is easy thanks to its convenient location.
Start making your travel plans and exploring things to do in the place we call home.
Plan Your Visit
Excuse/Visit Verification
Excuse/visit verification forms are issued only when a student attends a formal experience hosted by the Office of Admissions. This includes in-person formalized experiences as well as virtual experiences run by Admissions. An excuse/verification form may also be issued if a student officially meets with our counselor on duty or Admissions personnel who are able to log the interaction on the student record.