URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/process/undocumented
TITLE: Undocumented Applicants | University of Colorado Boulder

Undocumented Applicants
Undocumented Applicants
Interested in becoming a Buff?
The 2026 applications are now open!
First-Year Application
Transfer Application
Request Undergraduate Information
Who Are Undocumented Applicants?
At CU Boulder, we welcome all students, including undocumented, DACA and ASSET-eligible students. Undocumented students are students who do not have the legal papers required to prove residence, citizenship or work authorization in the United States. People can become undocumented in several ways, including: entering the U.S. without authorization; originally entering the U.S. legally, but immigration documentation is expired; and submitting immigration documentation to continue to remain in the U.S., but it is denied.
Undocumented Student Application Checklist
Step 1: Apply to CU Boulder
First-year applicants apply using the
Common Application
. Transfer applicants apply using the
CU Boulder Transfer Application
. This information is important for determining tuition classification and financial aid eligibility. In the citizenship section, please do the following:
Select your citizenship status: Other (Non-US)
List of citizenship: Select the country
Do you currently hold a valid U.S. Visa? No
Step 2: Submit All Residency Documents
If you completed and submitted the CU Boulder application as instructed above, we will contact you via email to tell you that you
may qualify for in-state tuition under the ASSET bill
. You will need to provide the Office of Admissions with your final, official high school transcript and submit a signed affidavit saying you are currently seeking legal status or will seek it as soon as you are eligible. The affidavit is part of the College Opportunity Fund application and is available on the
College Opportunity Fund Website
. Submit all documents by July 1.
If you have previously submitted a College Opportunity Fund application and identified as a lawful citizen, you will receive instructions on how to submit a corrected paper COF application from a tuition classification officer in the Office of the Registrar. It is important that you take action on all items to complete the process.
Step 3: Apply for College Opportunity Fund (COF) and Submit Affidavit
Follow the instructions on the CU Boulder
registrar’s website
on how to apply for COF, which is a state benefit that reduces the amount of in-state tuition you pay. You will also be able to submit the affidavit mentioned above. Complete the COF affidavit. Click on the “Apply Now” button. Continue with the electronic application and affidavit by filling in your birthdate or clicking on the word “here” to fill out a paper affidavit. If you choose the paper affidavit, please mail it to College Opportunity Fund, 1560 Broadway, Suite 1700, Denver, CO 80202. Submit by July 1.
Step 4: Apply for Financial Aid & Scholarships
Undocumented Colorado resident students, also referred to as ASSET, are eligible for need-based CU Boulder grants, including the First Generation grant.
ASSET students are eligible for any CU scholarship available to Colorado residents unless U.S citizenship is specifically listed as a requirement. Opportunities include CU Boulder Esteemed Scholarships and scholarships offered through the
CU Boulder Scholarship Application
. ASSET students can apply for state and university aid each year beginning Oct. 1 by completing the
ASSET Financial Aid Application
, also referred to as the CASFA.
Private scholarships can supplement awards from CU Boulder. Visit our
scholarship database
for both CU Boulder and private scholarship opportunities.
Step 5: Find resources and support at CU Boulder
Admissions
Aliena Pitts
aliena.pitts@colorado.edu
Financial Aid
Office of Financial Aid
303-492-5091
financialaid@colorado.edu
Registrar
Office of the Registrar
303-492-6970 (option 3)
tuitclass@colorado.edu
What to Do After Submitting Your Application
Check your application status.
After submitting your application, you’ll receive an email with instructions on how to access your
application status page
. The page includes information on what we have received and what you need to do next
Undocumented Applicant FAQs
Students With Disabilities
Once admitted, students who need accommodations from
Center for Disability and Access
can submit documentation of a disability and request an intake with a disability specialist.
4,600+
academic courses
offered across over 160 fields of study
19:1
student-to-faculty ratio
450+
campus and community organizations
take part in the Be Involved Fair
Discover What’s Here
Visit CU Boulder and experience for yourself our spectacular surroundings and the extraordinary opportunities our campus provides. No matter how you’d like to explore—a quick spin around the virtual tour, a campus tour one morning or afternoon, or a whole-day visit experience—just make sure to take some time to discover what it’s like to pursue your passions in our inspiring environment.
Visit CU Boulder
Undergraduate Admission Information For:
First-Year Applicants
Transfer Applicants
International Applicants
Readmit Applicants
Veteran Applicants
Undocumented Applicants
Connect With Us
CU Boulder counselors are here to help you through the application and answer any questions that may arise during the admission process.
Find Your Counselor
Join Our Communication List
Contact Admissions
Be social.