URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/process/transfer/admitted
TITLE: Transfer - Admitted | University of Colorado Boulder

Transfer - Admitted
Transfer - Admitted
See You in Boulder!
Visit CU Boulder
Confirm Now
Transfer Admitted Students
Congratulations on your admission to CU Boulder as a transfer student! Take a moment to celebrate and be proud of yourself—all of your hard work has paid off. Whether you are ready to join the Buff community right away or need to consider your options, learn what comes next in the admission process.
Once You’ve Been Admitted
Accept your offer of admission
Transfer students must log in to the application status page to accept their offer of admission at CU Boulder and pay a $200 nonrefundable confirmation deposit.
Confirm
Requesting a Term Change
If you are considering attending CU Boulder during a different entry term, please read through our
Things to Know Before Requesting a Term Change
webpage. You can request to delay your enrollment for up to one year by using the term change form on your status page. Fill out the form with the term to which you would like changed, the reason(s) for the change and what you will be doing during this period. The deadline to request a term change is the first day of class for the original term to which you applied.
Term Change
Decline Admission
If you decide not to attend CU Boulder, log in to your application status page, click the “Accept or decline your offer of admission” form and select “I decline my offer of admission.”
Decline
Transfer Applicant FAQs
Next Steps for Admitted Transfer Students
Activate Your IdentiKey
Your IdentiKey is your key to sign up for new-student information, register for classes and log in to the student portal (Buff Portal).
Transfer your Credit
Whether you have credit from a college or university, AP, IB, A-Levels, DSST or the military, you’ll need to get all final, official documents sent to the Office of Admissions from your prior institution or the testing agency. Transcript and/or test score
evaluations will be completed by the CU Boulder Office of Admissions within 30 calendar days per Colorado Senate Bill 24-164 (Institution of Higher Education Transparency Requirements). The evaluation will include all courses taken at other institutions and whether or not they were accepted for transfer credit. You will be notified via email when the evaluation is completed. You will need your IdentiKey to access your official transfer credit evaluation in the
Buff Portal
.
Review Your Transfer Credit Evaluation
Once you receive an email notification that your transfer credit evaluation is complete, you may review it by logging in to the
student portal
(Buff Portal).
Please pay attention to see if we are needing additional information including syllabi.
If you're having trouble reading your transfer credit evaluation, watch our
tutorial video
.
Please note: Syllabi review can take 3–5 weeks.
Meet With a Pre-Transfer Advisor
Schedule a pre-transfer advising appointment to discuss the transferability and applicability of your transfer credit, degree requirements, future course planning and more.
Connect With Transfer Students
Join our transfer student
Facebook
group to connect with current and prospective CU Boulder transfer students.
Stay on Track & Submit Official Transcripts
Your admission to CU Boulder depends on your final transcripts reflecting similar academic achievement at the time of your admission decision. If you used unofficial transcripts for admission purposes, please submit your final, official transcripts and documents by mail or email
transcripts@colorado.edu
once they are available. Official transcripts are mailed or sent electronically directly to us by the issuing institution or by the student if the transcript is still in its original sealed envelope. Official transcripts sent via a third party to the student and then uploaded to the application status page are considered unofficial transcripts.
Please note: Official transcript review can take 3–5 weeks.
Students With Disabilities
Once admitted, students who need accommodations from
Center for Disability and Access
can submit documentation of a disability and request an intake with a disability specialist.
Find Your Place in Our Herd
Check out our upcoming events for admitted and confirmed CU Boulder students.
Visit CU Boulder
Undergraduate Admission Information For:
First-Year Applicants
Transfer Applicants
International Applicants
Readmit Applicants
Veteran Applicants
Undocumented Applicants
Connect With Us
CU Boulder counselors are here to help you through the application and answer any questions that may arise during the admission process.
Find Your Counselor
Join Our Communication List
Contact Admissions
Be social.