URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/visit
TITLE: Admissions Visits | University of Colorado Boulder

Admissions Visits
Discover what's here.
Connect with us in-person or virtually. Select your student type for admissions visit options.
First-Year Students
Transfer Students
Graduate Students
Admissions Visits
See for yourself why Boulder is a top-ranked college town in the U.S. Located at the base of the Rocky Mountains, our R1 research university allows you to do what you love in a place you love.
Sign up for an admissions visit experience to understand firsthand what CU Boulder is all about.
Visit Boulder and Experience Life as a Buff
First-Year Students
Learn about applying to CU Boulder and life on campus as a first-year student through virtual and in-person visit experiences.
First-Year Visit Experiences
Transfer Students
Explore events and appointment options designed to help you answer questions about transfer credit, admission criteria, timelines and more.
Transfer Visit Experiences
Graduate Students
Connect with us to explore our graduate program and degree offerings—everything from a graduate certificate to a PhD.
Graduate Virtual Events
Best college town in the U.S.
(Best College Reviews, 2023)
Top 15 public university for entrepreneurship
(U.S. News & World Report, 2024)
Top 50 most beautiful college campuses
(Best College Reviews, 2022)
#1 four-year graduation rate for Colorado public universities
Top 10% best quality college in the U.S.
(College Factual, 2025)
Virtual Tour
Explore campus from anywhere in the world. Immerse yourself in 360-degree views that showcase CU Boulder’s colleges, schools and programs. Delve into campus life and check out our epic outdoor spaces.
Undergrad Academics Tour
Student Life Tour
Grad Tour
Connect With Us
CU Boulder counselors are here to help you apply to CU Boulder and answer any questions that may come up during the admission process.
Undergraduate Information
Contact Undergraduate Admissions
Request Undergraduate Information
Find Your Counselor
Graduate Information
Contact Graduate Admissions
Request Graduate Information
Plan Your Visit to Boulder
Getting to Boulder is easy thanks to its convenient location.
Start making your travel plans and exploring things to do in the place we call home.
Plan Your Visit
Excuse/Visit Verification
Excuse/visit verification forms are issued only when a student attends a formal experience hosted by the Office of Admissions. This includes in-person formalized experiences as well as virtual experiences run by Admissions. An excuse/verification form may also be issued if a student officially meets with our counselor on duty or Admissions personnel who are able to log the interaction on the student record.