URL: https://www.colorado.edu/admissions/cost
TITLE: Cost | University of Colorado Boulder

Cost
Cost
We know that college is an investment. As a CU Boulder undergraduate student, you will gain hands-on experience, a world-class education and the ability to think critically—all qualities that will prepare you to graduate with confidence.
Understand the value of your degree and the costs of your education early in the admission process so you can set yourself up for success.
Tuition Guarantee
The CU Boulder Tuition Guarantee offers undergraduate students four years of fixed tuition, providing you with predictable costs for your time at CU Boulder.
Learn More About the Tuition Guarantee
Funding Your Education
CU Boulder offers a variety of options to fund your education.
We encourage you to apply for any scholarships and financial aid available to you.
If you are a veteran, or a family member of a veteran, visit
CU Boulder Veteran & Military Affairs
for details on federal education benefits.
Estimated Cost
Scholarships & Financial Aid
Typical Expenses
The cost of going to college is more than tuition and fees. Here are typical expenses you should plan for when considering how to pay for college.
Tuition & Fees
Books, Supplies, Course Materials & Equipment
Housing & Food
Personal
Transportation
There are additional costs to consider, including medical expenses, loan fees, study abroad and more. View an explanation of the
cost of attendance
.
Value of Our Education
A college education prepares you to be a lifelong learner, leader and engaged citizen. You’ll gain essential career and life skills, including critical thinking, communication and information literacy so you can thrive in an ever-evolving world.
Top 10%
best quality college in the U.S.
(College Factual, 2025)
88%
of CU Boulder graduates were
employed
, in
grad school
or in
military service
within 6 months of graduation
(CU Boulder Office of Data Analytics, 2025)
Best value
university every year since 2009
(
Forbes
)