URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/process/readmit
TITLE: Readmit Applicants | University of Colorado Boulder

Readmit Applicants
Readmit Applicants
Ready to rejoin CU Boulder?
Readmit Application 2026
Request Undergraduate Information
Who Are Readmit Applicants?
Readmit applicants are students who have been enrolled in a degree-seeking program at CU Boulder but are no longer eligible to register for classes and must reapply. This includes:
Students with a graded semester of work for one or more semesters at CU Boulder, which can include Withdraw grades, and who have been away from CU for more than three semesters.
Students who have been gone less than a year but have an academic or conduct-related suspension.
Students who graduated from CU Boulder and want to return to earn another undergraduate degree.
How to Reapply to CU Boulder
We’re glad you’re interested in rejoining the Buff community! To reapply, you will need to submit the readmit application for admission. Readmit students will not have to pay the application fee.
Apply as an Undergraduate Readmit - 2026
Readmit Application Checklist
Step 1: Determine whether you qualify as a readmit
A readmit applicant is someone who has been enrolled in a degree-seeking program at CU Boulder but is no longer eligible to register for classes and must reapply. If you are a graduate level readmit, please contact your department for instructions on how to apply.
You are eligible as a readmit student if:
You have a graded semester of work for one or more semesters, which can include Withdraw grades, and have been away from CU for more than three semesters.
You have been gone less than a year but have an academic or conduct-related suspension.
You graduated from CU Boulder and want to return to earn another undergraduate degree. You are a readmit regardless of the amount of time that elapsed between when you want to return and your graduation.
You are not considered a readmit if:
You have been admitted to CU Boulder but did not attend, or withdrew early enough in the semester that your transcript does not show course titles or grades.
You have not attended CU Boulder but have attended another University of Colorado campus.
You are eligible to enroll.
If you have questions about whether you are eligible to enroll or whether you must apply as a readmit, please contact the
registrar
or the
admissions office
.
Step 2: Reapply to CU Boulder
If you are not eligible to enroll and need to readmit, create an account and submit the readmit application for admission. Readmit students will not have to pay the application fee.
Apply as an Undergraduate Readmit - 2026
Step 3: Submit Your Transcripts
If you have unofficial or official transcripts for any college-level work completed since your previous attendance at CU Boulder, please have the issuing institution submit them directly to the
Office of Admissions
. You do not need to resubmit transcripts for high school work, college work done before your last attendance at CU Boulder, or any college work done at a University of Colorado campus.
What to Do After Submitting Your Application
Check Your Status
Monitor your email for a notification that your application status page is ready to view and that additional requirements might be listed on your checklist. When your checklist is complete, look for an email informing you of your admission decision.
Confirm Your Enrollment
If admitted, you will need to submit a reply form and confirmation deposit of $200 on your application status page.
Proof of Funding for International Readmits
International F-1 and J-1 students will need to upload updated “proof of funding” visa documents to their reply form before they can submit the deposit and confirm.
Students With Disabilities
Once admitted, students who need accommodations from
Center for Disability and Access
can submit documentation of a disability and request an intake with a disability specialist.
4,600+
academic courses
offered across over 160 fields of study
19:1
student-to-faculty ratio
450+
campus and community organizations
take part in the Be Involved Fair
Discover What’s Here
Visit CU Boulder and experience for yourself our spectacular surroundings and the extraordinary opportunities our campus provides. No matter how you’d like to explore—a quick spin around the virtual tour, a campus tour one morning or afternoon, or a whole-day visit experience—just make sure to take some time to discover what it’s like to pursue your passions in our inspiring environment.
Visit CU Boulder
Undergraduate Admission Information For:
First-Year Applicants
Transfer Applicants
International Applicants
Readmit Applicants
Veteran Applicants
Undocumented Applicants
Connect With Us
CU Boulder counselors are here to help you through the application and answer any questions that may arise during the admission process.
Find Your Counselor
Join Our Communication List
Contact Admissions
Be social.