URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/visit/first-year/virtual-visit-demand
TITLE: Admissions Virtual Visit On-Demand Videos | University of Colorado Boulder

Admissions Virtual Visit On-Demand Videos
Admissions Virtual Visit On-Demand Videos
On-Demand Videos
Watch these pre-recorded videos to learn all about the admission process and student life at CU Boulder.
Looking for more information about how to apply to CU Boulder?
Watch these previously recorded virtual visit sessions, where we cover everything from common application terminology to writing a great college essay. We’re always posting new videos, so check back in to see the new virtual sessions you may have missed.
Planning Your Application
Decoding the College Admissions Process
Learn the basics of the common terms and steps you may encounter as you apply, how they differ by institution, and feel more confident through all the steps needed to apply.
Rising Senior Night
Future First-Year Buffs, learn more about how to apply and specific CU Boulder application updates for the first-year application. We also share some tips and tricks to make applying easier!
Creating the College Essay
Learn more about the importance of the college essay, writing tips, the types of essays and common writing prompts.
Financial Aid at CU Boulder
In this virtual event information session, Financial Aid Advisors provide students and families with an overview of applying for financial aid at CU Boulder.
Applying for Scholarships at CU Boulder
In this virtual event information session, a CU Boulder Scholarship Advisor takes you through the CU Boulder Scholarship Application.
What Should I Major in?
Undecided? This video explores students’ personal interests and experiences, and connects them to the majors available at CU Boulder. This session includes a brief overview of majors, along with information on how to use Career Services and Academic Advising to help you explore our academic offerings.
Student Life & Community
CU Boulder Student Stories
Listen to CU Boulder students share their personal experiences about life on campus.
Living Your Best Buff Life
Learn more about CU Boulder events and traditions, and how you fit in the CU Boulder community.
Living & Creating Community on Campus
Learn more about living on campus. This video includes information about residence hall options, Living Learning Communities and Residential Academic Programs.
Mountains Are Calling - Study in Colorado!
Hear from CU Boulder, Colorado School of Mines, Colorado State University and the University of Denver to learn about the benefits of pursuing a higher education in Colorado. Students ask questions about the admission process and what it’s like to study in Colorado.
Education Abroad
Learn how Education Abroad can fit into your experience as a student at CU Boulder. Our numerous options can fit every budget while keeping you on track to graduate. Studying abroad can be a great opportunity for any student.
Opportunities for Top Scholars
Learn about CU Boulder’s top scholar community and insights into honors and enrichment opportunities on campus.