URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/why-cu-boulder
TITLE: Why CU Boulder | University of Colorado Boulder

Why CU Boulder
Why CU Boulder
Do What You Love in a Place You Love
College should be about you. A place to pursue your passions. To build upon your strengths. A place to chase after your goals and realize your ambition. Because college is all about challenging yourself, making friends and discovering ideas that ignite your imagination. At CU Boulder, you’ll thrive with the freedom to explore—and dream—without constraints.
Located at the base of the Rocky Mountains, our epic environment inspires epic innovations. Here, you’ll learn from renowned faculty, collaborate with peers and contribute to new ideas that will make an impact in your chosen field.
Be part of what’s next. Be Boulder.
Request Undergraduate Information
Request Graduate Information
#1 college town in the U.S.
(Best College Reviews, 2023)
Top 10% best quality college in the U.S.
(College Factual, 2025)
#1 four-year graduation rate for Colorado public universities
Find Your Community
CU Boulder is more than a place. It’s a community of thinkers, learners, leaders and game-changers who thrive on the brink of discovery. It’s the home of scholars who strive to learn, find and create something new—and have fun along the way. CU Boulder’s inclusive culture helps support and prepare future leaders on their journey to become part of the change they want to see. That’s what being a Buff is all about.
The Colorado Creed
Being a Buff means living the Colorado Creed, a social responsibility code students developed in 2003. The Colorado Creed serves as a reminder to:
Act with honor, integrity and accountability in interactions with students, faculty, staff and neighbors
Respect the rights of others and accept our differences
Contribute to the greater good of this community
Colorado Creed
Find Your Path
Preprofessional Programs
Interested in health sciences or law? Our preprofessional programs will help you achieve your educational and professional goals. Get access to valuable resources, take advantage of networking opportunities, and find the support you need to design a pathway toward success.
Preprofessional Study in Health Sciences
Preprofessional Study in Law
Get hands-on experience and develop the skills that matter to you. With more than 4,600 academic courses across over 160 fields of study, CU Boulder empowers you to customize an academic path that is uniquely yours. Our world-class educators will help you cultivate the tools you need to take you wherever you want to go—and beyond.
College of Arts and Sciences
Leeds School of Business
College of Communication, Media, Design and Information
School of Education
College of Engineering and Applied Science
Program in Exploratory Studies
College of Music
Find Your Balance
At CU Boulder, you’re encouraged to nurture your whole self—in and out of the classroom. Find quiet moments in your busy schedule. Connect with others who share your interests. Give back to a cause you’re passionate about.
Involvement and Belonging
Health and Wellness
One of the top 50 most beautiful college campuses in the U.S.
(Best College Reviews, 2022)
Top 3% among world universities
(Academic Ranking of World Universities, 2024)
A top 15 public university for entrepreneurship
(U.S. News & World Report, 2024)