URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/visit/first-year
TITLE: First-Year Student Visit Experiences | University of Colorado Boulder

First-Year Student Visit Experiences
First-Year Student Visit Experiences
Experience Life as a Buff
Explore our first-year visit events and experiences to learn all about what it’s like to attend CU Boulder.
Experience the energy on CU Boulder's campus for yourself! There are many ways for you to connect, get your questions answered and discover how you can create your personal journey at CU Boulder. We offer everything from a general information session to a comprehensive full-day experience to a 1-on-1 conversation with your admissions counselor. Check out our in-person and virtual visit experiences and events for prospective and admitted first-year students below.
Featured Event
#BoulderBound Student Events
Have you been admitted to CU Boulder? Check out our upcoming in-person events for admitted and confirmed CU Boulder students and their guests. We hope to see you on campus this spring!
Learn More
All Prospective Student Events
All Admitted Student Events
Prospective Student Visit Experiences
Filter Prospective Student Events
Filter by event length and format:
All
Group Visits
Ralphie’s Group & Community Visits are campus visits for groups of high school students, sports organizations or local community groups of eight or more people.
Group Visits
Admitted Student Visit Experiences
Filter Admitted Student Events
Filter by event length and format:
All
Virtual Tour
Explore campus from anywhere in the world. Immerse yourself in 360-degree views that showcase CU Boulder’s colleges, schools and programs. Delve into campus life and check out our epic outdoor spaces.
Undergrad Academics Tour
Student Life Tour
Grad Tour
Connect With Us
CU Boulder counselors are here to help you through the application and answer any questions that may arise during the admission process.
Find Your Counselor
Join Our Communication List
Contact Admissions
Be social.
Plan Your Visit to Boulder
Getting to Boulder is easy thanks to its convenient location.
Start making your travel plans and exploring things to do in the place we call home.
Plan Your Visit
Excuse/Visit Verification
Excuse/visit verification forms are issued only when a student attends a formal experience hosted by the Office of Admissions. This includes in-person formalized experiences as well as virtual experiences run by Admissions. An excuse/verification form may also be issued if a student officially meets with our counselor on duty or Admissions personnel who are able to log the interaction on the student record.