URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/process/transfer
TITLE: Transfer Applicants | University of Colorado Boulder

Transfer Applicants
Transfer Applicants
Ready to Apply?
The 2026 transfer application is now open!
Transfer Application
Request Undergraduate Information
Who Are Transfer Applicants?
Transfer applicants have attended another college or university since earning their high school diploma or GED. Transfer applicants are intending to complete a bachelor's degree at CU Boulder.
Transfer Admission Process
Whether you are planning to apply or have already been admitted, find your next step in the admission process for transfer applicants.
Know the Transfer Timeline
As you begin the transfer application process, follow this timeline to stay on track.
Timeline
Understand the Transfer Credit Process
Before you apply, learn how we review transfer applications and process credit for college coursework.
Transfer Credit
Review Transfer Admission Criteria
Find the prerequisite information for your intended college, school or program.
Admission Criteria
Apply for Admission
As you prepare your application, keep in mind these deadlines, requirements and next steps.
Apply
Admitted Students
Congratulations on your admission to CU Boulder! Here’s what comes next in the admission process.
Admitted
Confirm Enrollment
Ready to officially become a Buff? It’s easy to confirm your enrollment.
Confirm
Transfer Applicant FAQs
Transfer Student Visit Experiences
Explore events and appointment options designed to help you answer questions about transfer credit, admission criteria, timelines and more.
Transfer Appointments
Transfer Student Events
Bridge to Bachelor’s Degree Program
If you plan to start your education at a Colorado community college and finish your degree at CU Boulder, the Bridge to Bachelor’s Degree Program might be right for you. Learn about the program requirements, benefits and more.
Bridge to Bachelor's
4,600+
academic courses
offered across over 160 fields of study
19:1
student-to-faculty ratio
450+
campus and community organizations
take part in the Be Involved Fair
Undergraduate Admission Information For:
First-Year Applicants
Transfer Applicants
International Applicants
Readmit Applicants
Veteran Applicants
Undocumented Applicants
Connect With Us
CU Boulder counselors are here to help you through the application and answer any questions that may arise during the admission process.
Find Your Counselor
Join Our Communication List
Contact Admissions
Be social.