URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/process/first-year/apply
TITLE: First-Year - Apply | University of Colorado Boulder

First-Year - Apply
First-Year - Apply
Ready to Apply?
First-year applications are now open!
First-Year Application
Request Undergraduate Information
How to Apply to CU Boulder
We are thrilled that you are considering applying to CU Boulder! As you prepare your application, keep in mind these deadlines, requirements and next steps.
First-Year Application Deadlines
Oct. 1
Spring application deadline
Nov. 15
Fall and summer early action deadline
Jan. 15
Fall and summer regular decision deadline
First-Year Application Checklist
Start Your Application
Required Materials for a Complete Application
1. Application
First-year applicants apply using the
Common Application
.
2. Application fee
The application fee is:
$65 for domestic applicants
$70 for international applicants
Payable online at the time you submit your application or by check or money order (made payable to the University of Colorado) after you submit your application. If submitting a check or money order, include your full legal name and date of birth. We recognize that some students may face financial constraints in paying the application fee.
If you are eligible for an
application fee waiver
you can request one on the Common Application.
3. Essays
Complete the personal essay and a short answer question listed below.
Personal Essay (required, 250–650 words):
Choose one of the seven essays from the Common Application.
Some students have a background, identity, interest, or talent that is so meaningful they believe their application would be incomplete without it. If this sounds like you, then please share your story.
The lessons we take from obstacles we encounter can be fundamental to later success. Recount a time when you faced a challenge, setback, or failure. How did it affect you, and what did you learn from the experience?
Reflect on a time when you questioned or challenged a belief or idea. What prompted your thinking? What was the outcome?
Reflect on something that someone has done for you that has made you happy or thankful in a surprising way. How has this gratitude affected or motivated you?
Discuss an accomplishment, event, or realization that sparked a period of personal growth and a new understanding of yourself or others.
Describe a topic, idea, or concept you find so engaging that it makes you lose all track of time. Why does it captivate you? What or who do you turn to when you want to learn more?
Share an essay on any topic of your choice. It can be one you've already written, one that responds to a different prompt, or one of your own design.
Short Answer Question:
(This short answer must be a different written response from what you provided for the Common Application essay.)
Required question (250 word limit):
What do you hope to study, and why, at CU Boulder? Or if you don't know quite yet, think about your studies so far, extracurricular/after-school activities, jobs, volunteering, future goals or anything else that has shaped your interests.
4. Letter of recommendation
CU Boulder requires one letter of recommendation. Your recommender must send the letter of recommendation. There is an option to add a recommender to the Common App, which will send a request for them to submit their letter, or you can ask your recommender to email your letter to
transcripts@colorado.edu
. Ensure your recommender includes your full legal name and date of birth at the top of all recommendation letters.
5. High school or secondary school transcripts
Transcripts can be official or unofficial. Please submit them directly to CU Boulder from the issuing institution for admission review. You can upload your transcripts to your application status page in the "upload materials" section, mail them or send them to
transcripts@colorado.edu
. CU Boulder will need official documents upon enrollment.
Review International Transcript Requirements
Please note: If you have not graduated and do not plan to graduate from high school, you must request an official copy of your certificate of high school equivalency and official GED, TASC or HiSET scores, plus an official transcript of any high school coursework completed.
Additional Required Materials
College of Music Applicants
Applicants must also complete a College of Music application after their admission application has been submitted, provide a letter of reference and schedule an audition.
Visit the
College of Music website
for more information.
Undocumented Student Applicants
The University of Colorado Boulder is committed to supporting all students, including undocumented, DACA and ASSET-eligible students.
Visit the
Admission Information for Undocumented Students page
for more information.
International Applicants
In addition to our general admission requirements, all international applicants are required to meet a
minimum standard of English proficiency
. International students who do not meet this requirement may still be eligible for conditional admission.
Readmit Applicants
If you were previously enrolled in an undergraduate degree program at CU Boulder and you want to
reapply for a 2026 term,
please visit the
Admission Information for Readmit Students page
for more information.
Optional Materials
1. SAT or ACT score
ACT and SAT scores are not required for first-year students, but you may provide self-reported scores if you would like us to consider them when reviewing your application.
Review First-Year Student FAQs button
2. Transferology account
Transferology
allows you to review which academic courses will transfer to CU Boulder.
Visit our
Transfer Credit page
to learn more about Transferology.
Questions about applying to CU Boulder?
First-Year Applicant FAQs
What to Do After Submitting Your Application
While we process and review your application, regularly check your email and your application's status through your application status page. We will notify you if we need additional information.
Check your application status.
After submitting your application, you’ll receive an email with instructions on how to access your
application status page
. The page includes information on what we have received and what you need to do next.
When will I receive my admission decision?
First-year applicants who submitted and completed their applications by Nov. 15 will receive an admission decision by Feb. 1.
First-year applicants who submitted and completed their applications by Jan. 15 can expect an admission decision by April 1.
First-year applicants applying to the College of Music will not receive an admission decision until after they have auditioned, regardless of when they submitted and completed their admission application.
Apply for financial aid and scholarships.
After you have submitted a complete application for admission, you can apply for
financial aid
and
scholarships
, even if you have not yet been admitted to CU Boulder. Learn about the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
and the
CU Boulder Scholarship Application
.
Admission Support for Students Affected by Recent Natural Disasters
We extend our support to any student who may have been affected by significant natural disasters and disruptions this year.
We understand that such disruptions may make it challenging to submit applications, transcripts and letters of recommendation in time for CU Boulder’s Regular Decision deadline. We will waive the application fee and accept a nonacademic letter of recommendation from someone other than a teacher or high school counselor for students affected by a natural disaster.
To request an application fee waiver code, students should email admissions@colorado.edu with the subject line “Application Fee Waiver Request – Natural Disaster.” The student will receive more information about a fee waiver through email.
Undergraduate Admission Information For:
First-Year Applicants
Transfer Applicants
International Applicants
Readmit Applicants
Veteran Applicants
Undocumented Applicants
Connect With Us
CU Boulder counselors are here to help you through the application and answer any questions that may arise during the admission process.
Find Your Counselor
Join Our Communication List
Contact Admissions
Be social.