URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/process/veteran/admitted
TITLE: Veteran - Admitted | University of Colorado Boulder

Veteran - Admitted
Veteran - Admitted
See You in Boulder!
Visit CU Boulder
Confirm Now
Undergraduate Veteran Admitted Students
You did it! Congratulations on your admission to CU Boulder. Take a moment to celebrate and be proud—your hard work has paid off. Whether you are ready to join the Buff community right away or need to consider your options, learn what comes next in the admission process.
Once You’ve Been Admitted
Confirm Enrollment
Undergraduate veteran students must confirm enrollment at CU Boulder and pay a $200 nonrefundable confirmation deposit.
Please note: The GI Bill does not cover the confirmation deposit.
Confirm
Requesting a Term Change
If you are considering attending CU Boulder during a different entry term, please read through our
Things to Know Before Requesting a Term Change
webpage. You can request to delay your enrollment for up to one year by using the term change form on your status page. Fill out the form with the term to which you would like to change, the reason(s) for the change and what you will be doing during this period. The deadline to request a term change is the first day of class for the original term to which you applied.
Term Change
Decline Admission
If you decide not to attend CU Boulder, log in to your application status page, click "Accept or decline your offer of admission" and select “I decline my offer of admission.”
Decline
Next Steps for Undergraduate Veteran Students
Submit your
Certificate of Eligibility
to the Veteran and Military Affairs office.
Determine whether you
qualify for residency
.
Authorize use of the
College Opportunity Fund
(COF).
Learn More Veteran Student Next Steps
Students With Disabilities
Once admitted, students who need accommodations from
Center for Disability and Access
can submit documentation of a disability and request an intake with a disability specialist.
Find Your Place in Our Herd
Check out our upcoming events for admitted and confirmed CU Boulder students.
Visit CU Boulder
Undergraduate Admission Information For:
First-Year Applicants
Transfer Applicants
International Applicants
Readmit Applicants
Veteran Applicants
Undocumented Applicants
Connect With Us
CU Boulder counselors are here to help you through the application and answer any questions that may arise during the admission process.
Find Your Counselor
Join Our Communication List
Contact Admissions
Be social.