URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/process/first-year/admitted
TITLE: First-Year - Admitted | University of Colorado Boulder

First-Year - Admitted
First-Year - Admitted
See You in Boulder!
Visit CU Boulder
Confirm Now
Congratulations on your admission to CU Boulder as a first-year student! Take a moment to celebrate and be proud of yourself—all of your hard work has paid off. Whether you are ready to join the Buff community right away or need to consider your options, learn what comes next in the admission process.
Once You’ve Been Admitted
Accept your offer of admission
Accept your offer of admission at CU Boulder for the fall term by our confirmation date of May 1 and pay your $200 nonrefundable confirmation deposit.
Confirm
Requesting a Term Change
If you are considering attending CU Boulder during a different entry term, please read through our
Things to Know Before Requesting a Term Change
webpage. You can request to delay your enrollment for up to one year by using the term change form on your status page. Fill out the form with the term to which you would like to change, the reason(s) for the change and what you will be doing during this period. The deadline to request a term change is the first day of class for the original term to which you applied.
Term Change
Decline Admission
If you decide not to attend CU Boulder, log in to your application status page and select “I decline my offer of admission.”
Decline
First-Year Applicant FAQs
Next Steps for Admitted First-Year Students
Activate Your IdentiKey
Your IdentiKey is your key to apply for housing, sign up for New Student Orientation, register for classes and allow you to log in to the student portal (Buff Portal).
Explore Enrichment Programs
Learn about opportunities to take your interests beyond the classroom through study abroad, honors, leadership, service learning, research and other enrichment programs.
Stay on Track & Submit Official Transcripts
Your admission decision is dependent on your final transcripts reflecting similar academic achievement at the time of your admission decision. If you used unofficial transcript(s) for admission purposes, please have the issuing institutions submit your final, official transcript(s) directly to us by mail or email
transcripts@colorado.edu
once they have become available. You will be required to submit official transcripts before you can register for classes and / or financial aid being applied toward your tuition bill.
Please note: Official transcript review can take 3–5 weeks.
Transfer your Credit
Whether you have credit from a college or university, AP, IB, A-Levels, DSST or the military, you’ll need to get all final, official documents sent to the Office of Admissions from your prior institution or the testing agency. Transcript and/or test score
evaluations will be completed by the CU Boulder Office of Admissions within 30 calendar days per Colorado Senate Bill 24-164 (Institution of Higher Education Transparency Requirements). The evaluation will include all courses taken at other institutions and whether or not they were accepted for transfer credit. You will be notified via email when the evaluation is completed. You will need your IdentiKey to access your official transfer credit evaluation in the
Buff Portal
.
Discover Living Experiences
First-year students are required to live on campus their first year. Explore the
three types of living experiences
available to undergraduate students on campus. The housing application will open in early March. Please visit the
housing website
for updates.
Explore Our Admitted Student Visit Experiences
Check out our upcoming in-person events for admitted and confirmed CU Boulder students and their guests, including Admitted Buff Days, Admitted Student Information Session and Tours, and Admitted Student Day.
Students With Disabilities
Once admitted, students who need accommodations from
Center for Disability and Access
can submit documentation of a disability and request an intake with a disability specialist.
Find Your Place in Our Herd
Check out our upcoming events for admitted and confirmed CU Boulder students.
Visit CU Boulder
Undergraduate Admission Information For:
First-Year Applicants
Transfer Applicants
International Applicants
Readmit Applicants
Veteran Applicants
Undocumented Applicants
Connect With Us
CU Boulder counselors are here to help you through the application and answer any questions that may arise during the admission process.
Find Your Counselor
Join Our Communication List
Contact Admissions
Be social.