URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/visit/plan-your-visit
TITLE: Plan Your Visit | University of Colorado Boulder

Plan Your Visit
Plan Your Visit
Visiting Boulder
Streamline your trip to Boulder with these simple travel tips.
Getting to Boulder is easy thanks to its convenient location.
Start making your travel plans and exploring things to do in the place we call home.
Travel Options
Whether you’re a Colorado resident making your first visit to Boulder or you’re flying in from out of state, we’ve got you covered.
By Car
Boulder is:
35 minutes from downtown Denver
1 hour from Fort Collins and Greeley
1 hour and 45 minutes from Colorado Springs
5 hours from Grand Junction
Find Parking Options
Use our
campus map
to help you identify where to park. If you’ve registered for a campus visit, review your confirmation email for your experience's specific parking locations and instructions.
Campus Map
By Plane
Flying in? Visitors should plan to arrive at Denver International Airport. From there, CU Boulder is 45 minutes from the airport by car.
New York to Denver:
4 hours, 30 minutes
Orlando to Denver:
3 hours, 55 minutes
Chicago to Denver:
2 hours, 52 minutes
Los Angeles to Denver:
2 hours, 20 minutes
Dallas to Denver:
2 hours, 8 minutes
By Bus or Shuttle
CU Boulder is an hour away from Denver International Airport via the SkyRide Bus service or a 45-minute bus ride from Denver’s Union Station, which connects to Denver Light Rail trains.
Lodging & Dining
There’s a reason Boulder is known as one of the top college towns in the U.S., and that includes a dynamic dining scene and many lodging options. Check out the
Boulder Convention and Visitors Bureau site
for recommendations.
Discover What's Here
While you’re in town, we recommend checking out some nearby attractions.
In Boulder:
Hike a trail at Chautauqua Park
Grab a bite to eat on The Hill
Find a local souvenir at Pearl Street Mall
Catch a show at Fiske Planetarium
Take an e-bike tour of Boulder
Near Boulder:
Attend a concert at Red Rocks Amphitheatre
(27.7 miles from Boulder)
Explore LoDo Dining & Shopping in Downtown Denver
(26.7 miles from Boulder)
Wander through Rocky Mountain National Park
(45 miles from Boulder)
Hit the Eldora ski slopes
(22 miles from Boulder)
Accommodations
If you, or a member of your party, need mobility or communication accommodations for your visit, please email us at
cuvisits@colorado.edu
. We ask that you please give us at least a one-week notice to work on your reasonable accommodations.
Connect With Us
CU Boulder counselors are here to help you apply to CU Boulder and answer any questions that may come up during the admission process.
Undergraduate Information
Contact Undergraduate Admissions
Request Undergraduate Information
Find Your Counselor
Graduate Information
Contact Graduate Admissions
Request Graduate Information
Excuse/Visit Verification
Excuse/visit verification forms are issued only when a student attends a formal experience hosted by the Office of Admissions. This includes in-person formalized experiences as well as virtual experiences run by Admissions. An excuse/verification form may also be issued if a student officially meets with our counselor on duty or Admissions personnel who are able to log the interaction on the student record.