URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/visit/first-year/dining-options
TITLE: Dining Options | University of Colorado Boulder

Dining Options
Dining Options
Students living on-campus select a meal plan while completing the on-campus housing application. We want you to experience our dining options before moving to campus, so we recommend you plan ahead & decide what dining experience you would like to have while attending Admitted Student Day.
Below you'll find dining options that will be available to our guests. The week of the event, you will receive a registration reminder email that will have more instructions and information regarding dining options at Admitted Student Day.
Enjoy lunch at the stadium!
Grab your lunch at the concession stands near gate 7 at Folsom Field, and enjoy lunch in the stands with great views of the field and the flatirons. Options include: pizza (gluten-free crust available upon request), chicken tenders, hot dogs, chips, salads, snack items and non-alcoholic beverages. Prices range from $4 to $14, available from 11 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. Also, keep an eye out for Chip, our mascot and get a picture with him!
Purchase Meal Cards
Admitted Student Day is a great time to experience our campus-wide dining options. Meal cards may be pre-purchased through the
CU Online Store
. Please understand that lunch in our facilities will be a very busy time and pre-purchasing your meal card will help expedite your entrance into the dining operations.
Guests will receive an email confirmation which will serve as your meal card for you and your guest’s entrance, so please have this email handy to show our staff for entrance into the dining center on the day of the event.
Please note
that presale Village Center Dining cards will only be accepted at Village Center Dining. These dining cards, if pre-purchased, are $11.65 per person. All other pre-purchased dining cards are $15.64 per person. All other presale meal cards can be used at any dining facility that accepts meal plans. We will also accept credit cards at the door if meals are not pre-purchased online.
If you have been invited to attend a special luncheon during Admitted Student Day, lunch will be provided and a meal card is not required.
Pre-Purchased Meal Card Dining Options
CU on the Run (C4C)
This grab-n-go location in the
C4C building
offers hot and cold options, plus a made-to-order sandwich station for quick meals.
Hours for Saturday 4/18/2026: 10 a.m. – 2 p.m.
CU on the Run Menu
Roaming Ralphie
Located in the University Club parking lot 201, Roaming Ralphie is a mobile dining option offering a grill‑style menu with rotating daily specials. It’s a convenient stop for freshly prepared favorites when you’re on the go.
Hours for Saturday 4/18/2026: 10 a.m. - 2 p.m.
Roaming Ralphie Menu
Center for Community Dining Center (C4C)
Our award‑winning, all‑you‑care‑to‑eat dining center in the
C4C building
features global cuisine with eight micro‑restaurants, a custom salad bar and a dessert station.
Hours for Saturday 4/18/2026: 9 a.m. – 8 p.m.
Center for Community Menu
Sewell Dining Center
This all‑you‑care‑to‑eat dining center, located in
Sewall Hall
, offers an order‑ahead service with meal options including multicultural cuisine, traditional comfort food and grill items.
Hours for Saturday 4/18/2026: 10 a.m. - 2 p.m.
Sewall Menu
Village Center Dining (WVC)
Located in the
Williams Village Center Dining and Community Commons
, this all‑you‑care‑to‑eat dining center features a breakfast station, freshly prepared curry, a greenhouse with aeroponic towers and a build‑your‑own salad bar.
Hours for Saturday 4/18/2026: 9 a.m. – 8 p.m.
Village Center Dining Menu
Libby Dining
Libby Dining in Libby Hall serves breakfast and lunch options that are free of gluten, wheat, peanuts and tree nuts. It's convenient for a quick meal for those in a hurry.
Prohibited Items
Personal belongings that could introduce contaminants or allergens into the facility are strictly prohibited in the facility. These include:
Backpacks
Personal water bottles
Any outside food or drink
Storage cubbies are available to store your personal items prior to entrance
Hours for Saturday 4/18/2026: 10 a.m. – 2 p.m.
Libby Dining Menu
Retail Options
These retail markets and vendors accept debit and credit cards (NO cash accepted at these locations)—these do not require advanced purchase.
WeatherTech Café and The Bakery (C4C)
Enjoy specialty coffee at this cafe on the first floor of the
C4C
, in addition to made-to-order pizzas, sandwiches, snacks and beverages.
Hours for Saturday 4/18/2026: 7 a.m. – 10 p.m.
WeatherTech Café and Bakery Menu
Farrand Market (FRND)
This market in
Farrand Hall
offers a selection of snacks, beverages and convenience items.
Hours for Saturday 4/18/2026: 9 a.m. – 11 p.m.
Farrand Market Menu
Village Market, In Williams Village (WVC)
This market, in the
Village Center
, provides produce, snacks, beverages, essentials, Starbucks coffee and CU apparel.
Hours for Saturday 4/18/2026: 9 a.m. – 11 p.m.
Village Market Menu
UMC Market (UMC)
UMC Market
offers a quick option for hot and cold on-the-go sandwiches, snacks and beverages.
Hours for Saturday 4/18/2026:  9 a.m. – 3 p.m.
UMC Market Menu
Sewall Market (SWLL)
Sewall Market is a convenience store offering bottled beverages, hot coffee, snacks, sandwiches, salads, and ice cream.
Hours for Saturday 4/18/2026: 9 a.m. – 3 p.m.
Sewall Market Menu
Admitted Student Day 2025
You're Registered
Arriving to Campus
Explore Your Options for the Day
Dining Options
Admitted Student Day Accessibility
What's next?
Frequently Asked Questions