URL: http://www.colorado.edu/admissions/visit/first-year/asd-2026-youre-registered
TITLE: ASD 2026: You're Registered! | University of Colorado Boulder

ASD 2026: You're Registered!
ASD 2026: You're Registered!
Admitted Student Day 2026
Be Boulder with us at Admitted Student Day on Saturday, April 18, 2026!
Tour our residence halls, explore your major, learn about life on campus and make new friends!
Being a student at the University of Colorado Boulder is about more than just an education. It’s about starting your morning with an adventure on one of the many trails through the Flatirons, spending the afternoon exploring new places on campus and enjoying an evening savoring Colorado cuisine on the Pearl Street Mall. It’s about exploring Downtown Denver, Rocky Mountain National Park or ending your day with a concert at the renowned Red Rocks Amphitheater. The opportunities at CU Boulder are endless!
We know once you get a taste of CU Boulder, you won’t want to leave, because Buffs are forever.
If you have not yet registered for this event,
please log into your application status page
. There you can also update or cancel your registration.
Pro Tip:
Pro Tip
: A couple days before Admitted Student Day (ASD) you will receive a reminder email with the subject line “Registration Reminder: Admitted Student Day 2026” – keep that email handy on the day of the event for important information to help you with arrival, parking, academic sessions, and residence hall options.
Please note that students may bring a maximum of three (3) guests with them to Admitted Student Day in order to maximize space for admitted students.
We can't wait to host you on campus at Admitted Student Day. If you have any questions please contact the Office of Admissions (between 9 a.m. – 4 p.m.) at 303-492-6301 or
cuvisits@colorado.edu
.
Your Guide to Admitted Student Day
Watch this short video for advice from student ambassadors on how to make the most of your visit during Admitted Student Day.
Admitted Student Day 2026
You're Registered
Arriving to Campus
Explore Your Options for the Day
Dining Options
Admitted Student Day Accessibility
What's next?
Frequently Asked Questions