URL: https://www.colorado.edu/graduateschool/admissions
TITLE: Admissions | Graduate School | University of Colorado Boulder

Admissions
Join us, and discover what's next
In your career, in your network, in your potential.
Apply Now
Admissions
Are you ready to make the next step in your career? Whether conducting unparalleled research or leading in industry, our graduate-level programs will give you the skills and connections necessary to advance your career. Here at CU Boulder, you will gain more than an education. You will grow your network, gain applicable experience and advance your career. As a CU Boulder graduate student, you will have the opportunity to collaborate and gain world-class expertise in your chosen field - all while studying at one of the most beautiful campuses in America!
Working with esteemed faculty and researchers, our graduate students gain world-class expertise in their chosen fields and train to become the next generation of teachers, scholars, artists and researchers. With this guidance, they gain the necessary skills and tools to tackle some of the most complex and pressing issues of our time.
Paying for Graduate School
Request More Information
Graduate Programs & Deadlines
Where to Begin
Once Admitted
Why CU Boulder?
CU research has led to the creation of more than
190 new companies
in the last 25 years.
#1 public university recipient of NASA funding
among public universities - and second among
all
universities.
CU Boulder is the
#1 NIH-funded
non-medical school.
CU Boulder ranks
#8 in National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship awards.
CU Boulder is often named
one of the most beautiful campuses
in the nation.
CU Boulder has
12 multi-disciplinary research institutes and over 75 research centers.
CU is home to
3 of the highly prized NSF-funded research centers and 6 national laboratories
are located in Boulder.
CU has
10 MacArthur Genius Grant Fellows
and CU faculty includes
5 Nobel Laureates
79
Fulbright Fellowships have been awarded to CU Boulder students.
See More of Our Rankings, Facts & Figures
Book a Virtual Info Session
Take a Virtual Tour of Campus
Book a Phone Appointment
Request More Information
Frequently Asked Questions