URL: http://www.colorado.edu/understand-your-cost-attendance
TITLE: Understand Your Cost of Attendance | University of Colorado Boulder

Understand Your Cost of Attendance
Understand Your Cost of Attendance
Hey, Buffs, have questions about your cost of attendance? We’re here to help you understand your estimated expenses.
The cost of attendance is the estimate of a student’s expenses for one academic year of college. It typically includes:
Expenses billed directly by CU Boulder (e.g., tuition, fees, on-campus housing, food and books)
Expenses that are not billed by CU Boulder (e.g., transportation, off-campus housing and groceries)
The actual expenses may vary depending on your individual program, enrollment level, residency classification, housing selection and food choices. You may have some kinds of expenses but not others.
Attending main campus classes?
Estimate your specific cost:
Bill Estimator
Understanding Your Expenses
If you’re attending CU Boulder at least half time, the cost of attendance is an estimate of the following:
Typical Expenses
Tuition & Fees
What you pay each semester or session for Main Campus academic instruction. The amount varies based on your residency classification, program, enrollment level and courses. Visit the Bursar’s Office for
more information on tuition and fees
.
Books, Supplies, Course Materials & Equipment
The costs required for your courses, including a reasonable allowance to purchase a computer. Learn about the book store’s
equitable access course materials program
. Visit the Office of Financial Aid for the
estimated cost of books and supplies
.
Housing & Food
Living expenses that may include on- or off-campus housing, meal plans, rent, groceries, utilities and internet. Explore
housing options
and
meal plans
through the Division of Student Affairs.
Personal
Personal expenses such as laundry and cleaning supplies, personal hygiene and cell phone plans. View the estimated
allowance for personal expenses
.
Transportation
An allowance for transit between campus, your place of residence in the United States, and your place of work. View estimated
transportation expenses
.
Other Case-by-Case Expenses
Medical
The cost of university-provided health insurance for students who do not already have coverage.
Residential Academic Program (RAP) Fees
The cost of special programming that typically takes place in residence halls related to your area of study.
Dependent Care
Caregiving expenses such as child care or elder care.
Federal Student Loan Fees
Origination fees charged to you, or your parent or guardian.
Study Abroad
Reasonable costs associated with an approved for-credit CU Boulder study abroad program.
Professional License, Certificate or Credential Fees
Fees associated with programs that lead to licensure.
Disability-Related
Reasonable expenses related to a student’s disability that are not covered by other assistance.
What's Not Included
The cost of attendance does not and cannot include things like:
Private Loan Fees
Origination fees charged to you, or your parent or guardian for loans offered through private lenders.
Preparatory Course or Exam Fees
Cost of preparation required to be considered for an undergraduate or graduate program, such as SAT or ACT fees, LSAT fees and more.
Recreational Expenses
Expenses such as ski passes, purchase of a car or bike or spring break trips.
Parking Fines
Fines for parking violations on- or off-campus.
Credit Card Debt
Outstanding balances on a credit card that are carried over from month to month.
Paying for College
Federal Cost of Attendance Guidelines
Every year, the federal government and the Colorado Department of Higher Education set student budget parameters to help universities determine financial aid and ensure that the overall cost of attendance is reasonable. These parameters might not reflect what you will actually pay for different expenses. You can request an increase to your cost of attendance for case-by-case expenses, or academic expenses that exceed the budgeted amount. You can find these requests on the Financial Aid website below
Special Circumstances & Appeals Forms
.
If you receive any kind of financial aid, including private loans or scholarships, you cannot receive more aid than the total cost of attendance in any given year. You can see an estimate of the maximum
cost of attendance for new students
on the Office of Financial Aid’s website.
Apply for Financial Aid
Estimate Your Cost of Attendance
Other Options for Paying for College