URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/certificate/undergraduate-accounting
TITLE: Undergraduate Accounting Certificate | Emory University Goizueta Business School

Undergraduate
Accounting
Certificate
Declare Certificate
Undergraduate Certificate in Accounting
Expand Your Career Options with
Foundational Accounting Knowledge
Accounting is the language of business. Fluency in accounting enables you to understand business concepts, enhance your financial acumen, and develop critical skills to make complex decisions in a continually evolving business environment. This certificate affords non-business Emory undergraduate students the opportunity to become proficient in accounting topics to expand their career options.
Eligibility
This certificate is available to Emory students enrolled in undergraduate programs outside of Goizueta Business School. Students with a business minor may enroll in this certificate.
Declare Certificate
Requirements
Complete four courses: ACT 200 Accounting: The Language of Business and three accounting electives (see list of elective options below).
Course Descriptions
Credentials
Earn a certificate from a top-20 business school and be prepared to sit for Financial & Managerial Accounting Associate certification.
FMAA Certification
Undergraduate Accounting Certificate
Course Options
Complete four courses: ACT 200 Accounting: The Language of Business and three accounting electives from the list below.
Fall/Spring Courses
ACT 300 Business Analysis and Valuation
ACT 301 Strategic Cost Management
Fall Courses
ACT 311 Sustainability Measurement & Reporting
ACT 312 Financial Reporting of Operations
ACT 335 Firm Fundamentals and Mispricing
ACT 415 Tax Strategy
ACT 420 Accounting Analytics: Insights for Actions
ACT 438 Corporate Political Strategy
ACT 450 Accounting for Mergers & Acquisitions
Spring Courses
ACT 304 Blockchains and Crypto Assets
ACT 325 Financial Reporting of Debt & Equity
ACT 330 Personal Financial Planning
ACT 477 Machine Learning for Fundamental Analysis
ACT 499 Compensation & Management Control
ACT 516 Accounting for Social Impact Organizations*
ACT 618 Auditing*
View Course Descriptions
*Graduate level courses require faculty approval.
Toggle text
right-arrow
Expanded Career Opportunities
Employer Demand
There is growing demand from employers, particularly in governmental agencies, NGOs, and for-profit businesses, for employees that have not only rich liberal arts backgrounds but also understand business concepts and have financial acumen. Gain a competitive advantage over students from other universities with similar degrees by earning Goizueta’s Undergraduate Certificate in Accounting. Career services for all Emory College students, including those pursuing the accounting certificate, is provided by the Emory College Career Pathways Center.
Declare the Certificate
This certificate is not open to Goizueta BBA students but is open to students pursuing a business minor. You must declare the certificate for it to appear on your transcript. Students who have officially declared the certificate will be eligible to be enrolled in the listed accounting courses via the Goizueta Registrar during pre-registration on a space available basis.
Declare
Have
Questions?
Want to learn more about the certificate? Contact Teri Lombardi Yohn, Professor & Rebecca Cheney McGreevy Endowed Chair of Accounting.
Email