URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/corporate/consult/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate Business Capstone Projects | Emory University Goizueta Business School

Hands-on Student Learning
Sponsor Undergraduate
Business Capstone
Goizueta’s BBA program has consistently been lauded as one of the nation’s top undergraduate business programs. The program blends a rigorous and relevant business curriculum with foundational liberal arts training to develop graduates who are critical thinkers and problem-solvers.
Sponsorship Inquiry
In this Section
How Does the
Sponsorship Work
Ideal BBA Capstone projects allow students to tackle a real-world challenge for a firm using key communication tactics, providing strategic ideas across channels such as social/digital media and traditional branding. Deliverables feature student presentations with tangible recommendations and visuals to articulate their data findings and suggestions.
In our BBA Communications course, we seek client-sponsored capstone projects requiring a communication strategy or messaging execution plan to solve an internal or external challenge for your organization. The course features one client, with 200+ students forming 4-6 person project teams that review the data and recommend strategies to leadership.
Though there is no project fee for BBA Capstone projects, corporate clients are expected to work with Goizueta faculty to identify an optimal project that addresses real business needs and aligns with student capabilities. Clients kick-off and close out projects in person, and ideally provide virtual touchpoints along the way to guide the project to success.
Sponsorship Inquiry
We serve as guides to help your organization identify & scope your potential project, as well as facilitate engagement points with the students throughout the semester. We also support all student teams, providing guidance throughout their project phases.
Projects will conclude at the end of each semester, and will consist of 4-6 students in their first year of Emory's undergraduate BBA program.
Inquire About Sponsorship
How do we become a sponsor?
To begin,
let us know of your interest
.
We'll schedule a conversation(s) with you to learn more about your project ideas and consult with you to help shape a project proposal that is mutually beneficial.
What about NDA's and legal agreements?
All Emory students, faculty, staff, coaches, and any other parties working with the students on their project will sign an NDA with your organization. Most often we use an NDA provided by the client organization, and then have Emory legal review. These documents should be signed by all parties prior to working on the project. At your request, the managing director or program dean can sign an NDA immediately in order to discuss your project idea.
Additionally, an Emory-Firm Sponsorship Agreement will solidify the relationship between Emory and your organization.
Sponsorship Inquiry
Fall projects are sourced during the summer and confirmed by Oct 1, while spring projects are sources during the fall and confirmed by Jan 15.
Sponsorship Inquiry
Case Study: Mercedes-Benz
The Challenge
BBA Capstone students partnered with Mercedes-Benz USA to identify a communications strategy for Mercedes to launch the first A-Class sedan in the U.S. market, and specifically one that appealed to potential Millennial buyers.
The Approach
Students had to think strategically and creatively to analyze potential buyers, clarify their ideal message outcome, then craft a message that would resonate with Millennials. Mercedes-Benz leadership was actively involved in the process and interested in connecting with students to hear their perspectives.
The Outcome
At the end of the project, the top student teams presented their communication strategies, platforms, and messaging to Mercedes-Benz USA leadership, including CEO Dietmar Exler.
Become a
Sponsor
Do you have a strategic communications challenge that would benefit from the unique perspectives of our undergraduate business students? We may be able to help. Let's talk.
Sponsorship Inquiry