URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/corporate/recruit/BBA
TITLE: Recruit BBA Graduates | Emory University Goizueta Business School

Recruit
BBA Students
Employment Report
In this Section
Goizueta Business School
Undergraduate
Student Talent
Goizueta’s Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) prepares students to think critically, analyze data, and effectively communicate recommendations. By graduation, they know how to make data-driven decisions, and courageously act when the time is right. The BBA Career Management Center (CMC), in partnership with the centralized Emory Career and Professional Development (CPD) team, provide several opportunities for you to productively engage with our students.
The quickest and easiest way for you to highlight your job opportunity is to use Handshake, a portal that reaches all Emory undergraduate students and alumni. Alumni up to 3 years post-graduation can use Handshake.
Register on Handshake
. You must create a profile and connect with Emory’s account.
Once your profile is approved, Handshake allows you to manage your undergraduate recruiting activities at Emory:
Receive a résumé bundle of students that apply to open positions
Search and message students and recent alumni who have made their profiles public
Submit a request to host a company presentation or an on-campus interview
For those new to Handshake, this
page
will be a great starting point to get to know Handshake, create a new employer account, or join an existing account.
If you have questions or problems with Handshake, please contact the Emory Career and Professional Development team at
cpdrecruiting@emory.edu
.
As Goizueta’s only undergraduate program, the BBA Employer Relations staff works closely with the Emory University Career and Professional Development team (CPD) to offer opportunities for you to engage with our students through:
•    Company Presentations
•    Coffee Chats
•    On-Campus Interviews
•    Career Expos
We encourage employers to engage with our students on-campus and in-person, but virtual opportunities are available as well. These opportunities can be requested and scheduled through
Handshake
with our CPD team. More information can be found
here
.
On-Campus Policies and Guidelines
In addition to recruiting events available to all Emory undergraduates, there are several touchpoints specific to BBA students.
1.
Tabling at Goizueta
is a way to build your brand, meet students in-between classes and share information about your company. There is an opportunity to follow this up with an information session.
2.
BBA Kegs in the Courtyard
is an informal, weekly event held on Thursday afternoons for BBA students to unwind and network. You are welcome to sponsor this event as a way to raise your company’s brand awareness and as a chance to get to know students in a casual setting.
3.
BBA Professional Development Class
is a required course for our first semester BBA students. It is held on Fridays and covers topics ranging from building a strong BBA resume to connecting with our incredible Goizueta network. There are opportunities, though limited, for employers and alumni to guest lecture and interact with our students. Please note, this class is taught by the BBA CMC staff. Beyond this course, we are unable to provide direct access to other faculty led classes at this time.
4.
BBA Atlanta Site Visits
take place on Friday afternoons at companies in the Atlanta area. Like our BBA Career Treks, these provide employers in the Atlanta area an opportunity to host a group of BBA students in their office.
5.
BBA Career Treks
are visits to company offices in targeted cities for students to learn about your opportunities and experience your company culture first-hand.
6.
Goizueta Career Connection (GCC)
is our signature BBA junior internship recruiting event which happens in early September. In collaboration with the MBA CMC, approximately 400 students (both MBA and BBA), alumni, and business partners gather to build relationships for future hiring needs. In past years, this event has been held at the Georgia Aquarium.
Connecting with student clubs is an ideal way to meet BBA students who share an industry interest or have a specific expertise. We can help you connect with clubs like these:
•    180 Degrees Consulting
•    Algory Capital
•    Alpha Kappa Psi (AKPsi)
•    Alternative Investments Group (AIG)
•    Ascend
•    Association of Latino Professionals of America (ALPHA)
•    Atlas Consulting Group (ACG)
•    BBA Council
•    Beta Alpha Psi (BAP)
•    Consult Your Community (CYC)
•    Emory Business Ethics
•    Emory Impact Investing Group (EIIG)
•    Goizueta Black Student Association
•    Goizueta Consulting Group (GCG)
•    Goizueta Data Analytics Club
•    Goizueta Finance Group (GFG)
•    Goizueta Investment Management Group (GIMG)
•    Goizueta Marketing Club
•    Goizueta Pride
•    Goizueta Real Estate Group (GREG)
•    Goizueta Women in Finance (GWIF)
•    Spark Mentorship Group
•    Emory Women in Business
•    Emory Sustainable Business Group
•    Emory Invest in Yourself
•    Project V Solutions Consulting
•    Social Impact Marketing Group
•    Goizueta Corporate Connects
•    Goizueta Venture Capital
•    Be First
•    Goizueta Art Market Guild
•    Emory Marketing Analytics
•    Emory Real Estate Advisory Group
•    Healthcare Oriented Business Students
We do ask that all company information sessions be coordinated through
Handshake
via our centralized career center to ensure accessibility to the broader student body and prevent conflicts with sessions from similar industry employers. Once scheduled and approved on Handshake, employers are welcome to share these with relevant GBS clubs, as we do encourage clubs to promote these sessions to engage their members.
Additionally, please be aware that student organizations are student lead, and they manage their own programming. Therefore, we cannot guarantee interaction with any student clubs.
You can find more information on the mission and goals of each of these clubs here.
Sarah Leist
As Assistant Dean & Executive Director, Sarah leads the BBA and Master in Management Career Management Center team. She oversees strategic initiatives and overall program management. She also focuses on business development and the collection and analysis of outcome data.
Madeline Schmees
Madeline leads employer and alumni programming for the BBA CMC. Madeline coordinates career treks, alumni panels, and facilitates other student-alumni engagement touchpoints. Madeline is the first point of contact for any employer/alumni looking to recruit BBAs.
Connect with Us
Please contact the BBA Career Management Center Employer Relations Team to learn more about how to engage with and hire our students.
Contact Us
BBA Career Policy
FAQ
Can students apply directly through our company website?
Students can apply directly for jobs and internships through your company website if they also apply to the job via Handshake.
Where can we hold interviews or coffee chats on campus?
All on-campus interviews and on-campus coffee chats for undergraduate students are held within the Emory Career & Professional Development (CPD) office in the B Jones Building. Please find more information regarding on-campus recruiting through our centralized career center’s recruiting site
here
.
Will the BBA CMC or the Emory CPD screen applicants for us prior to our on-campus interviews?
Our offices do not screen applicants for employers prior to on-campus interviews. After posting your opportunity on Handshake, refer to the APPLICANTS tab attached to each position within your on-campus schedule. This ensures you are selecting candidates that meet your organization's screening criteria.
On-campus coffee chats are a first-come, first-serve sign up process for students. Employers are able to provide criteria that students must meet to be eligible to sign up for their scheduled on-campus coffee chats, but employers are not able to select students.
How should we submit offers of employment?
An official job or internship offer should be in written form and contain the following: position title, salary, start date, and work location.
Please note that we advise employers to demonstrate flexibility and a willingness to allow students adequate time to make a sound and informed decision; students respond better to these interactions than to ones in which they feel pressured.
Specific policies regarding acceptance deadlines can be found on Emory CPD’s Policies and Guidelines page
here
.
What if we must rescind an offer?
If an employer is considering withdrawing an offer from an Emory student, for any reason, please contact the
Emory CPD Recruiting Team
immediately.
Please note, if you are required to revoke a job offer that a student has accepted because of changing conditions within the company, the student is entitled to a fair and equitable course of action including but is not limited to: financial assistance and outplacement service.
What if the student reneges on a job offer?
Emory University students are obligated to follow the established ethical practices when seeking employment and/or internships. Students are expected to cease seeking and considering other positions once they have accepted an offer. They are urged to immediately release offers they do not plan to accept.
Reneging on accepted offers has negative repercussions that extend beyond the student’s own reputation and could jeopardize Emory University’s relationship with employers. It is a serious violation of the Emory CPD’s policies and can result in the loss of alumni and career services privileges for the student.
However, any offer that is over 14 months from when they start should have no repercussions. In the unfortunate instance when your firm has adhered to these guidelines and a student decides to renege on an offer, please notify the
Emory CPD Recruiting Team
immediately.
Emory CPD’s Policies and Guidelines can be found
here
.
How closely should we communicate with the BBA Career Management Team (CMC)?
We ask that you please inform the BBA CMC team of all employment offers (internships and full-time positions) extended to students. We strive to maintain accurate statistics regarding student job offers, acceptances and salary, but can only do that if we are kept in the loop. Your company employment records are kept strictly confidential and used only for statistical purposes.
STEM Degree
Up to 36 months OPT for F-1 Students
The United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) allows graduates of STEM programs on F-1 visas, who work for an E-Verify employer, the opportunity to work full-time in the US. In addition to the normal Optional Practical Training (OPT) period of 12 months for international students, a STEM degree makes possible a 24-month extension of post-completion OPT, offering total potential eligibility of up to 36 months.
Learn More
Select
BBA Employers
Latest
BBA News
April 12, 2026
Goizueta Students Build AI Chatbot for Real-World Legal Impact
March 26, 2026
A Witness to History, A Teacher for Generations: Major General Perry Smith Marks 35 Years at Goizueta
March 23, 2026
Goizueta BBA Program Ranked Top 10 Nationally by Poets & Quants
March 18, 2026
98 Percent of Goizueta’s 2025 BBA Graduates Received Job Offers Within Three Months
March 13, 2026
How Emory’s Sustainable Business Group is Partnering with Delta Air Lines and Leading the Way in Student Consulting
March 1, 2026
Meet Ajar Rajbhandary: Building Brands by Owning the Outcome
February 27, 2026
Women’s History Month: Celebrating Leadership, Innovation, and Impact Across Goizueta
February 19, 2026
No Perfect Decks: Goizueta Alumni on the Reality of Building a Business
February 10, 2026
Communicating Through Change with Cox Communications
February 10, 2026
Emory’s 40 Under Forty Honors Four Goizueta Alumni
February 8, 2026
For Startups, AI is Everything, Everywhere, All at Once
December 31, 2025
The Best Stories of 2025 from Goizueta Business School