URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/executive-education/faq
TITLE: FAQs | Emory Executive Education | Emory University Goizueta Business School

Emory Executive Education
Frequently
Asked Questions
In this Section
What is the format of your programs?
Programs are offered live online and in-person.
View the upcoming course schedule.
How much do your programs cost?
Emory Executive Education’s program fees are less than you might think for our innovative, market-relevant courses:
Short courses (16 hours) start at $2,495 per person
Immersive leadership certificates and forums (4-5 days) range from $6,000-$10,000 per person*
We also offer special pricing for select constituents.
Civic Organizations
Group Sales 3+
Custom Clients
Emory University Alumni
Emory University Employees
Emory Healthcare Employees
Group Discounts
Organizations are eligible for a group pricing package for sending multiples participants through our in-person and online programs over the course of a year. Please
contact us
for more information about our special pricing or to receive your code before you register.
Employer Tuition Assistance
Does your employer offer tuition assistance? Here are
justification letters
that you can download/edit and send to your supervisor to request tuition assistance.
Segal AmeriCorps Education Award
AmeriCorps members are eligible to receive the Segal AmeriCorps Education Award. The award can be used to pay current educational expenses for Emory Executive Education programs.
What is included in the program fee?
The program fee for short courses include program materials, parking, and includes breakfast, lunch, mid-morning/mid-afternoon break snacks, and all-day hot/cold beverage service.
What forms of payment do you accept?
We accept Visa, MasterCard, and American Express and wire transfers. Please have your invoice number and invoice amount available in addition to your credit card number and credit card billing address when paying.
Emory University's bank wire/ ACH instructions
For further assistance with forms of payment, please contact Betty Asamoah at
betty.asamoah@emory.edu
.
Do you offer any program fee reduction?
We offer special pricing for select constituents.
Civic Organizations
Group Sales 3+
Custom Clients
Emory University Alumni
Emory University Employees
Emory Healthcare Employees
Group Discounts
Organizations are eligible for a group pricing package for sending multiples participants through our in-person and online programs over the course of a year. Please
contact us
for more information about our special pricing or to receive your code before you register.
Employer Tuition Assistance
Does your employer offer tuition assistance? Here are
justification letters
that you can download/edit and send to your supervisor to request tuition assistance.
Segal AmeriCorps Education Award
AmeriCorps members are eligible to receive the Segal AmeriCorps Education Award. The award can be used to pay current educational expenses for Emory Executive Education programs.
Is there a fee for canceling, transferring, or sending someone in my place?
Your participation in an Emory Executive Education course involves substantial preparation on our part and by our faculty. We understand that plans change and that you may need to cancel your registration or transfer to a different offering.
Cancellation Policy
For all open enrollment short courses (1-3 days), you may cancel your registration or transfer to a different course or course offering without penalty if you do so more than 30 days in advance of the course start date.
Cancellations made more than 30 days before the course start date for our open enrollment short enrollment courses will be eligible for a full refund of the course fees paid. Cancellations made between 7 days and 30 days in advance before the course start date may incur a penalty of 50% of the course fees. Cancellations made less than 7 days before the program start date or in case of no-shows on or after the program start date, will not be eligible for a refund. Additionally, 100% of the program fee will be charged if the invoice is still unpaid.
For cancellation of a registration for our Managerial Leadership Program (MLP), Coaching Foundations, or Advanced Coaching programs, please contact us to discuss your options.
For MLP, 30 days advance notice is required as this course involves individualized assessments and feedback instruments, which are launched more than 30 days in advance of the course start date.
For the Coaching Foundations and Advanced Coaching programs, 60 days advance notice is required. Cancellations made more than 60 days before the Coaching Foundations or Advanced Coaching program start date can be transferred to the next available Coaching cohort (application/payment/applicable discounts will also transfer) or would be eligible for a full refund.
Please contact ExecutiveEducation@emory.edu if you need to cancel. We are happy to work with you to determine the best option for you.
Transfer Policy
Transfer requests made more than 30 days before the course start date for our open enrollment short courses may receive a full refund of the course fees paid. Transfer requests made between 7 days and less than 30 days before the course start date may incur a $500 transfer fee. This fee is in addition to any increase in the course fees for the new course, if applicable. Both the transfer fee and any additional course fees are due immediately via credit card. If the transfer request is approved, the one-time transfer credit must be used within 12 (twelve) months of approval. Transfer requests are not available when made less than 7 days before the program start date and will not be eligible for a refund. In certain circumstances, you may substitute another participant in the same course offering in your place.
Please contact ExecutiveEducation@emory.edu to discuss options.
What hotel accommodations do you recommend?
For participants traveling from afar or out of state, we recommend the
Emory Conference Center Hotel
. The hotel is about one mile from campus and offers complimentary shuttle service. For more information, please visit
www.emoryconferencecenter.com
.
Do any of the programs provide credit toward a degree?
Most Emory Executive Education courses are non-credit bearing but can be applied to earn a certificate. Some courses, such as
MBA-Level Courses
, may be taken for degree credit. Acceptance into an MBA-Level Course is not acceptance into an Emory degree program. Earning degree credits through Emory Executive Education does not guarantee admission into an Emory degree program.
Do you offer CEUs and CPEs?
We are happy to work with you to provide appropriate documentation and information so that you can use your participation in an Emory Executive Education course to satisfy any continuing education requirements for your professional license.
I’ve completed a course, when will I receive the digital badge?
Within ten business days from the completion of your course you will receive an email notification (from
ExecutiveEducation@goizueta.emory.edu
) with instructions and a link to your digital badge.
What is Credly? Do I have to create an account with Credly to get my digital badge?
Credly is the end-to-end solution for issuing and managing digital credentials. Credly works with credible organizations to provide digital credentials to individuals, worldwide. In order to accept the badge you will need to create an account with Credly.
If I am unable to attend the entire course will I still be able to get a digital badge?
Participants must attend 75% of the course to earn the digital badge; digital badges will not be issued for partial completion of a course.
If I previously completed an Executive Education course, can I claim a digital badge?
Emory Executive Education only began issuing digital badges effective May 2023. Courses completed prior to May 2023 are not eligible for a digital badge.
Can I still have a paper certificate to verify my course completion?
Yes, you can print a paper certificate from the Credly platform.
Whom can I contact for general questions?
You may contact us at
ExecutiveEducation@emory.edu
for general questions. For questions specific to Credly visit
support.credly.com
.