URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/masters-management/admissions/tuition
TITLE: Master in Management Tuition & Costs | Emory University Goizueta Business School

Master in Management
Financing
Your Degree
Apply Today
submit
In this Section
Master in Management
Funding
Your Future
Pursuing a graduate business degree is a significant financial investment—one of the most important that you'll make—and we at Emory are committed to working with you to make your educational goal a financial reality. Our students combine personal funds, outside resources, Goizueta scholarships, and loans through Emory University's Office of Financial Aid to help realize their education goals.
Cost of Masters in Management
$66,622
Tuition
$65,300
Mandatory Fees
$952
Application / Transcript Fees
$370
Other Estimated Costs
$34,100
Living (approx.)
$27,684
Books (approx.)
$512
Health Insurance (approx.)
$5,196
Parking (approx.)
$708
Please note: Tuition rates are subject to change and are updated each spring for the upcoming academic year. There is a mandatory health insurance fee of $5,196 that can be waived with proof of existing health insurance coverage.
Master in Management
Scholarships &
Financial Aid
Our graduate business degrees offer students a better professional and financial future. Knowing the financial commitment is significant, Emory University's Financial Aid Office is committed to assisting students with the process of obtaining the financial resources necessary to pursue a Goizueta degree. The Graduate Admissions Committee awards merit-based scholarships.
Merit-based scholarships are awarded from the Goizueta Business Fund for Excellence, our annual fund, based on academic achievement, quality of work experience, demonstrated leadership, and extracurricular activities. Students are also eligible for funding from the Rosemary and John Brown Family Scholars Program.
Rosemary and John Brown Family Scholars Program
This $5 million scholarship endowment is open to graduates of Spelman College and Agnes Scott College who are accepted into a Goizueta graduate program. Scholarships are merit-based. Brown Family Scholars admitted into any of Goizueta’s graduate programs will benefit from small-by-design program classes known for a collaborative culture and highly experiential learning model. This will help scholars to formally build camaraderie and continue with mentoring and networking during the remainder of their studies.
Current Emory Undergraduate Student Scholarship
Goizueta is thrilled to offer an exclusive opportunity for current Emory undergraduate students! Any 2026 or 2027 Emory graduate who is accepted into the Master in Management program during the 2025-2026 application cycle will receive a 30% tuition scholarship.
Highlights of this scholarship:
30% guaranteed scholarship for all admitted Emory undergraduate applicants who apply this application cycle
Potential for additional scholarships determined by Goizueta Graduate Admissions
$0 application fee for current Emory students
No GMAT/GRE required
Current Emory juniors can apply now to secure the scholarship for Fall 2027
Emory's Office of Financial Aid
A variety of student loans are available for both domestic and international students. Students can borrow up to the budgeted cost of attendance less any scholarships. Some of these loans include:
Federal Stafford Loan
Graduate Plus Loan
Private Loan
International Student Loan
For detailed information about student loans and how to apply please visit
Emory's Office of Financial Aid website.
The Master in Management program is currently not eligible for VA Education Benefits funding.
See a complete list of Emory programs eligible for VA Education Benefits funding.
Cost of Attendance
Office of Financial Aid
The cost of attendance is an estimate of the total amount it will cost you to go to school for an academic period, and it’s determined using rules established by law. Cost of attendance may include tuition and fees, on-campus room and board (or a housing and food allowance for off-campus students), and allowances for books, supplies, and transportation.
Learn More