URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/msba/admissions/tuition
TITLE: Master's in Business Analytics Degree Costs | Emory University Goizueta Business School

Full-time MS in Business Analytics
Tuition and
Financing
Apply Today
In this Section
A FULL-TIME MS IN BUSINESS ANALYTICS FOR YOUNG PROFESSIONALS
Funding
Your Future
Pursuing a full-time Master's in Business Analytics degree is a significant financial investment, one of the most important that you'll make, and we at Emory are committed to working with you to make your educational goal a financial reality. Our business analytics degree students combine personal funds, employer sponsorships, outside resources, admissions scholarships, and loans through Emory University's Office of Financial Aid to help realize their education goals.
10-Month Option
16-Month Option
Total MSBA Tuition & Fees
$82,794
$90,760
Tuition
$69,900
$75,900
Mandatory Fees
$12,674
$14,640
Application / Transcript Fees
$220
$220
Other Estimated Costs
$43,731
$60,680
Annual Living (approx.)
$36,912
$50,754
Books (approx.)
$512
$667
Health Insurance (approx.)
$5,599
$8,197
Parking (approx.)
$708
$1,062
Please note: Tuition rates are subject to change and are updated each spring for the upcoming academic year. There is a mandatory health insurance fee that can be waived with proof of existing health insurance coverage. The 16-month program option includes nine additional credit hours. You may take additional credit hours beyond that for $1,673 per credit hour.
Full-time MS in Business Analytics
Scholarships &
Financial Aid
The MSBA Admissions Committee awards scholarships based on academic achievement, quality of work experience, demonstrated leadership, and extracurricular activities. MSBA scholarships typically cover from 10-60% of tuition and fees. To be considered for a merit-based award, please submit all application materials by Round 3—no additional application is needed. To be considered for one of our named scholarships, submit your application by Round 2.
Merit-based scholarships are awarded from the Goizueta Business Fund for Excellence, our annual fund, based on academic achievement, quality of work experience, demonstrated leadership, and extracurricular activities. Students are also eligible for funding from the Rosemary and John Brown Family Scholars Program.
Rosemary and John Brown Family Scholars Program
This $5 million scholarship endowment is open to graduates of Spelman College and Agnes Scott College who are accepted into a Goizueta graduate program. Scholarships are merit-based. Brown Family Scholars admitted into any of Goizueta’s graduate programs will benefit from small-by-design program classes known for a collaborative culture and highly experiential learning model. This will help scholars to formally build camaraderie and continue with mentoring and networking during the remainder of their studies.
Current Emory Undergraduate Student Scholarship
Goizueta is thrilled to offer an exclusive opportunity for current Emory undergraduate students! Any 2026 or 2027 Emory graduate* who is accepted into the MS in Business Analytics program during the 2025-2026 application cycle will receive a 30% tuition scholarship.
Highlights of this scholarship:
30% guaranteed scholarship for all admitted Emory undergraduate applicants who apply this application cycle
Potential for additional scholarships determined by Goizueta Graduate Admissions
$0 application fee for current Emory students
GMAT/GRE waivers provided for MS in Business Analytics applicants with a GPA of 3.0 or higher
Current Emory juniors can apply now to secure the scholarship for Fall 2027
*Students enrolled in the BBA/MSBA program are not eligible for this scholarship as they already benefit from a larger reduction in tuition.
Emory's Office of Financial Aid
Our graduate business degrees offer students a better professional and financial future. Knowing the financial commitment is significant, Emory University's Financial Aid Office is committed to assisting students with the process of obtaining the financial resources necessary to pursue a Goizueta graduate degree.
A variety of student loans are available for both domestic and international students. Students can borrow up to the budgeted cost of attendance less any scholarships. Some of these loans include:
Federal Stafford Loan
Graduate Plus Loan
Private Loan
International Student Loan
For detailed information about student loans and how to apply please visit
Emory's Office of Financial Aid website.
Financial Aid
Graduate Loans
Our MS in Business Analytics degree offers students a better professional and financial future. Knowing the financial commitment is significant, Emory University's Financial Aid Office is committed to assisting students with the process of obtaining the financial resources necessary to pursue a Goizueta business analytics degree. A variety of student loans are available for both domestic and international students. Students can borrow up to the budgeted cost of attendance less any scholarships. Some of these loans include Federal Stafford Loan, Graduate Plus Loan, Private Loan, International Student Loan (does not require a US Citizen Co-Signor).
Office of Financial Aid
Cost of Attendance
Office of Financial Aid
The cost of attendance is an estimate of the total amount it will cost you to go to school for an academic period, and it’s determined using rules established by law. Cost of attendance may include tuition and fees, on-campus room and board (or a housing and food allowance for off-campus students), and allowances for books, supplies, and transportation.
Learn More
Set Yourself
Apart
Take the next step toward earning your MS in Business Analytics at Goizueta.
Start Your Application