URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/part-time-mba/admissions/tuition
TITLE: Cost of Part-Time MBA | Emory University Goizueta Business School

ON-CAMPUS, HYBRID, & ONLINE MBA FORMATS
Financing
Your MBA
Apply Today
In this Section
PART-TIME MBA: ONLINE, HYBRID, & ON-CAMPUS FORMATS
Funding
Your Future
Pursuing your part-time MBA is a significant financial investment, one of the most important that you'll make. At Emory we are committed to working with you to make your educational goal a financial reality. Our Evening MBA students combine personal funds, employer sponsorships, outside resources, admissions scholarships, and loans through Emory University's Office of Financial Aid to help realize their education goals.
Cost of Evening MBA
$100,771
Tuition
$90,342
Program Fees
$1,300 / semester
University Fees
$397 / semester
Application / Transcript Fees
$245
Please note: Because of the flexible nature of the Evening MBA program, tuition and fees will vary depending on when a student begins the program and how long it takes to complete the program. Tuition and fees are subject to change and are updated each spring for the upcoming academic year.
Tuition is billed at a per credit hour rate of $1673 and 54 credit hours are required to complete the Evening MBA. Semester tuition varies for students choosing to take additional or fewer courses in a given term, but total program tuition is not affected. Mandatory fees are charged per semester and are calculated using traditional six-semester duration. Accelerating your program completion may reduce mandatory fee total. Tuition figures do not include cost of books and supplies which may range from $100-400 per semester. Evening on-campus parking is available at no cost to students.
There is a mandatory annual health insurance fee of $5,599 that can be waived with proof of existing health insurance coverage.
We recognize the financial commitment of attending an MBA program and annually award part-time MBA scholarships to admitted candidates to the Evening MBA Program.
Merit Scholarships
The following merit-based part-time MBA scholarships are awarded based on information from your application for admission. No additional materials are required and any candidate who meets the criteria are considered. Award notification occurs prior to enrollment.
Nonprofit Scholarship for Evening MBA
Goizueta recognizes the value of nonprofit and government perspectives in our classrooms and the value that advanced business education can add in the nonprofit sector. A select number of scholarships in amounts up to $10,000 support talented professionals as they seek to apply business acumen to the unique challenges of not-for-profits. No separate application is required; however, additional documentation may be requested.
Rosemary and John Brown Family Scholars Program
This $5 million scholarship endowment is open to graduates of Spelman College and Agnes Scott College who are accepted into a Goizueta graduate program. Scholarships are merit-based. Brown Family Scholars admitted into any of Goizueta’s graduate programs will benefit from small-by-design program classes known for a collaborative culture and highly experiential learning model. This will help scholars to formally build camaraderie and continue with mentoring and networking during the remainder of their studies.
Graduate Loans
Our MBA degrees offer students a better professional and financial future. Knowing the financial commitment is significant, Emory University's Financial Aid Office is committed to assisting students with the process of obtaining the financial resources necessary to pursue a Goizueta MBA.
Emory's Office of Financial Aid website
A variety of student loans are available for both domestic and international students. Students may borrow up to the budgeted cost of attendance less any scholarships. Approximately 40% of Evening MBA students take advantage of the variety of loans available:
Federal Stafford Loan
Graduate Plus Loan
Private Loan
International Student Loan
Yellow Ribbon Program
Goizueta Business School is proud to have been a Yellow Ribbon partner school since 2009. The Yellow Ribbon Program is a provision of the
Post 9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2008 (aka Chapter 33)
, and students must first be eligible for the Post 9/11 GI Bill. Please contact the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to see if you are eligible and to request a Certificate of Eligibility (COE). According to the VA, you must use your full GI Bill funding before Yellow Ribbon funding is used.
Goizueta Business School provides up to 100 Yellow Ribbon awards per year ($2.56M annually), which is matched by the Veterans Administration. Candidates eligible for Yellow Ribbon funding will also be considered for merit-based scholarships.
Georgia National Guard Fellowships
Goizueta offers two fellowships each year to the part-time Evening MBA for Georgia National Guardsmen. Eligible candidates are part-time or full-time Georgia National Guardsmen who are admitted to our Evening MBA and will remain on active duty with the National Guard during their time in the program. Your application must include a letter of recommendation from Guard leadership.
Goizueta Business School Military Fellowships
The Goizueta Business School Military Fellowship recognizes one or more current Goizueta MBA students with a fellowship and financial stipend up to $10,000 for each student to serve in a formal role to support the Goizueta Business School in its military recruiting efforts for all graduate level programs (MBA, MS Business Analytics, Master of Analytical Finance).
Goizueta Military Scholarship
The Goizueta Military Scholarship provides funding support to active-duty military or veterans enrolled in any Goizueta degree program. The funding amount and number of scholarships awarded varies each year.
Military Consortium
To demonstrate our support of military applicants, Goizueta is associated with the Military Consortium, an organization under the umbrella of The Graduate Management Admission Council (GMAC). Through this association, we offer the following benefits for applicants with military experience:
Waived application fee for military persons who have been on active duty within three years of applying.
A one-year deferment if an admitted military student’s plans are delayed by their service branch.
Applications from deployed military personnel are accepted after our standard application deadlines.
Each of our five MBA programs offers a competitive advantage for students from all U.S. military branches. Learn more about the different funding options for our
current military and veteran applicants
to all of our programs.
Employer Support
Whether or not your company has a formal tuition sponsorship program, a well-crafted proposal can make the case for the benefits to be gained by investing in your development. There’s no magic formula but it’s important to research the precedent, discuss financial and schedule support options, and make your case for their investment in your development.
External MBA Scholarship Resources
A variety of part-time MBA scholarships are available to graduate students from private organizations, school and fraternal alumni associations, and foundations. Useful online scholarship search engines include GoGrad, FastWeb, and Peterson's. Past students have found scholarship opportunities through local and national levels of their community organizations and industry associations.
Statements concerning courses, expenses and tuition are not irrevocable contracts between the student and the institution. Emory University reserves the right to change the schedule of classes and the cost of instruction at any time
Financing Your MBA
Want to learn more about how to fund your MBA at Goizueta? Hear directly from the Associate Dean of MBA Admissions about funding opportunities! These include financial aid, MBA scholarships, and employer support.
Cost of Attendance
Office of Financial Aid
The cost of attendance is an estimate of the total amount it will cost you to go to school for an academic period, and it’s determined using rules established by law. Cost of attendance may include tuition and fees, on-campus room and board (or a housing and food allowance for off-campus students), and allowances for books, supplies, and transportation.
Learn More
Take the
Next Step
Set yourself apart by earning a part-time MBA at Goizueta.
Start Your Application