URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/part-time-mba/admissions/application
TITLE: Part-Time MBA Application | Emory University Goizueta Business School

Evening MBA
Application
Process
Apply Today
In this Section
PART-TIME MBA: ONLINE, HYBRID, & ON-CAMPUS FORMATS
Taking the
First Step
Welcome to Goizueta Business School's online application! We require all Evening MBA applicants to apply using our online application. Exceptions to this policy should be submitted via email, explaining the need to use a paper application.
Application
Deadlines
clock-white
Application Deadline
alarm-white
Notification
deposit-white
Deposit Due
Round 1
Round 1
Group
Application Deadline
August 20, 2025
Group
Notification
September 17, 2025
Group
Deposit Due
October 8, 2025
Round 2
Round 2
Group
Application Deadline
October 8, 2025
Group
Notification
November 5, 2025
Group
Deposit Due
November 19, 2025
Round 3
Round 3
Group
Application Deadline
February 11, 2026
Group
Notification
March 25, 2026
Group
Deposit Due
April 22, 2026
Round 4
Round 4
Group
Application Deadline
April 8, 2026
Group
Notification
May 6, 2026
Group
Deposit Due
May 27, 2026
Round 5
Round 5
Group
Application Deadline
June 3, 2026
Group
Notification
July 8, 2026
Group
Deposit Due
July 22, 2026
Round 2 is the final application deadline for a spring start (January). Round 5 is the final application deadline for a fall start (August). Applications will be accepted after the final application deadline if seats in the program are available.
Schedule an
Interview
The interview may occur at any point in the application process, but your file will not be considered complete until the interview has taken place.
Schedule an Interview
How to
Apply
Start Your Application
Goizueta requires that all Evening MBA program applicants complete our application in full to be reviewed for admission.
For candidates ready to take the next step, start your
online Evening MBA application
. It is not necessary to complete your application in one sitting. Until you are ready to submit, you may access it from any computer using the username and password that you create when you begin.
Begin Application
Before beginning the application, review the helpful hints below.
Receiving Emails: After first creating an account, an email will be sent to the address you listed with an autogenerated password. This email is usually sent within five minutes of your registration. Please check your junk folder if you do not see the email. For assistance, you may email us.
Pop-up Blockers: Disable any Pop-up Blockers running on your computer when completing the online application. Pop-up Blockers may prevent you from creating an account and/or from logging back in once your account has been created. Browser: Our application is compatible with most browsers and devices. It works most optimally in Google Chrome.
Application Fee
We require a $175 application fee from all MBA applicants.
U.S. Military service members and veterans will receive an automatic application fee waiver generated upon submission of the application. Forte MBA Launchers, current Peace Corps Volunteers and Teach for America employees are exempt from the application fee and must
email us
to request a fee waiver. Do not submit an application fee if you meet the criteria, we are unable to process a reimbursement or issue retroactive waivers.
If you do not meet the criteria above for an automatic application fee waiver, you may be interested in participating in our Getting It Done 101 application workshops. All participants in these workshops receive an application fee waiver. Workshops are offered for each MBA program before each round deadline. Visit the
Getting It Done 101 web page
to learn more and to register for an upcoming session.
Getting It Done 101 Application Prep Program
Join us for a multi-week guided journey to completing your Evening MBA application. Getting It Done 101 virtual prep sessions break down each step of the application process into manageable steps to be completed each week of the program. Participants will have access to exclusive virtual sessions with admissions staff. Weekly attendance is encouraged, but not mandatory. Each session will be recorded and shared with all participants. Candidates who have already completed parts of their application are eligible to participate. The program will be offered prior to each Round Deadline.
Learn More
GMAT/GRE/EA Test Scores
Applicants to Goizueta Business School's Evening MBA may choose whether or not to submit the Graduate Management Admissions Test (GMAT), the Graduate Record Examination (GRE), or the Executive Assessment (EA). Because our part-time MBA program is small by design, we are able to evaluate each applicant thoroughly and assess academic readiness through transcripts and application materials.
The Executive Assessment (EA) is accepted for candidates with 5 or more years of work experience. The EA is administered by the creators of the GMAT exam and is tailored to experienced professionals.
Executive Assessment Details
To apply without a GMAT, GRE, or EA test score, simply check the appropriate box in the test section of the online application form. The Goizueta Admissions Committee may ask an applicant to submit a standardized test after applying if needed.
Goizueta provides free practice tests for the GMAT and GRE. Take a full practice test or choose a specific section.
Résumé
A one- or two-page résumé containing your employment and education background must be uploaded to your Evening MBA application. The employment section on the résumé should include locations, titles, and dates, starting with your most recent job. The education section should include dates of attendance and degrees received.
Transcripts
We accept a scanned copy of your university transcripts for evaluative purposes. We do not accept records that you have downloaded for personal use. Acceptable documents must include the university/college name, your name, degree conferred with date (if applicable), grade point average and all courses with grades received. We require transcripts from all undergraduate and graduate institutions attended.
If you are admitted to the Evening MBA program, you will be required to submit official transcripts at the time of your enrollment deposit. Please plan ahead.
Essays
The essays are an important part of your MBA application because they are an opportunity to tell the MBA Admissions Committee more about yourself. To go beyond your resume bullet points and share more of your story and goals. Please complete the required 3 short answer questions and 2 essay questions below and follow the word limits provided.
Short Answer Questions (40-word limit each)
Answer all 3 of the short answer questions below. Each response should be no more than 40 words.
What are your short-term post-MBA career goals?
How will your professional experience and the Goizueta MBA help you to achieve those goals?
What’s a fun fact about you that you would like the committee to know?
Essay Questions (300-word limit each)
Answer the 2 essay questions below. Each response should be no more than 300 words.
Goizueta Business School’s mission is to prepare principled leaders to have a positive influence on business and society. Choose an example of a time you effectively demonstrated your leadership skills. Respond to one of these two prompts:
What about this experience made you feel proud of your leadership abilities?
What did this experience teach you about leadership?
Our lived experiences shape who we are and the aspirations we have. As a values-driven community, we care about what has shaped your life. Please share what or who has had the biggest impact on your life.
Optional Essay (500-word limit)
Still have more to share? This optional essay is your opportunity to share something you couldn’t find a place for on your application. This is also where you should address anything the committee may question (e.g., gaps in employment, academic challenges, choice of recommender). You can use essay format or bullets. Please identify topics if more than one is addressed.
Recommendations
As part of the part-time MBA application, we require two letters of recommendation. We prefer that these recommendations are professional in nature. Please be thoughtful when selecting your recommenders, and make sure that you choose at least one person who knows you well in your current position such as a direct supervisor, project manager or client. Your recommender should be able to answer the following questions about you:
Please indicate to which group you are comparing this candidate (e.g., co-worker, MBA graduate, etc.)
What characteristics or attributes best describe the applicant?
In what area is the applicant most exceptional?
In what area(s) does the applicant need improvement? Describe the applicant's awareness of these areas and response to constructive feedback.
How would you describe the applicant's interpersonal skills and the impression they make in meetings, presentations, or other interactions? Is the applicant effective when working in a team?
As part of the online application, you will have the option of sending your recommendation requests in the form of an online survey. You may send the recommendation request through the online application at any time by entering their contact information, including their email address, and clicking the box that says, "Send to recommender." Goizueta Business School also accepts the
GMAC Common Recommendation Form
in lieu of our own recommendation form. Please enter your recommender information into our online application and advise your recommender to attach the GMAC recommendation as prompted without filling out our form.
Request Recommendation via Online Application
Interviews
We look forward to meeting with you for your application interview. This may occur at any point in the part-time MBA application process, but your file will not be considered complete until the interview has taken place. Interviews are currently offered via Zoom. Use the link below to select an interview time or
email MBA Admissions
if your schedule requires an alternative time.
Schedule Your Interview
English Language Test Scores
Goizueta Business School expects all students to possess strong communication skills in English.
You are
not
required to submit an English Language Test Score if your undergraduate degree is from an institution in which English is the language of instruction
AND
you work in a country where commerce is generally conducted in English (for example: India, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, Malaysia, Singapore, Ghana, Nigeria, and Uganda).
No TOEFL waiver is required, please do not request one.
For all other applicants whose native language is not English, we require the
TOEFL
exam (recommended score of 100 IBT or higher), the
IELTS
(recommended score of 7.0 or higher), or
Duolingo
(recommended score of 120-125). We require
official scores
be sent directly from the testing agency and to be received by our office by the deadline of the round in which you are applying (estimated delivery time is 20 days from test date or date requested). Your application will remain incomplete until the scores are received; unofficial test-taker copies are not accepted.
English Language Test waiver may be requested if a candidate has:
Spent at least 3 years in the U.S. studying toward completion of an undergraduate degree,
OR
Completed a graduate degree in the U.S. followed by at least 1 year of work in the U.S.
Requests for a waiver should be submitted in writing
via email
after
you have submitted your MBA application. Please provide explanation in the body of your email to show how you meet the above requirements.
Re-Applicants
If you are re-applying within two years of your original MBA application, you are required to submit the information below. If more than two years have passed since your last application, you must complete all parts of the admission application.
Online application and $175 re-application fee
Updated résumé
A new or updated recommendation
Interview - It is not necessary for re-applicants who have completed an interview within the last year to interview again, but we strongly encourage you to do so.
Re-Applicant Essays
Applicants who have applied to Goizueta Business School in the past are required to answer the following questions:
What will professional success look like immediately after your MBA experience? Please describe where you would like this degree program to take you professionally. Include information such as desired job title, responsibilities, company, impact, and/or industry. Explain how your professional experiences and personal strengths align with your post-MBA goals. (200 word limit)
Explain how you have improved your candidacy for Goizueta Business School's MBA program since your last application. (200 word limit)
Connect With Us
Ask Admissions Anything
Drop in for open Q&A with an admissions director each week.
Schedule
Virtual Events
Attend an upcoming class or information session.
Register
Get an Edge
on the Competition
Take the next step toward earning a part-time MBA at Goizueta.
Start Your Application
submit
Accreditation
Emory University is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACSCOC) to award associate, baccalaureate, master's, doctorate, and professional degrees. Questions about the accreditation of Emory University may be directed in writing to the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges at 1866 Southern Lane, Decatur, GA 30033-4097, by calling (404) 679-4500, or by using information available on
SACSCOC’s website
.
Clery Report
Emory University’s Annual Security Report, Annual Fire Safety Report, and Statement of Campus Security Policy contains important crime statistics for all of Emory's campuses; as well as, information pertaining to security policies, sex and gender-based harassment, discrimination policies, and alcohol/drug and other policies, fire statistics, fire safety, and a comprehensive description of resources available to assist the campus community. View the
report online
or in
PDF format
. To obtain a paper copy of this report, please contact the Emory Police Department (EPD) at 404-727-6115. The report is published annually by Emory in accordance with the federal Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act) and the Higher Education Opportunity Act.