URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/undergraduate-business-degree/eligibility/application
TITLE: BBA Program Matriculation Process | Emory University Goizueta Business School

BBA PROGRAM
Matriculation
Process
In this Section
Matriculation to
BBA Program
For those students desiring to join the BBA Program at Goizueta, we commit to meeting you where you are and to helping you explore the various pathways to get you where you want to go.  Students complete an intent to matriculate, with criteria including both academic performance as well as leadership and engagement.  While we seek students who have displayed academic aptitude for business pre-requisite courses, we also look for students who are motivated to expand their perspectives and stretch their abilities—inside and outside of the classroom.
Meet with an
Pre-BBA Advisor
For pre-BBA advisement, stop in during our drop-in hours, no appointment needed.
Pre-BBA Drop-In Hours
Emory College and Oxford College students are eligible to enter the BBA Program once they have completed the BBA pre-requisites and at least 30 hours of academic credit on the Atlanta Campus, or all Associate's degree requirements on the Oxford Campus. Students file an intent to matriculate in the semester prior to the one in which you intend to start the BBA program.
To be eligible to matriculate, students from Emory College must have attained 30 hours (exclusive of PE, ECS 101, and Health 100) by the time of matriculation. Advanced Placement and International Baccalaureate credit hours count towards this total. Oxford College applicants must have completed their Associate of Arts by the time of enrollment.
Current Emory and Oxford College students should
register as pre-BBAs
to stay informed on pre-BBA matriculation information and events.
As part of, or in addition to, the semester hours required for matriculation, you must complete all BBA prerequisite courses prior to entering the program. If you have received credit for AP/IB coursework for one of these courses and received course credit through Emory, you may use this credit to fulfill the corresponding BBA Program pre-matriculation requirement.
All pre-business students must complete the following:
Economics Requirement
, which may be achieved through any of the following options:
FIN 201 Business Economics (for Emory College students)
ECON 101 Microeconomics OR AP Micro credit, AND ECON 112 Macroeconomics OR AP Macro credit
IB credit for Economics (Higher Level)
Statistical Competency
, as demonstrated by one of the following:
AP Statistics credit
A statistics course in Emory or Oxford College (ECON 220, QTM 100, QTM 110, or an equivalent course by petition)
Successful passage of a statistics exam following completion of an online bootcamp
BUS 350 Data and Decision Analytics
BUS 290 Tech Tools A: Excel
(1 credit)
Note: If a student has test credit for Microeconomics, Macroeconomics, or Statistics (for statistical competency) via AP or IB exams, these courses should not be repeated at Emory. Requires demonstration of statistical competency as per above prior to enrollment.
Intent to matriculate forms for spring enrollment are due in mid- September and forms for fall enrollment are due in early February. Exact  deadlines for the current cycle can be accessed
here
. Confirmation of your matrculation will be shared via email in time to enroll in classes for the subsequent semester.
If your intent to matriculate is received after the deadline for any reason, it will be reviewed on a space-available basis. Please contact the BBA Program Office if you miss the deadline.
The BBA Program Intent to Matriculate process requires submission of:
Matriculation form
Official transcripts from all institutions attended outside of Emory or Oxford (if applicable)
Note that the form is semester specific. Ensure that you are using the current
matriculation request
Intent to matriculate forms for Spring enrollment are due in mid-September and forms for Fall enrollment are due in early February.  Exact deadlines for the current cycle can be accessed here.
If you intend to take a leave of absence after acceptance - but prior to entering the BBA Program - please contact the BBA Program Office at 404-727-8106.
Ready to
Get Started?
Access information on how to matriculate and upcoming deadlines.
Begin Intent to Matriculate Process
Accreditation
Emory University is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACSCOC) to award associate, baccalaureate, master's, doctorate, and professional degrees. Questions about the accreditation of Emory University may be directed in writing to the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges at 1866 Southern Lane, Decatur, GA 30033-4097, by calling (404) 679-4500, or by using information available on
SACSCOC’s website
.
Clery Report
Emory University’s Annual Security Report, Annual Fire Safety Report, and Statement of Campus Security Policy contains important crime statistics for all of Emory's campuses; as well as, information pertaining to security policies, sex and gender-based harassment, discrimination policies, and alcohol/drug and other policies, fire statistics, fire safety, and a comprehensive description of resources available to assist the campus community. View the
report online
or in
PDF format
. To obtain a paper copy of this report, please contact the Emory Police Department (EPD) at 404-727-6115. The report is published annually by Emory in accordance with the federal Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act) and the Higher Education Opportunity Act.