URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/undergraduate-business-degree/academic-pathways
TITLE: BBA Majors Concentrations | Emory University Goizueta Business School

BBA Academic
Pathways
In this Section
Engage Your Whole Self
Learn While You
Make A Difference
To get the most out of your experience at Goizueta, be curious and come ready to roll up your sleeves and dig deep. We commit to preparing you not only for your dream job after graduation, but for the opportunities and challenges that lie ahead. The BBA curriculum was created to equip you with foundational knowledge and expand your critical thinking skills. Your Goizueta education gives you the opportunity to solve actual problems for corporate clients, manage existing investment portfolios, build a business from the ground up, and get the chance to engage with guest speakers and alumni who are changing the world.
Academic Pathways
As a BBA student, you will have many opportunities to pursue pathways based on your intellectual passions, academic interests, and professional goals.  These include the opportunity to develop one or multiple areas of functional expertise through area depths in the business school as well as the opportunity to earn a dual BBA and master’s degree on an accelerated basis. Students may also tap into the full range of undergraduate offerings in Emory College through a second major, a minor, or a collaborative concentration.
Functional area depths reflect Goizueta’s core academic areas and align to traditional functions of business. These include:
Accounting
Finance
Information Systems & Operations Management
Marketing
Organization & Management
You can find more information on these area depths
here
.
In order to equip BBAs to meet the challenges of a fast-changing and globally integrated world, the faculty has designed cross-functional depths that make use of a range of electives from across academic areas.  Interdisciplinary depths allow students to benefit from additional directed choices that provide focused study but integrated thinking.  These include:
Analytic Consulting (sunset with the Class of 2025)
Business Analytics
Business & Society
Consulting
Entrepreneurship
International Business
Real Estate
You can find more information on these area depths
here
.
Concentrations represent collaborative focused offerings between Emory College and the Goizueta Business School. An integrated set of curricular offerings provides knowledge, hands-on skills, and industry insights for College and BBA students interested in pursuing one of the fields in which they are offered. Concentrations include:
Arts Management
Environmental Management
Film & Media Management
Health Innovation
Business Beyond Borders
You can find more information about our collaborative Concentrations
here
.  In addition to the Concentrations above, Goizueta offers a
BBA+QSS secondary major
.
We offer two joint degree options that enable you to combine your career interests and advance your knowledge and skills by earning both a Bachelors and master’s degree at Goizueta. We additionally offer a partnership opportunity to earn both a BBA and an undergraduate engineering degree from Georgia Tech.
Bachelor of Business Administration/Master in Accounting
Bachelor of Business Administration/Master in Business Analytics
(BBA/MSBA)
Bachelor of Business Administration/Bachelor of Science in Engineering from Georgia Tech
(BBA, BS)
BBA
Academics
Michelle He 22BBA
"My professors, advisors, and peers pushed me to holistically think about business, boldly question everything, and above all, always prioritize integrity and impact."
Read More
Spencer Kahn 24BBA
"The BBA Program has an extremely collaborative culture. If you ever find yourself struggling with a concept, class, or assignment, it is easy to find a friend that is willing to lend a hand."
Read More
Ria Puri 23BBA
"Throughout my time at Goizueta, celebration was a key element that got us through the challenging weeks or late nights, reminding us that our hard work is often followed by well-deserved fun."
Read More
Naji Algaal 24BBA
"Goizueta professors structure classes in a way that allows for a practical approach to the theories we study via collaborative case studies, presentations, and projects."
Read More
Khegan Meyers 24BBA
"You may not see recognition in the moment, but when you come back in a few years, you can point at something and know you helped with that effort."
Read More
Nyah Bruce 24BBA
"My business knowledge helps me add structure to my writing, and my improving writing skills help me become a better business communicator."
Read More
Student
Perspectives
"Through coursework and client work and everything in between during my business studies, I’ve learned how to challenge myself to accept ambiguity and to trust that through initiative and insight, answers will come."
Grace Cleland 18BBA, Customer & Marketing Strategy Analyst at Deloitte Consulting
"Emory has made great strides in encouraging students to pursue their entrepreneurial spirit, and I’m excited to see how it continues to develop."
David Zander 15BBA, Senior Analyst at Quilvest Private Equity
"At Goizueta, I realized that business was about using my skill set to create opportunity."
Brandon Walker 16BBA, Consultant at The Boston Consulting Group
Read More
“I’m in a marketing job, but I partner with sales, supply chain, finance, legal, research, and development — everything we learned about in class — every single day.”
Meredith Hork 06BBA, Senior Marketing Manager at PepsiCo
"Goizueta constantly forced me to think about problems differently, which allowed me to expand my way of thinking and question some of my previously held assumptions regarding the business world."
Jason Wedge 19BBA, Investment Banking Analyst at Bank of America
Become an International Player
In today's international economy, distance is shrinking. It's why we produce students who enter the workforce ready to do business on a global scale. With that in mind, we have developed opportunities for global learning that go beyond your expectations. Whether you are studying business model innovation law in Stockholm or learning the ins and outs of international finance in South Korea, you'll have enriching experiences that take learning beyond the traditional.
International Opportunities
International Opportunities
Exchange Study
Goizueta partners with more than 45 business schools around the world to bring 100+ international exchange students to campus.
Learn More
Internships Abroad
Apply problem-solving skills and tackle worldwide business issues with an internship outside the United States.
Learn More
Study Abroad
Live and study in a foreign country for a semester or participate in an international study trip.
Learn More