URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/undergraduate-business-degree
TITLE: BBA Bachelor Degree | Emory University Goizueta Business School

Undergraduate Business
BBA
PROGRAM
Goizueta's undergraduate business program supports students as they grow intellectually, personally, and professionally so that they feel enabled, empowered, and motivated to make significant positive contributions to the organizations they serve and to society as a whole.
In this Section
Break Free from Constraints
Business Built
For Anywhere
If you are looking for a transformational educational experience—one that will increase your ability to analyze and solve real-world business problems, build your capacity to relate to others, expand self-knowledge, and embrace challenge and ambiguity—we are ready to guide you on your journey.
Students
Employed
Class of 2025 accepted offers within 3 months of graduation
BBA Students Receive
Coaching & Professional Development
BBA Class of 2025
completed a major or minor in Emory College
Explore Goizueta
play
Why Choose Emory BBA
Get a glimpse into the BBA experience and what makes Goizueta special.
Matriculate to Goizueta
Emory undergraduate students may matriculate to the BBA program once they have sophomore standing and have completed BBA pre-requisites. High school students will need to apply directly to Emory University through the main Admissions Office.
Apply
Consultations
High school students and students newly admitted to Emory interested in business can meet one-on-one with our BBA Matriculation team.
Schedule
Building Relationships
BBA Orientation Retreat
Students joining the BBA program attend an overnight orientation. The overnight retreat is designed to facilitate students’ transition into the BBA program while beginning the process of building leadership capacities like resilience, interdependence, and the ability to cope with risk and ambiguity.
Students Learn from Entrepreneur Alumni and Compete in Pitch Contest at 8th Annual Entrepreneurship Summit
The Emory Entrepreneurship Summit educates and inspires students, alumni, and community partners through interactive workshops, noteworthy speakers, and networking opportunities. The 2024 Summit kicked off with a fireside chat with Cyril Berdugo 11BBA, co-founder and CEO of Landis, which helps Americans reach the goal of homeownership through tailored coaching and a unique rent-to-own model.
Read More
Tapestry CEO Victor Luis Shares Key Values with UBSLC Attendees
Perspective. In the fashion industry, which is built upon a tendency to value what’s new, perspective is refreshed constantly. However, to build a brand that is not only current and expressive, but also enduring requires core values that serve as a framework against an iterative process, providing direction and grounding.
Leading the industry in this regard is Victor Luis. As the dynamic CEO of Tapestry, he has created this global house of modern luxury lifestyle brands comprised of Kate Spade, Coach and Stuart Weitzman.
Read More
BBA Program Launches Reimagined Curriculum
Following an intensive, faculty-led design thinking process, the BBA Program launched a reconceptualized curriculum in 2023 that provides our students with the ability to thrive in an increasingly data-driven world. This curriculum is currently helping students build their competencies as they pursue individualized academic journeys.
Read More
BBAs Engage in Experiential Learning Through Philanthropy Course
In the five years since Goizueta launched its Philanthropy Lab course, more than $400,000 in grants have been awarded to Atlanta-based nonprofits.  In the course, students form “mini foundations” that are challenged to identify and make grants to Atlanta-based nonprofits in order to address inequity in innovative ways. Thirteen community organizations received grants in 2024.
Read More
BBA Alumni Pitch Their Innovations on Shark Tank
BBA students can hone their pitching skills throughout the year in various ways, including Pitch the Professors, a competition in which student start-ups can present their businesses to expert professors for feedback, an annual Emory Entrepreneurship Summit, and the HackATL hackathon. Check out some Goizueta alumni who made the cut on Shark Tank.
Read More
BBA
Career Services
At the BBA Career Management Center, we are here to provide you with the direction you need to find your optimal path to success in the business world and to coach you about how to tailor your time in school to meet these goals.
BBA CMC
From the
BBAs
"Goizueta facilitates leadership development by providing an incredible amount of opportunities for students to get involved, and I have felt that development since stepping on campus freshman year."
Kevin Kim 21BBA, Alternatives and Institutional Strategy Intern at Invesco US
"Goizueta has created an atmosphere that is genuine, supportive, innovative, and inspiring."
Georgia Kossoff 18BBA, Associate Consultant Intern at Bain & Company
Read More
"I never thought so much of my business school education would take place outside of the classroom."
Ashwini Krishnamurthy 19BBA, Analyst at Centerview Partners
"When I came to Goizueta, I was pleased to learn how impactful businesses can be in solving systemic problems and how much they are already doing to create positive change."
Nyah Bruce 24BBA
"Goizueta has provided me with an undeniably strong foundation in business fundamentals. It has taught me how to solve problems, and, moreover, that understanding people is a necessity to understand problems."
Jonathan Ross 24BBA
Latest
BBA News
April 12, 2026
Goizueta Students Build AI Chatbot for Real-World Legal Impact
March 26, 2026
A Witness to History, A Teacher for Generations: Major General Perry Smith Marks 35 Years at Goizueta
March 23, 2026
Goizueta BBA Program Ranked Top 10 Nationally by Poets & Quants
March 18, 2026
98 Percent of Goizueta’s 2025 BBA Graduates Received Job Offers Within Three Months
March 13, 2026
How Emory’s Sustainable Business Group is Partnering with Delta Air Lines and Leading the Way in Student Consulting
March 1, 2026
Meet Ajar Rajbhandary: Building Brands by Owning the Outcome
February 27, 2026
Women’s History Month: Celebrating Leadership, Innovation, and Impact Across Goizueta
February 19, 2026
No Perfect Decks: Goizueta Alumni on the Reality of Building a Business
February 10, 2026
Communicating Through Change with Cox Communications
February 10, 2026
Emory’s 40 Under Forty Honors Four Goizueta Alumni
February 8, 2026
For Startups, AI is Everything, Everywhere, All at Once
December 31, 2025
The Best Stories of 2025 from Goizueta Business School