URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/undergraduate-business-degree/academic-pathways/dual-degrees
TITLE: BBA Joint and Dual Degree Options | Emory University Goizueta Business School

Undergraduate Business
Joint and
Dual Degrees
In this Section
Twice the Interest,
Twice the Impact
BBA joint and dual degrees provide unique opportunities for undergraduate business degree students to pursue additional academic experiences and to earn an undergraduate and a master's degree at Goizueta within 4.5 years.
Designed for current Goizueta BBA students, opportunity awaits when you combine the
Master of Accounting
with any Goizueta BBA undergraduate depth. Whether as a corporate executive, public accountant, consultant, entrepreneur, investment banker, or more, join the ranks of leaders across the globe with savvy accounting expertise! With a 99% employment rate, supercharge your career with Goizueta’s best-in-class Master of Accounting degree.
The Master of Accounting is awarded as a joint degree with Goizueta’s Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) degree. Students can begin graduate coursework in a wide range of areas requiring accounting expertise, all while completing their undergraduate degree.
Though educational models vary by state, nearly all states require the completion of 150 semester hours of post-secondary education and a baccalaureate degree from an accredited College or university prior to sitting for the CPA examination. Earning the necessary semester hours will likely require a fifth year of formal post-secondary education. The BBA/Master of Accounting program is designed to address this need through master’s level coursework and an internship. This is a joint degree program, and graduates are awarded both degrees at the same time upon completion of all requirements.
The joint BBA/MSBA allows a Goizueta BBA student to complete a joint degree in 4.5 years instead of the typical 4 + 1 year timeframe of completing a BBA and then a
Master of Science in Business Analytics
.
The MSBA is a STEM-credentialed program designed to develop a business data scientist who can speak the language of business, data, and technology. In addition to the regular, stand-alone 10-month program that admits students from all over the world, the MSBA offers BBA students the opportunity to apply to and enroll in a joint BBA/MSBA curriculum.
The joint degree program is structured to permit students to finish both degrees in a compressed time period, typically 4.5 years, requiring one additional semester of coursework. Admission to this joint degree program is reserved for current Goizueta BBA students, and does not require GRE/GMAT scores. Students should apply during their junior year. The senior year will be devoted to the MSBA curriculum, before returning to the BBA program for a final semester.
Successful BBA/MSBA applicants will possess technical and quantitative fluency, typically acquired through significant coursework in advanced calculus, statistics, linear algebra, programming, and databases/SQL as well as other applied math and/or computer science classes.
Pre-Requisites for Admission to the BBA/MSBA Degree
Technology Competency: Fluency in a programming language; in-depth understanding of databases and SQL
Mathematics Competency: Completion of the following courses with a grade of B or higher: Calculus 1, Calculus 2, Statistics
The
Dual Degree Engineering Program
is a partnership between Emory University and Georgia Institute of Technology. The program confers a BBA from Emory and a BS in Engineering from Georgia Tech.
The Dual Degree Engineering Program is sequential and typically takes between five and six years to complete, depending on a variety of factors. The program is open to all Emory College of Arts and Sciences and Oxford College students who meet the requirements. Dual Degree students spend their first three years on campus completing Emory degree requirements. Students may select from any of the undergraduate major options available through Emory College of Arts and Sciences or the Goizueta Business School. Students complete the pre-engineering curriculum while also fulfilling Emory general education requirements and major requirements. When general education requirements, major requirements, and engineering pre-requisite coursework is completed, typically after the Spring semester of the third year, students then transfer to Georgia Tech.
In an increasingly data-driven world, data influences all aspects of society, from our careers to our roles as citizens to our private lives. The business world is at the forefront of this data revolution; to thrive in this environment, you must be able to work with data, draw well-reasoned inferences from it, and effectively communicate your discoveries to broader audiences.
The Institute for Quantitative Theory and Methods (QTM) in Emory College and the Bachelor of Business Administration program in the Goizueta Business School offer a
BBA with a secondary major in QSS
. This partnership couples the rigor of the BBA program with a second major in Quantitative Sciences, and is designed to enhance the quantitative and analytic preparation of students choosing to study business at Emory. The secondary major consists of the core QTM coursework, additional business coursework, and the selection of three QTM electives in topics ranging from advanced statistics, technical writing, data science computing, text analysis, game theory, generalized linear model, time series analysis, to experimental methods and more.
Integrating Data Science and Business
Elena Lopez 18BBA/BS/MSBA
Emory's dual degree opportunities enabled Elena Lopez to integrate her interests in data science and business while completing a BS in Neuroscience at Emory College and BBA and MSBA at Goizueta.