URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/undergraduate-business-degree/curriculum/leadership
TITLE: BBA Leadership Development | Emory University Goizueta Business School

The BBA
Co-Curriculum
In this Section
Holistic
Student Development
Our co-curricular programming supports our goal of developing students as professionals through cognitive, emotional, behavioral, and relational growth.  These opportunities enhance student self-awareness, cultivate each student's personal leadership abilities, and build community within the BBA Program. These distinctive offerings are designed to support student success at Goizueta and in their professional and personal lives beyond.
BUS 290 Tech Tool: Excel
This mini-bootcamp provides students with a baseline set of Excel skills to succeed in the BBA Program, internships, and full-time employment
BUS 390 Tech Tools
Students opt from a menu of additional courses to enhance their analytic and technical skills.  Examples of programs and topics taught include Python, R, SQL, Tableau, Canva, Miro, generative AI, and more!
BUS 381 Personal Development
This first semester course focuses on self-awareness, locus of control, reflection tools, resilience in the face of ambiguity and uncertainty, and journey mapping.
BUS 383 Team & Leadership Dynamics
This second semester courses gives students practice navigating the intricacies of working in teams in unpredictable and changing environments.
360 Assessment & Coaching
During their participation in BUS 383, students engage in self- and peer-assessment, followed by debriefing, reflection, and coaching with their BBA advisor.
BUS 380 Professional Development
This first semester course jump starts students ability to successfully navigate their internship and career search. Students learn about various industries and function and how these align with their personal interests.  They refine their cover letters and resumes, practice networking and interviewing, and create lists of target companies to engage in effective outreach.
BUS 480 Senior Seminars
These seminars allow students to learn from and interact with experienced practitioners, and to develop industry-specific insights, fine-tune career skills, and increase professional exposure.
BBA Orientation
Our signature orientation programming not only introduces incoming students to our program and resources, it provides an opportunity for students to build relationships, practice their teamwork skills, experience risk taking, and effectively transition into professional learning.
BUS 300 BBA Boardroom
Our hallmark Boardroom course gathers a small cohort of BBAs together consistently throughout their time in the program, building community, engagement, and cohesion while connecting students to each other and to resources at Goizueta.
BBA Council
The BBA Council serves as the student government of the BBA Program. The BBA Council is charged with governance over and providing support to BBA clubs, advocacy on behalf of BBA students, and creating programming to build and strengthen community within the BBA Program. The BBA Council has elected and appointed positions available for BBA students; elections and interviews are held in the spring semester for the following academic year. The BBA Council is responsible for carrying on a beloved Goizueta tradition of a community kegs gathering every Thursday afternoon, as well as planning programming, study breaks, and other engagement opportunities for BBA students.
Learn More
BBA
Recent Grads
Vaidehi Govindraj 24BBA
"Goizueta professors make it a point to update their curricula to ensure that students have the tools they need to tackle the most current and pressing problems across the corporate landscape."
Read More
Ethan Smith 23BBA
Read More
Kara Swain 24BBA
"Goizueta students support, challenge, and constantly seek to better each other and emerge as trusted classmates and friends."
Read More