URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/undergraduate-business-degree/life
TITLE: BBA Atlanta Student Life | Emory University Goizueta Business School

Student
Life
In this Section
The World Is Our Classroom
Learn. Develop. Act.
It’s the BBA Way
Our mission is to help each of our BBA students grow intellectually, personally, and professionally. To that end, we push you out into the world. You’ll be in class with students from around the globe. Travel to far-off parts to experience business as it is, or to imagine how it could be. Tap into all that Atlanta’s dynamic business community has to offer and connect to the countless business professionals who visit Goizueta to share their insights. All the while, you’ll be part of our community of vibrant students, supportive professors, and unbelievably committed alumni, all of whom will enhance your perspectives and augment your experiences.
Making an Impact at Emory
play
The Goizueta BBA helps students grow intellectually, personally, and professionally so that they feel enabled, empowered, and motivated to make significant positive contributions to the organizations they serve and to society as a whole. Student initiatives provide opportunities for hands-on learning experiences outside of the classroom as well as career exploration and leadership development.
Leadership Opportunities
You will also have the opportunity to gain leadership experience in organizations and clubs across the university. We are proud to note that Goizueta hosts the largest student-run business leadership conference in the country, which brings over 100 student leaders and some of the world's most respected global business thinkers to campus for workshops, lectures, networking, and case competitions.
Goizueta believes that individual development and personal growth is most effectively achieved over time, experientially, and through multiple venues. Leadership is important at all levels of an organization, requiring a varied repertoire of styles and competencies. Our goal is to enhance not only your cognitive capabilities, but also your social, behavioral, and emotional skills. These four interconnected dimensions are embedded in the positive values and principles that support and inform the entire Goizueta community.
Aiden Buettgen 23BBA
"The members of the BBA community consistently challenged and inspired me, both inside and outside the classroom. "
Read More
RJ Graulich 24BBA
"My experiences throughout the BBA Program at Goizueta solidified my passion for servant leadership."
Read More
Thomas Heagy 22BBA
"Goizueta provides unparalleled access to best-in-class professors, many of whom have led illustrious careers in the business world."
Read More
Clubs & Activities
Goizueta offers a wide range of student clubs, interest groups, and fun activities such as our annual ski trip. You’ll build upon your experiences in the classroom and create lifelong skills and friendships.
Learn More
Emory: A Part of Something Bigger
Emory is working collectively and comprehensively on all aspects of the student experience. You’ll have countless opportunities to participate in Emory student life and academic opportunities.
Learn More
Atlanta: A Vibrant, Global Community
Bounding with endless energy and enthusiasm, big city sophistication and warm, southern hospitality, metro Atlanta is one of the world's favorite destinations. Few places anywhere combine Atlanta Metro's ability to blend its diverse populations into a seamless melding of southern tradition with profound and new ideas.
Learn More
Student
Perspectives
"Every week, the entire BBA class is invited to attend KEGS, a social event with a theme, food, and drinks. This has been a fabulous end to the week as well as a welcomed opportunity to relax with my classmates and professors."
Ashley Daniels 19BBA, Finance Analyst at SunTrust
"Through formal or informal mentorship, club experience, CMC guidance or on campus resources, Goizueta has supported me in purusing my career goal."
Kevin Kim 21BBA, Alternatives and Institutional Strategy Intern at Invesco US
"I was surprised by the accessibility of faculty and staff. I remember a time when I reached out to my program dean about an idea I had and received a response and meeting the very next day."
Jay Krishnaswamy 19BBA, Management Consulting Associate at PwC
"Whether it be through group projects, attending K.E.G.S. with friends, or participating in the BBA Retreat, I have always appreciated seeing familiar faces through the BBA Program, many of whom have become my closest friends."
Lori Steffel 21BBA, Summer Analyst at SunTrust
"After joining my Freshman year, Alpha Kappa Psi Business Fraternity has surrounded me with driven, bright students that always strive to do more. These people have become my not only my best friends at Emory but friends for a lifetime."
Hugh O'Neil 21BBA, Junior Analyst at SkyWorks Capital
Paula Zwillich
Director, Student Life and Engagement
Contact Paula at 404-727-0245
Email
Visit the BBA
Student Portal
Relevant student announcements, curriculum, events, and advising details for current Goizueta BBAs.
BBA Student Portal
Latest
BBA News
April 12, 2026
Goizueta Students Build AI Chatbot for Real-World Legal Impact
March 26, 2026
A Witness to History, A Teacher for Generations: Major General Perry Smith Marks 35 Years at Goizueta
March 23, 2026
Goizueta BBA Program Ranked Top 10 Nationally by Poets & Quants
March 18, 2026
98 Percent of Goizueta’s 2025 BBA Graduates Received Job Offers Within Three Months
March 13, 2026
How Emory’s Sustainable Business Group is Partnering with Delta Air Lines and Leading the Way in Student Consulting
March 1, 2026
Meet Ajar Rajbhandary: Building Brands by Owning the Outcome
February 27, 2026
Women’s History Month: Celebrating Leadership, Innovation, and Impact Across Goizueta
February 19, 2026
No Perfect Decks: Goizueta Alumni on the Reality of Building a Business
February 10, 2026
Communicating Through Change with Cox Communications
February 10, 2026
Emory’s 40 Under Forty Honors Four Goizueta Alumni
February 8, 2026
For Startups, AI is Everything, Everywhere, All at Once
December 31, 2025
The Best Stories of 2025 from Goizueta Business School