URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/undergraduate-business-degree/life/atlanta
TITLE: Living in Atlanta, Georgia | Emory University Goizueta Business School

A Dynamic, Global City
Life in
Atlanta
In this Section
BIG BUSINESS
AND BEYOND
Bold, welcoming, dynamic, diverse, and thoroughly innovative. More than 75% of the Fortune 1000 companies have a presence in the Atlanta area with 18 Fortune 500 companies headquartered there (think The Home Depot, UPS, Delta, The Coca-Cola Company). It’s also one of the country’s top tech hubs, a global FinTech capital, and has a thriving startup community. Goizueta is connected to it all – and you will be too. If you’re ready to learn how to be a business innovator in a global city, this is it. Go disrupt. Go create. Go reimagine. Go innovate.
A Global Commerce Capital
Ground Zero for Logistics
Georgia is home to the largest shipping port on the East Coast, the largest single container terminal in all of North America, and the second busiest container exporter in the country.
Tomorrow’s Tech Mecca
One of the country’s top tech industry hubs. According to Forbes, Atlanta is one of the U.S. cities poised to be “Tomorrow’s Tech Mecca” that just might put Silicon Valley on the back burner.
Big (For) Business
Metro Atlanta ranks third in the nation for Fortune 1000 companies and fifth for Inc. 5000 headquarters — and is home to 220 of the nation’s fastest-growing private companies according to Inc. Magazine.
ONE CITY,
MANY EXPERIENCES
The Cultural Capital of the South
Atlanta is at the center of the South. With a thriving music scene, an exponentially growing movie industry, world-renowned restaurants and breweries, beloved sports teams, artists both emerging and established, and an ever-growing diverse population, Atlanta isn’t just the cultural hub of the South, it’s becoming a major cultural hub in the U.S.
Learn More
Where City and Nature Coexists
This isn't a concrete jungle. While there are sidewalks and buildings a-plenty, this city still manages to keep its canopy and green spaces thriving. Forests, national parks, rivers, mountains — Atlanta has it all. Its blend of city and serenity makes it the best of both worlds.
Learn More
A Place to Really Live
With average rent prices much lower than other cities, the best thing about living in Atlanta is that you’ll have the financial freedom to truly enjoy all it has to offer. Take a visit and experience Atlanta for yourself.
Learn More
Miles of outdoor
Multi-use trails
(for the outdoorsy types)
James Beard Award
Semifinalists
(for the foodies)
Concert & Live
Music venues
(for the music lovers)
25 Things to Do
in Atlanta
Enjoy nature in the middle of the city at the
Atlanta Botanical Garden
.
Head to
Ponce City Market
and
Krog Street Market
for the best food hall fare.
Be ready to answer What’ll ya have? at
the Varsity
.
Visit the home of
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr
.
Swim with whale sharks at
Georgia Aquarium
.
Sample some hard-to-find Coke varieties on the
World of Coke
tour.
Catch a game at
Truist Park
,
Mercedes-Benz Stadium
, and
State Farm Arena
.
See a show at the Fabulous
Fox Theatre
.
People watch at the
Little Five Points Halloween Parade
.
Find your alma mater at the
College Football Hall of Fame
.
Stroll the
Atlanta Beltline
. Or bike it. Or skate it.
March with stormtroopers at the
DragonCon parade
.
Tour permanent collections and visiting exhibits at the
High Museum of Art
Hooray for Y’allywood!
Tour studios and locations
from major TV & film productions like Black Panther, The Avengers, Stranger Things, & more.
Visit former
President Jimmy Carter’s oval office
.
Throw a frisbee at
Piedmont Park
.
Celebrate Y’all Means All at
Atlanta Pride
.
Shoot the ‘Hooch
(go tubing, rafting, or kayaking down the Chattahoochee River).
Run the
Peachtree Road Race
. The T-shirts are collector's items!
Explore authentic cuisine from around the world along
Buford Highway
.
Explore Emory’s campus with a
Clue Town
scavenger hunt!
Drive fast - really fast – at the
Porsche Experience Center
.
See original and rare Jim Henson Muppets the
Center for Puppetry Arts.
Land a Boeing 737 at the
Delta Flight Museum
Simulator.
Ride the ferris wheel at
SkyView Atlanta
.
And when you’re ready to explore, the
Blue Ridge Mountains
are calling and
Georgia beaches
await you.
Toggle text
right-arrow
BIG CITY,
EVEN BIGGER OPPORTUNITIES
With Atlanta as our home, our students benefit from a world of opportunities right on their doorstep. From Fortune 500s to small start-ups to nonprofits, our students are exposed to it all. And we’re lucky enough to have long-term partnerships with some of the biggest names around — Delta, FedEx, Coca-Cola, just to name a few. These partnerships allow our students to get first-hand experience through internships, guests speakers, and class projects.
Fortune 1000s
in Atlanta
18 Fortune 500 HQs
City for Young
Entrepreneurs
(by Forbes)
City in the World
for FinTech
# of companies & # of transactions
Select
Corporate Partners