URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/undergraduate-business-degree/summer-online
TITLE: BBA Summer Online Courses | Emory University Goizueta Business School

BBA Online
Summer Courses
Expand
Your Horizons
Online summer courses offer the perfect opportunity to get ahead and prepare for the next step in your academic career. Many undergraduates use the summer to augment their credit hours, explore areas of interest and develop business skills, or make progress towards BBA or business minor requirements. BBA summer courses are open to all Emory undergraduate as well as undergraduates from other U.S. colleges and universities.
BBA
Core Courses
BBA
Elective Courses
Summer Enrollment Details
Registration is open now
Courses for Summer 2026 are available for enrollment.
All courses offered online
With the exception of the international short course, all Summer courses will be virtual.
Synchronous attendance required
Course times listed represent synchronous (live) class sessions requiring attendance. For courses with meeting times shorter than three hours, coursework will also include asynchronous content.
Maximum Summer Course Load
Students may enroll in up to three Summer Session 1 courses, or one Maymester and one Summer Session 1 course.
Online Courses
Summer 2026
ACT 410 Legal Environment of Business (Core)
Professor Allison Burdette
First Session (May 15-Jun 24)
MWF 6:30-8:30pm and Th 6:30-7:30pm
3 Credit Hours
This course is an intensive study of topics illustrating the social, ethical, economic, and political considerations which create the legal environment as it affects business. You will learn how our legal system operate in a context that will help you to understand news, politics, and current events. You'll study how business obligations arise and learn practical advice for you personally and for any business obligations in the future. You will learn how to protect yourself from liability and what your rights are. You will also understand environmental debates in the news. Finally, you will gain a basic understanding of different business organization forms to help you think about starting a business.
Topics to be covered include: the American legal system, contracts, the Uniform Commercial Code, property rights, government regulation, and various forms of business organization
Emory Student Registration
Non-Emory Student Registration
FIN 320 Corporate Finance (Core)
Professor Shankar Ramachandran
First Session (May 15 - Jun 24)
T/TH 6-9:15pm
3 Credit Hours
This course provides an introduction to finance. It addresses the theory and practice of financial management and the generation and allocation of resources. It has three major objectives: 1. To provide you with a foundation in the basic concepts of finance, including the time value of money, the role of financial markets, asset valuation, portfolio theory, asset pricing, and the risk-return tradeoff. 2. To develop your skills in financial analysis, planning, and decision-making. 3. To expand your awareness of institutions and practices in business and finance.
Emory Student Registration
Non-Emory Student Registration
FIN 485 Entrepreneurial Private Equity (Elective)
Professor Klaas Baks
Maymester (May 12-29)
M-Th 5-6:30pm
3 Credit Hours
This course is designed for students interested in better understanding (i) how the private equity industry works, (ii) how to structure the acquisition of a business and (iii) how to make money by leveraging key value drivers in a business. Unlike traditional courses, this course takes a unique approach by bringing in leading experts and practitioners to provide industry perspectives for almost every class. More information at
www.emoryprof.com
.
View a video about the course with Prof. Baks
here
!
Emory Student Registration
Non-Emory Student Registration
ISOM 351 Process & Systems Management (Core)
Professor Anna Errore
Maymester (May 12-29)
M-Th 3-6pm
3 Credit Hours
This course provides a comprehensive
introduction to analyzing, running, and improving business operations regardless of industry.  The concepts taught in this course apply broadly to management activities in areas from medicine to entertainment, and are specifically suited to
assisting in the daily operations of the wide variety of other professional services that dominate the economy (e.g. financial management, law,
marketing, consulting, etc.)
View a video about the course with Prof. Errore
here
!
Emory Student Registration
Non-Emory Student Registration
MKT 340 Marketing Management (Core)
Professor Maximillian Gaerth
Maymester (May 12-29)
M-F 9:30am-12:30pm
3 Credit Hours
This is the introductory marketing course designed to
familiarize students with the practice of marketing in a
modern business environment. It takes as its starting point students’ every-day observations of marketing activity (e.g., advertisements and retailing) and explains the network of activities and concepts that guide these programs. Students will acquire an understanding of the marketing process.
Emory Student Registration
Non-Emory Student Registration
OAM 330 Organization & Management (Core/Flex Core)
Professor Emily Bianchi
Maymester (May 12 - May 29)
M, T, W, TH 12:30-3pm
3 Credit Hours
Presents and integrates materials from organization and applied behavioral sciences to create a solid foundation for further study of the dynamics of management, as practiced now and with a view to the future.
Emory Student Registration
Non-Emory Student Registration
OAM 333 Sports Management (Elective Abroad)
International Short Course in Vienna (May 19-29)
M-F 9am-5pm
3 Credit Hours
This is a 2-week course offered in person at the Vienna University of Economics and Business.  Enrollment is limited to 15 Goizueta BBAs and a $1,000 deposit must be made that will subsequently be applied to tuition.  Contact Libby Egnor at
megnor@emory.edu
regarding the deposit.
Sport, Management, and Finance: An Integrated Perspective
Managerial competencies and financial knowledge are key drivers of success for every organizational endeavor in sports.  This course will provide an understanding of key managerial and financial concepts in sports, how to apply them in a sports context, and strategies for a successful implementation in a variety of settings.
Students will engage in a mix of academic learning and social activities, along with cultural experiences.  Mornings will focus on the academic classroom with afternoons including a variety of activities aimed at helping students discover the city and connect with each other.
Transient Students
For Undergraduates from other U.S. colleges & universities
Undergraduates from other U.S. colleges and universities may apply to be a non-degree seeking transient student. The student's home institution determines if the credits will be accepted and how they will be applied. Transient students should consult with their home institution prior to summer registration.
View Details
Courtesy Scholarships
For Dependents of Emory Employees
Dependents of a current Emory employee may be eligible for the Emory Employee Courtesy Scholarship. The Courtesy Scholarship is applied to the academic fee (tuition). Emory employees who qualify for the Courtesy Scholarship benefit may apply that discount towards the tuition of their child/dependent enrolled in credit-bearing undergraduate course work. Employees should consult Emory Human Resources to find out if they qualify for a courtesy benefit.
View Details
Policies &
Procedures
NOTE: Transient students must notify the Goizueta Registrar if they no longer plan to attend.
ADD/DROP/SWAP
Add/Drop/Swap for Maymester ends on the first day of classes, May 12, 2026.
Add/Drop/Swap for Summer Session 1 ends on May 19, 2026.
COURSE LOAD
BBAs are permitted to take up to one Maymester course and Summer Session 1 course, or up to three Summer Session 1 courses.  Please note that this policy differs for
College students
.
WITHDRAWALS
Maymester: Cancel on or before May 12, 2026 for full tuition refund.  Cancel after May 13, 2026 for prorated tuition refund according to the refund schedule set by Student Financial Services. Students who wish to withdraw from a Maymester course after May 12, 2026 must request permission from the BBA Program Office.
Session 1: Cancel on or before May 19, 2026 for full tuition refund.  Cancel after May 19, 2026 for prorated tuition refund according to the refund schedule set by Student Financial Services.
Please note: Summer 2026 tuition adjustment dates will be set and released by
Student Accounts and Billing Office
later this spring.
COURSE CHANGES/CANCELLATIONS
Please note that course offerings are subject to change/cancellation. Sometimes courses are cancelled or sections combined due to low enrollment or on the need of the faculty. If a course is cancelled, students will be given the opportunity to enroll in an available course. Students will be notified of course changes/cancellation at the earliest opportunity.
FINANCIAL AID
Financial aid
eligibility
Enrolled in at least six hours
Students enrolled in a Maymester course are considered for aid even if only enrolled in one summer course
Oxford College graduates who are eligible to continue to Emory College or Oxford College students will be considered.
Note: Oxford College does not award financial aid for summer term to current Oxford College students.
Application
: A separate summer financial aid application is not necessary. Emory students who enroll for at least six (6) semester hours will be emailed when their summer award is ready to view in
OPUS
.
Enrollment
: Students should enroll in the total number of hours or courses they intend to take during the entire summer term.
To be eligible for federal or institutional aid, you must be enrolled for at least six hours OR be enrolled in a Maymester course. The summer financial aid award cycle begins mid to late spring. A separate summer financial aid application is not necessary. Financial Aid will email students when their summer award is ready to view in
OPUS
. Check
OPUS
to ensure that you email address is correct.
You will be notified by email when your financial award letter is ready to view in
OPUS
.
Toggle text
right-arrow
Enrollment Questions?
Contact us for more details
Email
Financial Aid
Emory students may be eligible for financial aid during summer.
Details
Summer Session Costs
$2,096 per credit hour + $75 technology fee + $130 health and wellness fee
More Info