URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/undergraduate-business-degree/life/clubs
TITLE: BBA Student Clubs | Emory University Goizueta Business School

Clubs &
Activities
In this Section
2025-2026
BBA Council
The BBA Council allocates funding and provides oversight for all the BBA clubs and plans events ranging from weekly "Kegs in the Courtyard" to monthly social activities and study breaks. Students are encouraged to engage with the council by running for office, spearheading an initiative, or taking a leadership role in a BBA club.
Sydney Song
Simon Stumbris
Alina Rahim
Joseph Lim
Emory Bozzuti
Oliver Li
Matt Hightower
Antonia Arze Sumar
Simran Gohel
Rebekah Hong
Karenna Khant
Lyla Velez
Myrka Perez-Ochoa
JT Rattigan
Ashley Kim
Eric Suster
Maryam Ahmed
Brett Fortier
Sofia Trecenti
Kieran Rafferty
Lira Liu
Andrei Tudor
Creating Opportunity and Community
The Voice of
BBA Students
The BBA Council is the governing body for all BBA students. Your council is elected each year to represent the needs of the students and to serve as your voice in enabling and enhancing professional, social, and academic opportunities.
180 Degrees Consulting
180 Degrees Consulting is the world's largest volunteer consultancy, with chapters across 81 universities worldwide. Come to our information session to learn more about the Emory branch of 180DC and the clients we're working with this semester!
Algory Capital
As the first student-managed quantitative investment fund at Emory University and one of the largest in the United States with $100k of the Emory endowment under management, Algory Capital provides students a unique opportunity to gain experience in quantitative finance through the research, development, and utilization of statistical models and trading algorithms across a variety of equity sectors and asset classes.
Alpha Kappa Psi
Alpha Kappa Psi is a professional co-ed business fraternity founded in 1904 with the purpose of developing its members into principled business leaders. Alpha Kappa Psi at Emory (Alpha Chi chapter) was originally chartered in 1926 but left campus in 1951. In 2006, a group of dedicated brothers brought back the chapter as it is today. Since then, we have grown to over 80 members and have a healthy pledge class of 15-20 every semester. Our brothers include students passionate about a wide variety of academic fields, career interests, and extracurricular activities.
Alternative Investments Group (AIG)
The Alternative Investments Group (AIG) is a club meant to promote the knowledge of the alternative investments industry among Goizueta students. We bring in speakers from hedge funds, private equity and venture capital firms, and other areas of finance to educate students on the intricacies of their jobs and industries. AIG connects this group of firms, known as the buyside, to students to facilitate career paths outside of the traditional routes of banking and consulting.
Ascend
Ascend aims to help all students develop their professional skills in the business field and further assist students to position themselves in the business world through recruiting activities and workshops.
Association of Latino Professionals of America
The Emory chapter of the Association of Latino Professionals for America (ALPFA) works to empower and develop Latinx students as leaders of character for the nation, in every sector of the global economy. ALPFA grants its members access to professional development workshops, community service events, and a vast network of leaders. Our chapter and national network, which include hundreds of university chapters and thousands of Fortune 500 professionals, provide invaluable support and mentorship.
Atlas Consulting Group
Atlas Consulting Group (ACG) is one of Emory’s largest student business organizations, providing consulting services to a collection of Fortune 500 corporations, rising start-ups, and other for-profit companies. Students engage in an intensive learning opportunity that affords firsthand business experience, forms lasting relationships, and lands great jobs. To learn about opportunities as 1st-year, sophomore, or junior, visit emoryacg.org.
BBA Council
The BBA Council functions as the student government of the BBA Program. The BBA Council is charged with governance over and providing support to BBA clubs, advocacy on behalf of BBA students, and creating programming to build and strengthen community within the BBA Program. The BBA Council has elected and appointed positions available for BBA students; elections and interviews are held in the spring semester for the following academic year. The BBA Council is responsible for carrying on a beloved Goizueta tradition every Thursday afternoon, as well as planning programming, study breaks, and other engagement opportunities for BBA students.
Beta Alpha Psi
Being a member of Beta Alpha Psi Epsilon Upsilon Chapter means being a part of a tightly knit organization driven by the goal of helping one another succeed. As an international honor organization, BAP promotes the study and practice of accounting, finance, and information systems. BAP provides unique opportunities for self-development, service, and association among members and practicing professionals!
Consult Your Community (CYC)
CYC is a national nonprofit organization that provides pro-bono consulting services to low-income and minority-owned small businesses and nonprofits. Through this process, students gain hands-on business experience and develop skills that prepare them for their future careers, while also helping their local communities thrive. At Emory, we have worked with 17 businesses in a variety of industries including technology, food and drink, and nonprofits.
Emory Business Ethics
We provide students with a forum for open discussion and evaluation about the role that ethics play in business decisions. On campus we host panels, case competitions, lunch n learns, etc. to discuss current events and educate business school students about everyday situations regarding fairness, responsibility and transparency in businesses.
Emory Impact Investing Group (EIIG)
Lack of "micro-enterprises" is a key differentiator between upper and lower income communities. As Emory's only undergraduate impact investing group, Emory Impact Investing Group (EIIG) is uniquely positioned to improve the economic vitality of Atlanta by tackling this micro-business gap. EIIG provides loans to local entrepreneurs who do not have access to traditional sources capital. In addition to the loan, EIIG's students provide free consulting services for the entrepreneur to address key challenges for their business, ensure their financial health, and form partnerships within the community. EIIG provides an educational experience for its members by engaging them in all aspects of the entrepreneur selection and lending process, including sourcing entrepreneurs from local accelerators, investment analysis / selection, and loan monitoring, and consulting.
Goizueta Black Student Association
The mission of the Goizueta Black Student Association is to promote diversity and academics among Goizueta's BBA and Pre-BBA students while adding value to the broader Atlanta community. The GBSA strives to meet these objectives through a wide range of programs focused on leadership & professional development, academic achievement, mentorship, and community service. As a result, our organization hopes to expand the network of the Goizueta Black Student Association and the Goizueta Business School as a whole.
Goizueta Consulting Group (GCG)
Goizueta Consulting Group is the umbrella organization that oversees all consulting related activities at Goizueta. The organization is responsible for the case workshops, networking dinners, and some external company presentations. There is no application to join the club, however continued attendance will lead to more invitations to networking events.
Goizueta Data Analytics Club
The Goizueta Data Analytics Club is dedicated to helping students explore the different facets of the data analytics world through guest speakers, roundtable discussions on the topics at the forefront of the industry, and technical workshops in the most in-demand technology tools being used in analytical roles. We aim to present students with as many opportunities as possible to engage in this up and coming field.
Goizueta Finance Group (GFG)
Umbrella organization for GIMG, GWIF, AIG, and Finance Academy.
Goizueta Investment Management Group (GIMG)
The Goizueta Investment Management Group (GIMG) is a student-managed investment fund. Together, our equities and fixed income groups manage approximately $300,000 of Emory's endowment. Our club provides unparalleled, hands-on experience in areas such as financial modeling, pitching, and professional development. In addition to running our portfolios, we engage with our community by volunteering at local high schools to teach financial literacy.
Goizueta Marketing Club
Goizueta Marketing Club is Emory's campus-wide organization that directly promotes marketing spirit on campus. We strive to provide an open platform between Emory students interested in Marketing and professionals, alumni as well as business organizations within the industry. Since its beginning, the organization has hosted events such as Annual Networking Night, The Marketing Academy, 3+ Case Competitions and 10+ Company Talks.
Goizueta Pride
Goizueta Pride is an organization dedicated to fostering the identities of LGBTQ+ students and allies in their personal and professional lives. Our mission is to create a welcoming and inclusive environment within the Goizueta community.
Goizueta Real Estate Group
Goizueta Real Estate Group looks to inform students on the commercial real estate (CRE) industry. Through Goizueta staff, alumni, and the Atlanta CRE community, we look to provide seminars, guest speakers, and networking opportunities to the group members. We currently organize an annual Commercial Real Estate Social in Atlanta for students and professionals spanning the southwest, and we are always looking for ways to expand this event. The group looks to utilize the BBA Council and Goizueta resources to grow.
Goizueta Women in Finance (GWIF)
Goizueta Women in Finance (GWIF) is Emory University’s forum dedicated to engaging women interested in pursuing careers in finance. The group aligns with the initiatives of the other Goizueta finance academies to foster greater participation among women. We create an environment focusing on the unique challenges and opportunities that exist for women in the finance industry. Events and seminars are inclusive to all genders at the undergraduate, graduate, and alumni levels in order to develop a lasting network in the Goizueta community.
Spark Mentorship Group
Spark is a mentorship program designed to help adults on the autism spectrum develop important career and life skills. The meeting is broken into two parts. The first part is a group training session with a career-oriented activity and the second part is a one-on-one mentorship program, tailored to each mentees needs. You will form wonderful, meaningful relationships and be a huge help and role model to all of our members!
Emory Women in Business
Emory Women in Business empowers women to facilitate their personal and professional development within the business world.
Emory Sustainable Business Group
Emory Sustainable Business Group focuses on the intersections between business and sustainabilty for BBAs, ENVS students, and beyond. The club is a network for ENVS and BBA students to connect, build useful skills like sustainability analysis and planning, and discuss real-world green business practices, and is open to all undergraduate majors.
Emory Invest in Yourself
Emory Invest in Yourself provides personal financial literacy skills to assist students from all academic and financial backgrounds in learning about the basics of personal finance, including stock trading, budgeting, and building credit.
Project V Solutions Consulting
Project V Solutions Consulting (PVSC) specializes in marketing consulting for small businesses and start-ups that are dedicated to ESG initiatives. We connect Emory students with clients to provide work experience, externships, and opportunities to apply integrative solutions.
Social Impact Marketing Group
Social Impact Marketing Group aims to enrich the community by engaging Emory students with the city and people of Atlanta through real-world marketing projects and initiatives. We hope to serve the greater Atlanta community by pairing with local small businesses to maximize their market potential.
Goizueta Corporate Connects
Goizueta Corporate Connects' primary mission is to cultivate the business leaders of tomorrow while emphasizing the importance of integrating ESG (environmental, social, and governance) principles into all business ventures.
Goizueta Venture Capital
Goizueta Venture Capital (GVC) is a club designed to expose BBA students to the life of a venture capitalist through understanding of the early-stage investing landscape from both the perspective of a founder and investor. Students will have the opportunity to learn about sourcing, diligence, valuation, and portfolio monitoring.
Be First
The purpose of Be First is to serve the first-generation community at the Goizueta Business School. Our mission is to create an inclusive and resourceful environment where first-gen students can come together, build a support system, and learn about professional development.
Goizueta Art Market Guild
The purpose of the Guild is to foster an inclusive community of individuals at Goizueta Business School who share an interest in art, the art market, and their intersection with business. The Guild aims to provide opportunities for learning, networking, and engaging in discussions related to art markets, art investment, entrepreneurship in the art world, and the broader creative economy.
Emory Marketing Analytics
The purpose of Emory Marketing Analytics is to elevate marketing and data intelligence students in and outside the business school. Emory Marketing Analytics aims to share knowledge about the latest marketing research techniques and provide hands on professional experience.
Emory Real Estate Advisory Group
Emory Real Estate Advisory Group aims to enrich the community by providing hands-on experience by giving students real-world Keller Williams projects involving client advising services, real estate acquisition, and property management. Students will work collectively on these projects over the course of a semester. We will also facilitate professional development skills through public speaking, team collaboration, and problem-solving. Final presentations and projects will be presented at the end of each semester to the executive board and Keller Williams representatives.
Healthcare Oriented Business Students
Empowering the next generation of business leaders with a passion for healthcare, HOBS strives to cultivate a dynamic community that bridges the gap between business acumen and the complexities of the healthcare industry. Our mission is to provide resources, networking opportunities, and educational support to students aspiring to make a meaningful impact at the intersection of business and healthcare.
Creativity, analytical skills, and the ability to work under pressure are just a few of the characteristics that distinguish BBA case competition team members. If you are seeking an exceptional hands-on learning experience, the opportunity to network with students from other top business schools around the world, and the chance to bring fame and fortune back to Goizueta, then case competitions are a great option for you.
Each year, a number of BBA students are selected to participate on Goizueta case competition teams based on interest, functional expertise, quantitative and qualitative abilities, presentation skills, and motivation. The BBA Program office provides coaching, support, and travel expenses; the students do the rest.
Goizueta is very proud of its case competition track record and we are delighted to have the opportunity to showcase our BBA students to business schools and professionals from across the globe.
Examples of external case competitions in which Goizueta BBA students have recently participated include:
2023 Georgetown McDonough Business Strategy Challenge – 1
st
Place
2024 USC Marshall International Case Competition – 1
st
Place
2024 Carolina Case Challenge – 1
st
Place
2024 WashU Olin Values and Data Case Competition – 2
nd
Place
2024 UT-Austin National Women’s Case Competition – 2
nd
Place
Each January, the BBA Program Office invites enrolled BBA students to complete a PE credit toward graduation requirements by participating in the BBA Ski Trip. The annual ski trip is held in Blowing Rock, North Carolina and is geared towards all levels of experience. You can learn to ski or to snowboard, and fully 1/3 of all participants are new to their sport of choice. During the three days of instruction and practice, you will learn the fundamentals of what may turn into a life-long passion.
BBA Kegs is a Thursday tradition here at the B-School. BBA Kegs is a signature community building event that is the culminating activity after a strenuous week of business school classes, projects and meetings. Our students gather to reflect on the week, share a laugh and kick off the start to the B-School weekend.
Alumni often share that BBA Kegs was their favorite event in the Business School since was there that they made lifelong friends.
The BBA Kegs event is also a great way for companies to connect with our BBA students. Interested companies are invited to host a BBA Kegs event here at the B-School. Your company can strengthen existing ties with Goizueta while meet BBA students in a casual setting. This event has the potential to increase awareness of your company, your brand, your people, and the opportunities you are looking to fill. If you are interested in hosting a BBA Kegs event we encourage you to
please email us
or
call 404-727-8693
.
BBA Kegs Sponsorship Payment
Student
Spotlight
Alifya Valiji 19BBA
A senior from Chicago majoring in Finance and concentrating in Environmental and Sustainability Management, Alifya is co-director of HackATL and co-president for Emory Entrepreneurship & Venture Management.
Kevin Kim 21BBA
A sophomore Goizueta Scholar studying Finance with a double major in East Asian Studies, Kevin currently serves as the president of the professional business fraternity, Alpha Kappa Psi. He is also a member of the Goizueta Investment Management Group.
Jason Wedge 19BBA
Jason is a senior studying Finance with an interest in real estate and entrepreneurship. He is president of the Goizueta Black Student Association, where he seeks to promote diversity and empower minorities within the business school.
Latest
BBA News
April 12, 2026
Goizueta Students Build AI Chatbot for Real-World Legal Impact
March 26, 2026
A Witness to History, A Teacher for Generations: Major General Perry Smith Marks 35 Years at Goizueta
March 23, 2026
Goizueta BBA Program Ranked Top 10 Nationally by Poets & Quants
March 18, 2026
98 Percent of Goizueta’s 2025 BBA Graduates Received Job Offers Within Three Months
March 13, 2026
How Emory’s Sustainable Business Group is Partnering with Delta Air Lines and Leading the Way in Student Consulting
March 1, 2026
Meet Ajar Rajbhandary: Building Brands by Owning the Outcome
February 27, 2026
Women’s History Month: Celebrating Leadership, Innovation, and Impact Across Goizueta
February 19, 2026
No Perfect Decks: Goizueta Alumni on the Reality of Building a Business
February 10, 2026
Communicating Through Change with Cox Communications
February 10, 2026
Emory’s 40 Under Forty Honors Four Goizueta Alumni
February 8, 2026
For Startups, AI is Everything, Everywhere, All at Once
December 31, 2025
The Best Stories of 2025 from Goizueta Business School