URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/undergraduate-business-degree/curriculum/standards
TITLE: BBA Grading Standards | Emory University Goizueta Business School

Grading &
Standards
In this Section
Honor
Code
Members of the Goizueta Business School community are committed to values of honor, integrity, and accountability. We will not use dishonest means to gain unfair advantage in the academic arena, nor will we tolerate anyone who does.
Honor Code
The Emory Undergraduate Academic Honor Code is in effect throughout the semester. The Honor Code applies to any action or inaction that fails to meet the communal expectations of academic integrity. Students should strive to excel in their academic pursuits in a just way with honesty and fairness in mind and avoid all instances of cheating, lying, plagiarizing, or engaging in other acts that violate the Honor Code. Such violations undermine both the individual pursuit of knowledge and the collective trust of the Emory community. Students who violate the Honor Code may be subject to failure of the course, a reportable record, suspension, permanent expulsion, or a combination of these and other sanctions.
The Undergraduate Academic Honor Code of Emory College of Arts and Sciences, Goizueta Business School, and Oxford College (“Honor Code”) will be enforced by the Honor Councils of Emory College of Arts & Sciences, Goizueta School of Business, and Oxford College for cases of academic misconduct that occur in any course within their respective schools, regardless of the degree program in which the student is enrolled.
Review The Honor Code
Grade
Distribution
The following recommended grade distribution for BBA courses is intended to result in an equitable policy that underscores the rigor of the program and provides a means for accurately assessing and recognizing the quality of student performance.
Grade
BBA Core
BBA Elective
A
15-20%
15-25%
A-
15-20%
15-25%
Not to exceed
35%
40%
B+
15-20%
15-25%
B
15-20%
15-25%
B-
10-15%
10-15%
Not to exceed
45%
50%
C+ or below
20%
10%
Honors &
Awards
Dean's List
Inclusion on the Dean's List is based on comparative semester grade point average for that semester. BBA students in full residence who fall within the top 20% of their class by semester grade point average are recognized on the Dean's List for that semester. In addition to the requisite class standing, a student must have a cumulative grade point average in the Business School of 3.0 or above and must have been enrolled for twelve or more hours, completed all course work, and earned no grades of Unsatisfactory.
Beta Gamma Sigma
Beta Gamma Sigma is the international honor society serving business programs accredited by AACSB International. The mission of the society is to encourage and honor academic achievement in the study of business and personal and professional excellence in the practice of business. Invitation to membership is the highest recognition a business student can achieve, anywhere in the world. At the undergraduate level, membership is extended to those students who both stand in the top 10% of the graduating class and who display the personal and professional attributes befitting the society.
Graduation Honors and Awards
Students whose work has been particularly outstanding during four semesters in the business school will be granted degrees with distinction, depending on the candidate's final class standing relative to the total graduating BBA Class. The calculation is inclusive of all graduates, including those from the summer and fall of the preceding year. Graduating with honors in the business school is earned by rank:
Highest Distinction (Top 5%)
High Distinction (Top 6% - 10%)
Distinction (Top 11% - 20%)