URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/undergraduate-business-degree/eligibility
TITLE: Matriculation | Undergraduate Business Degree (BBA) | Emory University Goizueta Business School

BBA
Matriculation
In this Section
Open Your World
Welcome to a world of
Limitless possibility
Never run out of options. The Goizueta BBA program will open doors, spark ideas, and help you build your career. Here, we’ve combined the power of a liberal arts foundation with business expertise that will set you up for success wherever you go. Our BBA program has produced tech founders, CEOs, Pulitzer Prize-winners, bitcoin mavericks, and creative entrepreneurs. If you’re looking for a degree that will challenge you to push yourself, there’s no better place to be than Goizueta.
The Goizueta BBA Program is open to students continuing from Emory or Oxford Colleges. Students are eligible to enter the BBA Program once they have completed the pre-requisites for the program and at least 30 hours of academic credit. Students will complete their intent to matriculate in the semester prior to their desired start in the BBA Program.
To simplify the process, we've created a website  specifically for Emory College and Oxford College pre-BBA students where we share specific information about requirements, the matriculation process, and programs of interest. Please access the
Pre-BBA Information Site
for more information. Current BBA students may also apply in the spring semester of their sophomore or junior year for our BBA/MPA combined degree.
Learn More
Before you can decide if you want to join us, you need to know who we are. Our program consists of approximately 1300 sophomores, juniors, and seniors who are continuing students from Emory and Oxford Colleges. Although we have our own distinctive identity, we are very much a part of Emory and share its vision and intellectual focus.
Our curriculum is rigorous.  All Goizueta students are expected to come to class prepared to make meaningful contributions. Being one of us means showing you are willing to take on challenges, push yourself intellectually, and take some risks. It means doing well in freshman classes and demonstrating a willingness to get involved. If this description fits you, then the BBA program may be just what you are seeking. We invite you to
take a closer look
.
Before entering the BBA Program, you will first need to apply directly to Emory College of Arts and Sciences through the main
Office of Undergraduate Admission
. You may apply to Emory College of Arts and Sciences on the main university campus in Atlanta or to the two-year program at Oxford College, located on Emory's original campus about 40 miles outside Atlanta. If you are interested in pursuing a business degree, you will matriculate to the BBA Program at one of three entry points, fall or spring of sophomore year or fall of junior year. Students on the Oxford campus will complete their associate's degree before matriculating to the BBA Program.
Learn More
The BBA program accepts a small number of direct transfers each year.  All transfer students will apply through the Emory University Office of Admission.  If you are transferring as an entering sophomore or junior and have met the
pre-requisites
you may be considered for direct admittance to the BBA Program.  We prefer that students complete the majority of their business coursework here at Emory, so students with a number of business classes from another institution are not good transfer candidates.
A note about joint degree programs:
The
BBA/MPA joint degree program
is designed to enable students enrolled in the BBA Program at the Goizueta Business School to complete master's level coursework, while simultaneously fulfilling the requirements to sit for the Certified Public Accounting (CPA) examination. Junior level transfer students should anticipate five or more semesters to complete this program.
The
BBA/MSBA joint program
is by highly selective application. This program enables students enrolled in the BBA Program at Goizueta Business School to complete a Master's in Business Analytics. Junior level transfer students would apply in the middle of junior year, and if admitted, should anticipate five semester to complete this dual degree program.
Learn More
A Simple Process
David Ramos 20BBA
"As a first-generation student, navigating the college application process was daunting and expensive. I only visited schools nearby and learned as much as possible through college websites to figure out where I wanted to spend the next four years of my life. Fortunately, Emory has a couple of fly-in programs (CORE and Essence) to create the opportunity to visit Atlanta for prospective students. During CORE, I was able to learn about Emory's incredible professors, research, and opportunities provided for students. I also felt a commitment to diversity, which was extremely important. Three years later, I have no regrets and am grateful for the memories over the past several semesters."
Goizueta Scholars
The Goizueta Scholars award will support four years of undergraduate study, including study-abroad options and will range from half of full tuition to full tuition and fees. As a Goizueta Scholar, you will have guaranteed admission to the business school and priority access to business classes as well as the opportunity to enroll in special business scholar seminars, participate in an extensive array of leadership and professional activities, and interact with some of the most admired business executives in the world.
Goizueta Scholars
Class
Profile
Class Size
528 students
Average GPA
3.69
Average SAT
1429
Women
43%
Underrepresented U.S. Minorities
20%
% of U.S. students who are African American, Hispanic/Latinx, Native American/Alaskan
International
23%
Libby Egnor
Associate Dean
Contact Libby at 404-727-4220.
Email
BBA
Consultations
High school students and students newly admitted to Emory interested in business can attend an information session and tour with our BBA Advising team.
Schedule