URL: https://goizueta.emory.edu/undergraduate-business-degree/curriculum
TITLE: BBA Academic Curriculum | Emory University Goizueta Business School

Curricular
Structure
In this Section
Follow
Your Passions
In the BBA program, you’ll forge your own path based on your interests and intellectual callings. Start with a strong foundation in the liberal arts, and further develop your problem solving and analytical skills in business core courses. As you start to build your business acumen, you’ll experience the rewards of putting your ideas into action. From there, the sky’s the limit. Explore uncharted territory in our more than 70 elective offerings in the business school while retaining access to all Emory has to offer. Where will you go?
Build. Enhance. Stretch.
The complexities of the business environment necessitate that students develop expertise that transcends the boundaries of traditional academic areas. The Goizueta BBA curriculum simultaneously offers clear academic pathways and customizable learning options, allowing you to develop both deep expertise and broad knowledge.  You will acquire foundational understanding in each functional area, develop decision-making and data analytic skills, and build facility with technological tools.  Through flexible core class choices, selected electives, and even second majors in Emory College, you can craft your experience to reflect your intellectual passions and professional goals.
Students complete business pre-requisite courses prior to matriculating in the BBA Program.
All pre-business students complete the following:
Economics Requirement, which may be achieved through any of the following options:
FIN 201 Business Economics (for Emory College students)
ECON 101 Microeconomics OR AP Micro credit AND ECON 112 Macroeconomics OR AP Macro credit
IB credit for Economics (Higher Level)
Statistical Competency as demonstrated by one of the following:
AP Statistics credit
A statistics course in Emory or Oxford College (ECON 220, QTM 100, QTM 110, or an equivalent course by petition)
Successful passage of a statistics exam following completion of an online bootcamp
BUS 350 Data and Decision Analytics (Note: requires demonstration of statistical competency as above prior to enrollment)
BUS 290 Tech Tools A: Excel (1 credit)
Note: ACT 200 Accounting: The Language of Business is recommended in your first 3 semesters but not required for matriculation.
ADVANCED PLACEMENT CREDITS
If Emory University College Credit for Microeconomics, Macroeconomics, Statistics, or AB or BC Calculus is posted on your transcript, these classes do not need to be repeated at Emory University.
All undergraduates at Emory complete a set of General Education Requirements (GERs) which expose students to the breadth of Emory's curriculum and presents an array of intellectual approaches and perspectives as ways of learning. While the majority of GERs will be completed in Emory or Oxford College, some BBA coursework counts towards fulfilling GERs for BBA students.
Students who began their studies at Emory prior to Fall 2023 will complete the
Gold GERs
. Students admitted in Fall 2023 and beyond complete the
Blue GERs
. You can find details on which business courses satisfy GERs for BBAs on the
pre-BBA website
.
The BBA Core prepares students to understand how each area of business works and how they all work together. It enables students to build an area of expertise and to grasp new business paradigms and practices as they emerge. Through the core, BBAs at Goizueta learn the tools for making effective decisions, optimizing processes, and being good stewards of the human, financial, physical, and societal resources that managers deploy in the service of organizational goals.
Functional Core
ACT 200 Accounting: The Language of Business
FIN 320 Corporate Finance
OAM 330 Organization & Management OR OAM 331 Strategic Management
MKT 340 Marketing Management
ISOM 351 Process & Systems Management
ACT 410 Legal Environment of Business
BUS 365 Business Communication
Flex Core (students take at least two)
ACT 300 Business Analysis & Valuation
FIN 323 Investments
OAM 330 Organization & Management OR OAM 331 Strategic Management
MKT 345 Market Growth & Analytics
ISOM 352 Applied Data Analytics with Coding
Our Co-Curricular Offering will help you discover your strengths and push you to stretch your competencies. You'll become an adept manager of your own career, while acquiring the attributes employers seek. You'll build communication and leadership skills and develop comfort with ambiguity by engaging in hands-on problem solving.
The Co-Curricular Core provides BBAs with 10 credit hours of differentiated skills and experiences. Through this coursework, students find:
Opportunities for reflection, self knowledge and exploration
Structured support in reaching academic and career goals
Touchstones that tie intellectual, personal and professional growth together
Tools that will make them more effective in the classroom and on the job
Spaces for connection with each other and with business professionals
The Co-Curricular Core at Goizueta consists of:
Tech Tools
Excel (BUS 290) – taken prior to entry
Additional Tech Tools courses (BUS 390) – 4 courses taken throughout the program
Personal/Professional/Leadership Development
BUS 380 Professional Development - one 2 credit course taken in first semester of program
BUS 381 Personal Development - one 0.5 credit course taken in first semester of program
BUS 383 Experiential Team Dynamics & Leadership - one 0.5 credit course taken in junior year
BUS 300 BBA Boardroom - four 0.5 credit courses taken throughout the program
BUS 480 Senior Seminar - two 1 credit courses taken senior year
As the societal role of business expands, so does the impact of decisions. At Goizueta, critical thinking is embraced and embedded in a multitude of experiential courses that will build your capacity to evaluate the merits and consequences of solutions to complex problems.
The Immersive Experiential Elective requirement is a hallmark of the BBA Program at Goizueta. By taking an immersive elective, all BBAs have the opportunity to:
Translate knowledge into action in service of a real world program
Add value by transforming a business, developing a solution to an unmet need, or creating new knowledge
Demonstrate meaning and practical application of accumulated knowledge that can be shared with recruiters and applied as a skill in a work environment
In addition to the immersive elective, all BBAs complete a total of at least six Business electives and two non-Business electives (one non-business elective waived for students completing more than one area depth or a joint or dual degree program). Students will also complete flexible electives (Business or College) in order to reach the credit hour requirement for the BBA degree. These electives enable Goizueta students to customize their curriculum to fit their individual interests and aspirations to develop additional areas of expertise, to amass additional credentials, and to work across functional fields aligned by a theme or industry.
You can view the range of electives offered to students and course descriptions in the
Emory Course Atlas
, and you can learn more about our area depths on our
Academic Pathways page
.
BBA Leadership Development
The mission of the Goizueta BBA Program is to help our students grow, intellectually, personally, and professionally so that they feel enabled, empowered, and motivated to make significant positive contributions to the organizations they serve and to society as a whole. The goal of the BBA Leadership Development programming is to enhance student self-awareness and cultivate each student's personal leadership abilities. The Goizueta Leadership Competency Model guides the program in identifying the specific competencies that BBA students most need to achieve these objectives.
Academic Resources
Goizueta Business Library
Access research, databases, study spaces, and so much more.
Read More
Goizueta Business Library BBA Community
Learn tips and get resources tailored to BBA student needs.
Read More
Business Essentials Workshop
Sharpen research skills for critical thinking and earn a certificate.
Read More
Meet With An
Academic Advisor
Spend time with a BBA academic advisor to find out the many ways you can customize your courses schedule to your academic interests.
Access Student Canvas Site