URL: https://business.wfu.edu/plan-visit/admissions-events
TITLE: Admissions Events - Wake Forest University School of Business

Admissions Events
Quicklinks :
Campus Visit Home
Admissions Events
Visit Requests
Resources-Maps-Links
Contact Admissions
QUICKLINKS
Campus Visit Home
Admissions Events
Visit Requests
Resources-Maps-Links
Contact Admissions
Admissions Events for Prospective Students
The School of Business Center for Enrollment Management hosts a variety of admissions events and information sessions throughout the year for students interested in our programs.  These on-campus and off-campus events are geared toward educating incoming and prospective students about Wake Forest, the School of Business and our graduate and undergraduate programs. Review the following information about the types of upcoming events, then search the calendar for events on the Wake Forest campus or in a city near you. If you have questions or wish to plan a campus visit, contact our Enrollment Management Center at
busadmissions@wfu.edu
or phone at 866.925.3622.
Class Visits & Interviews
Available most anytime that fits your schedule, class visits are offered throughout the academic year and can occur at any stage in the admissions process. Visits are typically available for most programs Monday-Thursday and include lunch and a tour of Farrell Hall. Candidates may wait to schedule a campus visit to coincide with their scheduled interview. We recommend that visit requests are submitted at least two weeks in advance. Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate requests submitted less than two business days in advance.
GMAT/GRE Prep Workshops
The GMAT or GRE test can be one of the most intimidating steps in the application process. To help our prospective students boost their confidence and their scores, Wake Forest offers GMAT/GRE Prep Workshops, typically via WebEx and at no charge for prospective students. Taught by a graduate of our MBA program, the prep sessions include coverage of an entire quantitative portion of a retired GMAT/GRE test. This is a great way to  prepare for the GMAT/GRE. Admissions consultations (15 minutes) can be scheduled anytime prior to or after the workshop to discuss testing requirements, and are open to prospective students for our graduate business degree programs.
Campus Visits and Meet & Greet Dinners
We know it can be difficult to come to our campus, so we often take to the road to meet you where you live. Throughout the year, representatives from our graduate business programs will host information sessions on a variety of campuses, as well as dinners at restaurants in select cities to meet prospective candidates to answer questions and introduce them to current students and graduates. These informal visits and dinners provide the perfect opportunity to get your questions answered.
Charlotte Programs
Most of the admissions events above are also available in our Charlotte Center for those candidates interested in our MBA programs for working professionals in uptown Charlotte. If you have questions or wish to plan a visit to the Charlotte Center, contact our Charlotte Enrollment Management team at
cltbusadmissions@wfu.edu
or phone at 888.WAKEMBA (888.925.3622).
Undergraduates
Wake Forest undergraduates interested in business majors at the School of Business should visit the
Undergraduate Programs
page.
Prospective students interested in Wake Forest University should contact the
Office of Undergraduate Admissions
.
For a list of upcoming admissions events, visit our
Events Calendar
.
Explore Further
Considering a business program to strengthen your career prospects? Interested in the world-class research being done by our faculty? Or just want to speak with someone to learn more about the School of Business? Here are a few more areas to explore.
Begin Your Application
Request Information
Schedule a Consult
Faculty Research