URL: https://business.wfu.edu/plan-visit
TITLE: Plan A Visit - Wake Forest University School of Business

Plan A Visit
Quicklinks :
Campus Visit Home
Admissions Events
Visit Requests
Resources-Maps-Links
Contact Admissions
QUICKLINKS
Campus Visit Home
Admissions Events
Visit Requests
Resources-Maps-Links
Contact Admissions
Experience Wake Forest
Winston-Salem Campus
The Wake Forest School of Business is consistently ranked among the nation’s top business schools, but sterling statistics tell only part of the story. To capture the essence of the University, you have to visit Wake Forest’s beautiful
Reynolda campus
, where splendid Georgian architecture sits upon 340 acres of landscaped hills, just minutes from the culturally and commercially thriving community of Winston-Salem, NC.
The School of Business’ home in
Farrell Hall
is reason enough to make the visit. You’ll see why students rave about the $55-million state-of-the-art facility and its impact on the learning experience and quality of student life. This section of the website will help you plan a visit to our campus, where you can attend classes and information sessions, interview with admissions and faculty (by invitation), participate in admissions events, tour the Wake Forest campus and Farrell Hall, and explore the Winston-Salem area.
Charlotte Campus
We understand your busy schedules. For those interested in the Wake Forest MBA program in Charlotte, we encourage you to contact us to
schedule a phone or campus consult
. We look forward to speaking with you and inviting you to visit our 30,000 square foot
Charlotte Center
in uptown where you may choose to sit in on an MBA class, meet our students, and discuss your needs with the Charlotte staff.
Explore Further
Considering a business program to strengthen your career prospects? Interested in the world-class research being done by our faculty? Or just want to speak with someone to learn more about the School of Business? Here are a few more areas to explore.
Begin Your Application
Request Information
Schedule a Consult
Faculty Research