URL: https://business.wfu.edu/tradition-impact
TITLE: Vision and Mission - Wake Forest University School of Business

Vision and Mission
HELPING BUSINESSES AND ORGANIZATIONS CREATE A BETTER WORLD
We develop analytical, ethical business leaders driven to achieve results through a dynamic combination of rigorous academic preparation, thought leadership and research, and an unrivaled connection to the market.
At the Heart of Business
At the Wake Forest School of Business, we believe in the power of business to transform the world for the better. Our vision is clear: Helping Businesses and Organizations Create a Better World – one decision, one leader at a time.
We shape leaders who are not only analytical and driven, but also deeply ethical and compassionate. Through rigorous academic preparation, visionary thought leadership, and an unbreakable bond with the business world, we prepare our students to navigate the world’s complexities with courage and conviction.
Wake Forest nurtures a Community of Learning, where every voice matters, and every perspective is valued. Our education goes beyond textbooks—it’s a transformative journey that embraces the richness of diverse ideas and experiences, equipping our students to lead globally with integrity and empathy.
We foster a Community of Inquiry, led by innovative faculty who are thought leaders at the forefront of groundbreaking, interdisciplinary, collaborative research and scholarship. Their work doesn’t just advance knowledge—it changes lives. By tackling society’s most pressing challenges, they inspire our entire community to think analytically, execute strategically, and lead ethically.
Our Community of Engaged Partnerships reaches far beyond our campuses. We build meaningful relationships with industry leaders and academic partners, creating a bridge between knowledge and practice. Together, we serve the greater good, embodying the spirit of Pro Humanitate in everything we do.
At the core of our School is a relentless pursuit of Organizational Excellence and Continuous Improvement. We believe in the power of collaboration, open communication, and a shared commitment to making each day better than the last.
We are more than educators—we are dreamers, mentors, and changemakers. We live the Teacher-Scholar Ideal, building a community where learning is a lifelong journey, and where every individual is empowered to lead with both head and heart.
At Wake Forest, we are more than a business school. We stand at the heart of business—where purpose meets performance, and where our commitment to creating a better world, begins.
Explore Further
Considering a business program to strengthen your career prospects? Interested in the world-class research being done by our faculty? Or just want to speak with someone to learn more about the School of Business? Here are a few more areas to explore.
Begin Your Application
Request Information
Schedule a Consult
Faculty Research