URL: https://business.wfu.edu/undergraduate-programs/minor-in-business
TITLE: Minor in Business - Wake Forest University School of Business

MINOR IN BUSINESS
NEW: Available in Fall 2026
>Summer 2026 Summer Management Program (SMP) and SportsBIZ students can apply 6 credits toward the minor
>Open to all majors in the College of Arts and Sciences
Wake Forest University School students prepare for the academic year with the WakeABLE program at Farrell Hall on August 21, 2023
Lauren Olinger, Red Cardinal Studio
www.RedCardinalStudio.com
Quicklinks :
Undergraduate Home
Pre-Wall Street Career Track
Summer Management Program
SportsBiz
Bridge to Business
More
Quicklinks
Undergraduate Home
Pre-Wall Street Career Track
Summer Management Program
SportsBiz
Bridge to Business
AACSB Accreditation
QUICKLINKS
Undergraduate Home
Pre-Wall Street Career Track
Summer Management Program
SportsBiz
Bridge to Business
More
Less
AACSB Accreditation
Overview
Gain foundational business knowledge and skills through BEM210 - Introduction to Business, curated courses aligned with three competency areas (Management Essentials; Digital Skills for the Workplace; and Leadership, Character, and Business Life Skills), and the BEM220 - Business Simulation capstone course which emphasizes integration, teamwork, and applied problem solving.
Eligibility
Open to all majors in the College of Arts & Sciences
Must earn at least a "C" in (or AP credit for) ECN150 Introduction to Economics
Requirements
18 credit hours, distributed as follows:
BEM210 - Introduction to Business (3 credit hours)
Competency Area Requirements* (12 credit hours)
Competency areas are Management Essentials, Digital Skills for the Workplace, and Leadership, Character, and Business Life Skills
Associated coursework for each competency area will appear in the 2026-2027 Academic Bulletin for undergraduates in Wake Forest College and the School of Business as well as in the Workday for Students Information System.
BEM220 - Business Simulation Capstone (3 credit hours)
*At least 3 credit hours applied toward these Competency Area Requirements must be taken in the College, and at least 3 credit hours must be taken in the School of Business. Offerings for courses satisfying competency area requirements may vary from year to year.
Competency Areas
Emphasis on three essential competency areas will ensure you are prepared to make a difference in a business or organization.
Management Essentials
Develop foundational capabilities for understanding and managing organizations, people, and systems. Emphasis includes organizational decision-making, core business functions, and the institutional frameworks that support effective strategy, planning, and leadership.
Digital Skills for the Workplace
Build competency with digital tools and analytical methods relevant to contemporary work environments. Emphasis includes spreadsheet modeling, programming, data visualization, analytics, digital collaboration, and responsible data use.
Leadership, Character, and Business Life Skill
Cultivate personal character and professional readiness for responsible leadership. Emphasis includes ethical decision-making, character and integrity, communication and influence, leadership, financial literacy, career readiness, and well-being in the workplace.
Study Abroad
Appropriate credit toward competency area requirements may also be earned through approved study-abroad courses/programs. Students considering study-abroad should consult a School of Business academic advisor, preferably in the sophomore year, to develop a coherent plan of study.
Contact
Seth Youngblood
Associate Director, Undergraduate Integrative Student Services
(336) 758-2633
|
email
|
read more
AACSB International
The School of Business is accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB International).
The School of Business' Accountancy Program attained the supplemental accounting accreditation.
AACSB