URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/careers-recruiting/students/undergraduate-students/peer-career-coaches
TITLE: Peer Career Coaches | Fisher College of Business

Careers & Recruiting
Peer Career Coaches
Fisher College of Business Peer Career Coaches are undergraduate business students who have undergone a formal training program to assist other undergraduate business students with:
Developing resumes and cover letters
Identifying useful career resources around campus
Utilizing Handshake to search for jobs and internships
Developing a LinkedIn profile
Preparing for career fairs
Spring 2026 Drop-Ins Schedule
Drop-ins will begin on the first day of spring classes, Monday, January 12th, 2026.  Drop-ins will continue through the last day of the semester, which is Monday, April 27th.
For virtual drop-ins: To get feedback on a resume, cover letter, or LinkedIn profile, simply click on the Zoom link below during the scheduled virtual drop-in times.  You will be admitted to the waiting room and a Peer Career Coach will admit you to the room when they are ready.
Day
Times
Virtual or In-person
Location
Mondays
9:00 am - 4:45 pm
In-person
150 Gerlach Hall
Tuesdays
9:00 am - 3:45 pm
In-person
150 Gerlach Hall
Wednesdays
9:00 - 11:45 am,
12:30 - 3:45 pm
In-person
150 Gerlach Hall
Thursdays
9:30 am - 12:30 pm
Virtual
Zoom link
Fridays
8:00 am 10:45 am,
12:00 - 2:15 pm
Virtual
Zoom link
Zoom link for Peer Career Coach Virtual Drop-ins
*Zoom link will only work for students with an osu.edu email address.  To log in with your OSU email credentials, follow the steps below or view the
screenshots on this document.
Click on the Zoom link above
Click "Sign in to Join"
Click "Sign in with SSO"
Type in "osu" for company domain and click Continue
Log in with your osu name.# and password
Meet the Peer Career Coaches!
Matthew Good
Hometown: Hudson, Ohio
Major: Finance
Internship:
Financial Analyst at Materion Corporation in Cleveland, OH
What inspired me to become a Career Coach:
I was fortunate enough to have many mentors early on in my time at Fisher. They were constantly helping me and always kept my best interest at heart. Their impact on me instilled in me a desire to do the same for others.
On campus Involvement:
Mount Leadership Society Scholars Program, PGN, Deloitte Second Year Career Launch Program, Common Cents Investment Group, Investment Banking Program, and Fisher Real Estate Society
Best advice I would share with a new Fisher student:
Get involved within Fisher. Identify what you are passionate about and the type of people you want to surround yourself with. From there, join organizations and clubs that embody those values. Lastly, do not be afraid to step out of your comfort zone in this process.
Alicia Lewis
Hometown: Cincinnati, Ohio
Major: Marketing, with a minor in Spanish for Business
Graduation: May 2026
Internships:
Sales Intern at PepsiCo - Summer 2025
Markets Fellow for JPMorgan Chase - Summer 2024
What inspired me to become a Career Coach:
Drive to help and empower fellow students to getting the most out of their college experience and setting them up for success in their future careers.
On campus Involvement:
GIS Business Fraternity, Village Mentors, Women Founders
Best advice I would share with a new Fisher student:
Build relationships with mentors and professors
An accomplishment I am most proud of: getting certified in scuba diving!
Kshipra Mandlecha
Hometown: Nashik, India
Major: Managerial Economics and Operations Management
Internships:
Procurement Intern at Vertiv (Summer 2025), and Production Intern at Simply Wish (Bangalore)
What inspired me to become a Career Coach: What inspired me to become a Peer Career Coach is the experience I had during my own QUIC interview as a sophomore. I was initially very nervous, but my interviewer’s patience and guidance helped me feel at ease and perform well. That support boosted my confidence in all interviews since, and this role is my opportunity to be that same source of encouragement and guidance for others.
My favorite sport: My favorite sport is Cricket, I played cricket for 5 years and was the captain for my high schools' cricket team.
On-campus/community involvement:
I am a member of Phi Gamma Nu, a professional development organization, and part of the Global Leadership Initiative Cohort. I also work as a Student-Athlete Tutor with SASSO and serve as a Front Desk Office Assistant for the Bowen-Raney-Busch-Taylor Residence Halls on North Campus. Additionally, I am the Vice President of the Clear & Glowing Skincare Club and an active member of the Buckeye Operations Management Society.
Favorite spot-on campus:
KSA Cafe! - great chai + the architecture building is really cool, the garden they have on top is so pretty in the fall!
Gavin Minogue
Hometown: Mason, Ohio
Major: Finance, Minor: Business Analytics
Graduation: May 2026
Internships:
FMP intern at GE Aerospace in Cincinnati (2024 & 2025)
What inspired me to become a Career Coach:
I’ve had the privilege of experiencing incredible opportunities and learning from some awesome people who have had a huge influence on my growth. I wanted to give back to this community by helping younger students reach their goals and enjoy college.
My interests/hobbies include: Beach, Cincinnati sports, trying new restaurants, rollercoasters
My favorite food: Steak
On-campus/community involvement:  Business Scholars, Delta Sigma Pi, Fisher Emerging Consultants Program, STEP
Best advice I would share with a new Fisher student: You don’t have to know exactly what you want to do after you graduate. You don’t have to know exactly what your college path will be. Step out of your comfort zone, take advantage of everything around you, and explore your interests!
Kunsh Puranik
Hometown: Cleveland, Ohio / Chennai, India
Major: Logistics & International Business
Minor: Italian
Internships:
Supply Chain Internship with Honda
What inspired me to become a Career Coach:
I remember how lost I felt when I first came to college. I was very motivated but didn't know how to succeed. By learning from my peers and upperclassmen, as well as utilizing Fisher resources, I gained knowledge about different career paths and how to succeed in them. As someone who loves to connect with people, being a Peer Career Coach allows me to pay it forward by helping students in the Fisher community.
On campus Involvement:
The
Logistics Association, Honors Cohort Program, Global Leadership Initiative, Fisher Global Consulting, Fisher Emerging Consultants, Spongebob Club, Fisher First Program
Best advice I would share with a new Fisher Student:
Giving your best effort for the things you care about and learning to take rejection in a constructive way will make your experience enjoyable and rewarding.
An accomplishment I am most proud of: Becoming fluent in Italian within 2 years