URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/careers-recruiting/students/undergraduate-students/job-search-resources
TITLE: Job Search Resources | Fisher College of Business

Careers & Recruiting
Job Search Resources
The Office of Career Management provides many helpful handouts, videos, and resources for students to learn how to be the best-prepared job seekers.
Visit our
Frequently Asked Questions web page
for answers to most questions concerning QUIC, internships, job search training, appointments, career fairs, Handshake, and more.
Job Search Resources
Resumes
Resume Resources
Resume Guide
(a detailed how-to guide)
Sample Resumes in Word
Blank Resume Template
(opens Word document)
Blank Resume Template
(Google doc)
How to Set a Right-Justified Margin for Resumes
Resume Guide for Veterans
Recommended Action Verbs
Sample Reference Sheet
Resume Feedback through Big Interview
Fisher students have access to Big Interview - an online platform that provides virtual interview training, allowing users to practice and improve their interview skills through a variety of tools such as mock interviews, interview question libraries, and AI feedback.  Students can upload a PDF or Word doc of their resume and receive instant AI feedback on the formatting, content, and skills demonstrated in the resume.
To get started, go to
Big Interview.
Click Login and sign in with your OSU name.# and password.
Cover Letters and Thank You Notes
Cover Letter Guide
Thank You Note Guide
Interview Preparation
These resources provide guidance for successful interviews and introduce you to the STAR technique for answering behavioral-based interview questions.
Interviewing Guide
QUIC Interview Preparation
Company Research Handout
OSU Library Resources - Job Interview Preparation
Interviewing Tips for Veterans
Preparing for a Virtual Interview Webinar
Interview Preparation Videos
Video Interviews - Strategies for Success
Tips and tricks to help students prepare for video interviews for internships or full time positions.
Video Interviewing Guide
Video Interviewing Checklist
Customizable Fisher Zoom Background
The Office of Career Management is pleased to offer you a free training system that features a new and innovative way to help you prepare more effectively for a job interview.
Big Interview is an online system that combines training AND practice to help improve your interview technique and build your confidence.
Big Interview offers a variety of tools including:
Mock interview practice and recording tool
Written and video curriculum covering the entire job search and interview process
Mechanism for sharing videos externally/internally for feedback
Resume tool including resume templates and A/I feedback and scoring
How to Access Big Interview
Go to Big
Interview
and click "LOGIN".
Enter your OSU lastname.# and password, and click "Sign In."
You're ready to start using Big Interview!
Job and Internship Search
Job Search Guide
Description
Handshake Guide
This 2-page guide helps students learn how to navigate Handshake to search for jobs and internships, find employers, events and more.
Job and Internship Search
This handout provides information to help you assess yourself and your career goals. It provides a thorough list of both Fisher-specific resources and external resources to help you find internships and full-time career positions.
Career Management for the Business Student
Career Management For the Business Student provides a four-year checklist and information about our office, services, and resources.
Create Your Own Internship Guide
Create Your Own Internship - a guide on how to reach out to your network with purpose and pitch an idea to do an informal internship early on in your college career.
Tips for Sophomores
Advice for sophomores seeking an internship. Learn about how previous second year Fisher students found their internships.
Handout on Developing Your Skills Virtually
To provide opportunities for students to continue developing themselves personally and professionally in a predominately virtual environment, the Office of Career Management has compiled a list of online resources for students to explore on their own! The list connects students with materials to build their knowledge in various skill sets with accredited online entities, including Tableau, Udemy, Adobe Creative Cloud, and others. It is the Office of Career Management’s hope that amidst these uncertain times, this resource list can be a useful tool for Fisher students.
Job Search Guide for Transitioning Veterans
From self-evaluation to career research, and resumes to interviewing preparation, Veterans can find tips and strategies for their job search in this helpful document.
M
icro-Internships and Gig Opportunities
Find paid, short-term projects through Parker Dewey that allow you to explore different career options, build your skills, and prove yourself to prospective employers.
Discover Accounting Job Board
Provides educational information and resources on accounting careers.
Vault
Career Engagement Platform: Fisher has arranged for undergraduates to have free, unrestricted access to all Vault has to offer, including: Downloadable Career Guides, employer profiles and rankings, discussion boards, Vault's job board, which matches employers and recruiters with top talent.
If you have not registered with Vault, click on "Create My Account" and use your OSU email address to get started.
Networking and LinkedIn
Digital Presence and Virtual Networking Webinar
The Office of Career Management is pleased to announce the first in a series of recorded webinars designed to help you navigate the job search process in a virtual recruiting environment. This first webinar will help you understand how to manage your digital presence and network virtually.
Networking, Informational Interviews, and Sending "Cold Emails"
This document can help you learn about the benefits of conducting informational interviews to network and to learn about possible careers related to your major.
Handout on Developing Your Skills Virtually
This list connects students with materials to build their knowledge in various skill sets with accredited online entities, including Tableau, Udemy, Adobe Creative Cloud, and others.
LinkedIn Profile Checklist and Alumni Search Handout
This handout was created by our Undergraduate Career Coaches and includes tips for making your LinkedIn profile stand out to employers. It also includes a tutorial on how to use LinkedIn to search for Alumni.
AlumniFire
Alumnifire is an online professional networking and mentoring tool for Ohio State alumni, students and staff to exchange industry expertise and career advice. Get connected with Alumnifire and join this powerful Buckeye network.
Making the Most of Your Internship
Check out this resource to prepare to have a successful internship experience!
Career Fair and Professional Dress
Career Fair Preparation Video Resources
How do you stand out to an employer at a Career Fair? This PowerPoint details the steps you should take before, during, and after a career fair to be successful.
How to Prepare for a Career Fair
Confused about the difference between business casual and business professional? Review these handouts for helpful tips on looking your best.
Tips on Professional Dress
Professional Dress Handout (with examples)
Gender Neutral Guide: What To Wear For An Interview – Zippia
Evaluating and Negotiating Job Offers
Evaluating and Negotiating Job Offers
Summarizes the issues involved in accepting a job offer and takes you through the process of evaluating what is important to you (benefits? location? training? salary?) as you decide whether to accept a job offer.
How to Decline a Job Offer
International Student Resources
The Office of Career Management offers a variety of resources and comprehensive support for international students.
International Student Resources
Recognizing and Avoiding Job Scams
The Ohio State University offers Handshake as a resource for employers to connect with Fisher students and alumni seeking internships, co-ops, and career-related jobs.
Nationally, career services departments are reporting an uptick in fraudulent employer postings to online platforms.
Ohio State strives to keep fraudulent and scam postings off the system; however, it is impossible to ensure that every posting is legitimate and impossible to keep track of every position after submission. Fisher relies on students to
notify us
if they feel a posting is potentially fraudulent. Therefore, we are sharing common “red flags,” to be on the lookout for when utilizing Handshake or any other posting system.
For more information,
visit our web page
on approving, flagging, and reviewing employers on Handshake.
Some job scams are easy to spot while others appear legitimate. So how do you know who to trust? You can start with these basic guidelines to avoid a potential scam.
Never:
Give out personal information like your social security or bank account number over email or phone.
Take cashier’s checks or money orders as a form of payment. Fake checks are common and the bank where you cash it will hold you accountable.
Cash a check that comes with “extra” money. Scammers send checks that require you to deposit a check at your bank, withdraw the “extra” money as cash, and then deposit that cash elsewhere. The check will bounce and you will be held accountable.
Agree to purchase gift cards or equipment for an employer.
Wire funds via Western Union, MoneyGram or any other service. Anyone who asks you to wire money is a scammer.
Apply for jobs listed by someone far away or in another country.
Agree to a background check unless you have met the employer in person.
Apply for a job that is emailed to you out of the blue.
Always:
Review jobs thoroughly. If a job is offering a lot of money for very little work, it could be a scammer trying to get personal information from you.
Research the employer. Do they have a reputable website or professional references? Is the job listing you want to apply for also on their main career page? Note: work-study jobs may not be advertised on employer websites.
Check employer messages carefully for typos and incorrect grammar, as well as non-professional email addresses, ex. gmail.com.
Meet face-to-face with a potential employer. An in-person interview or informal chat over coffee will help you determine the employer’s intentions.
Be sure to choose a public place to meet, tell someone where you are going and bring your cell phone, just in case.
Trust your instincts. If a job sounds too good to be true, it is likely a scam.
For more information on job scams and fraudulent emails, visit the
Buckeye Careers website
on employment fraud.
Job Scam Scenario
A student applies for an online data entry job posted by a scammer from out-of-state. When payday rolls around, the scammer tells the student they will receive a cashier’s check, however, the value of the check will be more than what the student has earned. The scammer offers to “trust” the student and asks that they repay the difference with a wire transfer. The student cashes the cashier’s check and then wires the scammer the balance. Even though the bank cashes the check, it is later discovered to be a fake and does not clear. The student now owes the bank the full value of the check.
Visit the
Federal Trade Commission
for more examples and signs of a job scam.
Reporting Fraud and Scams
To report a scam,
file a complaint
online with the Federal Trade Commission. Check out their video on
how to report scams
and more
ways to avoid fraud.
If you think a job listing on Handshake platform is suspicious,
let us know
! We can remove the job posting and provide you with further information.
Our goal is to provide accurate job listing information on our website; however, we make no representations or guarantees about positions posted by our office. You are responsible for your own safety, wages, and working conditions.
Information adapted from the University of Colorado Boulder and Rutgers
Disclosing a Disability
These resources provide guidance to students who are considering disclosing a disability to an employer during their job search.
Start Here:
Disability Disclosure (Animated Short Video)
A One-Page Guide to Disability Disclosure
A Comprehensive Guide to Disability Disclosure
More resources available on campus:
Office of Student Life Disability Services
Career Services from Student Life Disability Services
Ohio College2Careers Program
Email Ohio State’s College2Careers Counselor, Kari Grafton at
Karen.grafton@ood.ohio.gov
to find out if you are eligible for services.
Material in these works came from these online sources:
Work Support's Disclosure Decisions
Rochester Institute of Technology - Disclosing Disability
Job Accommodation Network - Disability Disclosure
University of California Berkeley - Disclosing a Disability
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission - Enforcement Guide
Find & Contact Us
LinkedIn
Submit an Internship Success Story