URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/careers-recruiting/students/undergraduate-students
TITLE: Undergraduate Students | Fisher College of Business

Careers & Recruiting
Undergraduate Students
Our services to undergraduate students
The Office of Career Management provides many services and resources for our undergraduate student population. Our mission is to
provide highly personalized services to develop the best prepared job seekers and be every employer's favorite place to recruit.
The University strives to make all learning experiences as accessible as possible. If you anticipate or experience barriers based on a disability (including mental health, chronic or temporary medical conditions), please let us know by calling our front desk at 614-292-6024 or emailing
fcob-careerserv@osu.edu
immediately so that we can establish reasonable accommodations. We also encourage you to register with OSU's Student Life Disability Services (SLDS).
SLDS contact information:
slds@osu.edu
; 614-292-3307;
slds.osu.edu
; 098 Baker Hall, 113 W. 12
th
Avenue.
OCM Highlights:
Our team of
Career Coaches
is made up of 12 full-time staff members and 7
Peer Career Consultants.
These Career Consultants provide one-on-one consultation to students on topics such as resume-writing, interview preparation, job and internship search, job offer evaluation and negotiation, preparing for a career fair, personal branding and using LinkedIn, and much more.
We conduct hundreds of
QUIC interviews
(mock interviews) annually and provide personalized feedback to students through this nationally recognized interview preparation program.
We have
Peer Career Coaches
(current junior and senior Fisher students) who provide walk-in resume critiques and LinkedIn profile reviews for students.
Our
Interview Skills Video series
has over
2 million views
on Youtube
The Career Management Undergraduate Team conducts many
career-related workshops, class presentations, and student organization presentations
each year.
We host two career fairs annually: the Fisher Fall Career Fair (early September) and the Fisher Spring Internship and Job Fair (late January/early February).
Follow the
Office of Career Management on LinkedIn
.
Did you know?
92%
of Fisher Undergraduate Students graduated with internship, or other major-related work experience
The top hiring companies of our undergraduate students are:
JPMorgan Chase & Co., EY, PwC, Cardinal Health, Deloitte, LBrands, Abercrombie & Fitch, Nationwide, Amazon, Key Bank/Key Banc National Markets
Student testimonials
"My Career Consultant was supportive and genuinely cared about improving my interviewing skills. I am thankful that I was able to receive this kind of interviewing practice and feedback about my answers. I feel prepared and confident going into my future interviews." --Fisher student on their QUIC interview experience
"[My Peer Career Coach] was great! She made me feel much more confident with resume formatting and more prepared for the career fair..." --Fisher student regarding their Peer Career Coach walk-in visit
Reserve a Quiet Space in the Office of Career Management
If you need a quiet space for a virtual interview, study space or project meeting the Office of Career Management has up to 7 rooms to reserve in advance. Rooms are available to students when not in use by employers/recruiters and are on a first-come, first-serve basis. The OCM is open Monday- Friday 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM during the academic year and 7:30 AM - 4:30 PM during the summer.  Rooms are not available during school breaks or holidays. Click on the link above to make a reservation at least 24 hours prior. You will receive an email confirmation within 24 business hours.
Find & Contact Us
LinkedIn
Submit an Internship Success Story