URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/global-opportunities/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate Global Programs | Fisher College of Business

Undergraduate Global Programs
Get Started
Find Your Global Program
Take the following quiz to see what Fisher programs fit your interests and career goals!
Global Program Quiz
Fund Your Global Experience
Apply for a Fisher Global Grant. You may earn $750 - $1,750 toward a Fisher global program!
Funding Options
Fill Out an Interest Form & Ask Questions
Submit a Student Interest form to ask questions and stay updated on program deadlines.
Interest Form
Browse our programs and bring your questions to Walk-In Wednesdays 12-3pm!
Short-term: Programs ranging from 10 days to five weeks
Short-term Study Abroad
Global Labs
Explore global business centers for 10-12 days during semester breaks.
Summer Exchange
Study abroad for a summer (3-5 weeks) at a top-ranked Exchange Partner.
Short-term Experiential
Global Consulting
Learn consulting techniques through company projects in global locations.
European Innovation Academy
Gain a hands-on, real-life experience creating a startup with peers from around the world.
Global Case Competitions
Compete with teams from around the world in a Global Case Competition.
Long-term: Programs ranging from eight to 24 weeks
Long-term Study Abroad
Semester Exchange
Study abroad for a semester (16-24 weeks) at a top-ranked Exchange Partner.
Third Party Provider Global Education
Study at a university abroad with support from a partner organization.
Long-term Experiential
Global Internships
Work in a global internship for 8-12 weeks, during a summer or a semester.
Ohio Export Internship Program (OEIP)
Work in a 12-week, paid summer internship and make a global impact for an Ohio company by expanding Ohio exports.
Global Option in Business
Completing any global program through Fisher College of Business will fulfill a core requirement of the Global Option in Business (GO BUS) program, a university-approved micro-credential to show your global experience and achievements. Add GO BUS to your degree audit today!
Network & Learn
Information Sessions and Events
Ohio State panel focuses on attracting international businesses to Buckeye State
Peer Advising with our Global Ambassadors
Explore Student Experiences
Student Blogs
@FisherGoGlobal on Instagram
Global Business at Ohio State on LinkedIn
The Office of Global Business Team
The Office of Global Business is located on the second floor of Mason Hall. Please reach out to us individually at the link below or send any questions to our email below.
Meet the Office of Global Business team!
614-688-4488
fcob-global@osu.edu