URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/undergraduate/graduation
TITLE: Graduation | Fisher College of Business

Undergraduate Programs
Graduation
Each student will receive their actual diploma during the graduation ceremony.
The Ohio State University holds 3 commencement ceremonies per year, one after each term ends:
Fall Commencement = December
Spring Commencement = May
Summer Commencement = August
Application Instructions
All students must apply for graduation
to get on the list for graduation and to receive their diploma.  If you do not apply, you will not be on the list and will not receive a diploma.
A graduation application needs to be submitted one year prior to your expected graduation date. Grad apps are submitted online by clicking the red "Apply for Graduation Now" button below. A feedback email will be sent within 8-12 weeks of submission.
If you are completing a minor or Second Major (M2), you must upload a Minor Form or Second Major (M2) Form to your graduation application.  If your grad app is missing the form, it will be denied and you will need to submit a new grad app with the correct form uploaded.  See the “Important Forms” section below for more information.
Apply for Graduation Now
Current Graduating Seniors — Important Information
Name Changes
How to change your name on your official graduation diploma:
Go to Buckeyelink to see how your name will be listed on the diploma.
Go to Personal Information section and click on Diploma Name.  Your name will be displayed the way it will appear on your Diploma.  Follow the directions to make any changes.
This link will be available through the 10th week of the term in which you have applied to graduate.
This is NOT an official name change.
The name entered will only be used for printing the diploma and the commencement program. Transcripts and enrollment verification will continue to use your primary name. If you need to update your primary name, please complete a Request for Change of Record
Change of Record
by the end of the 10th week before commencement.
Questions? Email
FCOB-graduation@osu.edu
Specializations, Minors and Second Majors Changes
Specializations, minors, and second majors appear on your transcript, not your diploma. If you see that a specialization, minor, or second major is not listed, or if you are dropping one, email
FCOB-graduation@osu.edu
Dual Degrees
If you are earning a second degree from another college at OSU (dual degree), please know that all dual degrees require extra hours and coursework to be completed. Review dual degree vs second major rules and instructions here:
https://go.osu.edu/gradapp-dualinfo
.
You must submit a graduation application with your other college of enrollment to ensure you are good for your other degree as well.  For questions, email
FCOB-graduation@osu.edu
Honors Information
Latin Honors
3.5-3.69:
Cum Laude
3.7-3.89:
Magna Cum Laude
3.9-4.00:
Summa Cum Laude
If you do not see Latin Honors on your record even though you have the GPA, check your number of earned hours at The Ohio State University.
In order to qualify for Latin Honors, you will
need a minimum of 60 hours of enrollment in courses graded A-E at The Ohio State University and an OSU cumulative GPA of 3.5 or higher
.
Upon completing 60 hours and earning a 3.5 or higher, you are then eligible to wear Honors cords. Latin Honors are based on your grades prior to your last semester.
If your GPA goes up your final semester, your diploma and permanent record will show the change and you can wear Honors cords. However, the Commencement program is printed before the final grades are in and will only reflect any Latin Honors determined in the previous semester.
Fisher Honors Programs
If you are currently in one of the following Honors programs and successfully complete all the requirements necessary to fulfill your Honors program, you will be graduating with Honors and will have that designation on your diploma. Please see a Fisher Honors Advisor to make sure you are on track with your program or if you have any questions about what you need to do to be successful in completing your Honors requirements:
FCOB-honors@osu.edu
Accounting Honors
Finance Honors
Honors Cohort
Honors Leadership
Integrated Business & Engineering (IBE) Honors
Outstanding Transfer Credit
All transfer credit taken before your final semester needs to be posted to your OSU account by Week 7 of your graduating term.
If you are taking any transfer credits in your final semester, email
FCOB-graduation@osu.edu
to inform Graduation Services. Pending transfer credits must be accurately recorded to the student's individual record in the system to ensure timely graduation.
When ordering a transcript, please request that your transcripts be sent electronically. This
website
outlines instructions on how to get your transcript credit sent to OSU.
Frequently Asked Questions
Does Fisher have its own ceremony or events related to graduation?
Typically, Fisher does not have its own ceremony related to commencement.  However, if the ULEO or Development offices have events, activities, or gifts for graduates and their families,
information can be found here
.
How does my family get into the country if they are traveling from somewhere outside the U.S. to attend my commencement ceremony?
This process begins with you writing an “invitation letter." Find
more information here
.
How do I change or confirm the name on my diploma?
You may update the name that will appear on your diploma between
the time that a graduation application has been received and the 10
th
Friday of the term you are graduating
. You can edit your name by logging into your My Buckeye Link page, scrolling to the
Personal Information
header and clicking on the blue
Diploma Name
link. Any diploma or permanent name change request received after the 10
th
Friday of the term you are graduating will not be updated, and a new diploma must be ordered after commencement from the Office of Special Events for $25.
How can I find out my line number for the commencement ceremony?
Please refer to the Week 14 email sent from Fisher Graduation Services for your specific line number.
Still have questions? Please email
FCOB-graduation@osu.edu
for a response within 24-48 business hours.
What to Expect Commencement Day
Each student is assigned a number, called a “line number” for the ceremony. The purpose of this is so that all students walk in and are seated in the correct order for the ceremony, so that they are given the correct diploma.
You must stay in your place in line and walk quickly when your line moves so everyone remains in the correct order to receive the right diploma.
Individual names are not called for undergraduates during the ceremony.
Diplomas will be handed out by a Fisher staff member or Fisher’s Dean.
Each diploma is in a red padded case, but it is put in a white envelope with your given name printed in black marker on the outside.
When diplomas are being given out, you must listen for or say your given name so that you are handed the right diploma.
Example: If your first name is Andrew but you go by Drew or your middle name, you need to be ready to say and hear Andrew.
Example: If your first name is Zuojing but you go by Andrew at the University, you need to be ready to say and hear Zuojing
If you are a graduate with a permanent or temporary disability, contact the Commencement Office at 614-292-9051.
University Commencement Information
Visit the
OSU Commencement
webpage for more information regarding the following subjects:
Location, Date, and Time
of Ceremony
Tickets
Parking
Inclement Weather
Diplomas
Cap, Gown, and Tassel
If you are not wearing the correct cap, gown, and tassel (aka, academic costume) for commencement, you will not be allowed to walk in the ceremony to get your diploma.
Unable To Attend
You must fill out a Ceremony Excuse Form to get your diploma another way if you cannot attend the ceremony.  The Ceremony Excuse Form can be found in the “Important Forms” section below.
Final Semester Timeline
Week 1
If there is a problem with your grad app or Buckeye Degree Planner (BDP), you will be notified via email.  This will allow you to make any necessary changes during the first week of classes.
Week 4
Fisher Graduation Services will send an email during Week 4 to all of that term’s graduates.  This email will include the timing and location for the Commencement ceremony, how to resolve any outstanding issues with your record or transfer credit, how to check your diploma name, and an explanation about Latin Honors.
Week 7
If there are any remaining problems with your grad app or Buckeye Degree Planner (BDP), you will be notified via email.
Week 8
Fisher Graduation Services will send an email during Week 8.  This email will include all Week 4 information as well as what steps you are required to take if you are not attending graduation.
Week 10
No new applications will be accepted after the 10th Friday of the term of graduation.
Week 12
Fisher Graduation Services will send an email during Week 12.  This email will include your
specific
information: diploma name, specializations, minors, 2
nd
majors, and Honors. If anything is incorrect, contact
FCOB-graduation@osu.edu
as soon as possible.  It also includes what steps you are required to take if you are not attending graduation.
Week 14
Fisher Graduation Services will send an email during Week 14.  This email will include the timing and location for the Commencement ceremony, your line number, and the final grade posting deadline.
Important Forms
Minor Form
If you will be graduating with a minor, use the minor form or submit an approved form from the department granting the minor. Upload this form to your graduation application when you apply.
Minor Form
Second Major Form (M2)
If you are completing a second major outside of Fisher College of Business, please complete and upload this form to your online graduation application.
M2 Form
Commencement Ceremony Excuse Form
If you are unable to attend the official commencement ceremony, fill out the following form and email it to Bobbie Kirby at
kirby.72@osu.edu
Commencement Excuse Form
Columbus State Community College Early Grade Release Form
Taking credit at Columbus State Community College your last term? See
Early Grade Release instructions
.
Please note: Students may only use the early grade release form if it is their last, graduating term.
Priority Scheduling
To receive a graduating senior scheduling window, grad apps should be turned in by the deadlines below:
Intended Term of Graduation
Apply By This Date to Receive Priority Scheduling
Last Day to Apply to Graduate
Spring 2026
N/A
March 27, 2026
Summer 2026
February 6, 2026
July 17, 2026
Autumn 2026
February 6, 2026
October 30, 2026
Spring 2027
February 6, 2026
March 26, 2027
Questions?
Jaimi Knisley
, Graduation Services Senior Specialist
Bobbie Kirby,
Commencement Specialist
Email:
FCOB-graduation@osu.edu
Phone: (614) 292-2715