URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/campus-change-students
TITLE: Campus Change Students | Fisher College of Business

Undergraduate Programs
Campus Change Students
If you are currently attending a regional campus and would like to relocate to Columbus, below is the criteria for students applying to campus change to Fisher.
Note: We will accept Pass (PA) grades completed in Spring and Autumn 2020 for Math 1131/1151 and English 1110.01
Minimum OSU GPA of 3.10 or above
Completion of Math 1131 or 1151 or equivalent and prerequisites with grades of a C or better or Pass (PA) in Spring and/or Autumn 2020
Completion of English 1110.01 or equivalent with a grade of a C or better or Pass (PA) in Spring and/or Autumn 2020
Completion of 30 semester hours of coursework earned post-high-school graduation
Completion of a minimum of 12 semester hours of OSU letter-graded earned credit
Please note: Meeting application requirements does not guarantee admission.
Applying to Campus Change
Newark Campus Students
ONLY
For students eligible to campus change, you will need to complete the Campus Change Module in Carmen.
How to enroll in the module
.
All other Regional Campus Students
Once you have met the above requirements,
you must meet with your advisor to complete the campus change process
. You may begin the campus change process while you are still completing the requirements to change to the Columbus campus, but your application will not be processed until all requirements have been met. This meeting is not optional.
The campus change decision will be sent to your OSU e-mail address.
Each term, the Registrar identifies students who have not properly completed the campus-change process and places a hold on their records.
Admission to Major Program and Special Criteria
Application for acceptance to major program and specialization in the Fisher College of Business may be submitted for consideration when the following set of criteria is met:
Requirements for application to Major Program
Minimum OSU GPA of 3.10 or better
(3.0 or better for Business Management)
Completion of English 1110 or equivalent with a grade of C or better or Pass (PA) in Spring and/or Autumn 2020
Completion of Math 1131 or 1151 or equivalent and prerequisites with grades of C or better or Pass (PA) in Spring and/or Autumn 2020
Completion of 26 semester hours of course work (this includes transfer credit, EM, AP, PSEO)
Completion of a minimum of 12 semester hours of OSU letter-graded earned hours. *Must be completed post high school graduation*
Please note: Meeting application requirements does not guarantee admission.
Apply to Business
Important Notes
Current Ohio State students may apply to the Business Administration major program by submitting an online application.
Applications are made available one month prior to each application deadline:
Autum semester application deadline: June 1
Spring semester application deadline: September 15
Summer semester application deadline: January 31
All requirements must be met the semester prior to appplication!
Once admitted to the major program, a professional program fee and technology fee is assessed every term to students in Fisher's undergraduate professional program. Fees are subject to annual review and may change without notice. (Note: students pursuing the Business Management specialization on the regional campuses do not pay a program and technology fee.)
Admissions decision will be sent to your OSU email address. It is your responsibility to check your account and to be sure it is functioning properly.
Registering for Classes
Registering for classes at the Columbus campus is done through BuckeyeLink and should happen as soon as your enrollment appointment opens. Work with your advisor on the regional campus, if you have questions, but registering for classes on the Columbus campus is very similar to registering on regional campuses.
Student already in the major program and specialization in business:
If you are currently attending a regional campus and have already been accepted into the Major Program and Specialization in Fisher College of Business, but would like to relocate to Columbus, meet with your academic advisor to complete the campus change process.
Current Students: Schedule an Appointment