URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/undergraduate/admissions
TITLE: Admissions | Fisher College of Business

Undergraduate Programs
Admissions
Creating Business Leaders.
At the Fisher College of Business, our rigorous, action-based
curriculum
is designed to empower students. Through immersive, real-world learning experiences such as case competitions, consulting projects, internships, and global opportunities, students gain the practical skills and confidence needed to explore their passions and launch meaningful careers. Our programs emphasize critical thinking, data-driven decision-making, and ethical leadership, ensuring graduates are well-prepared to thrive in today’s dynamic business environment.
Leadership development is at the core of the Fisher experience. Students engage in leadership training, mentorship programs, and student organizations that foster personal growth and professional readiness. With a strong commitment to community engagement and global citizenship, Fisher students are equipped to make an immediate and lasting impact—locally and around the world.
Admission Requirements
Admission to The Ohio State University is competitive and selective.
Prospective business students must first apply and be admitted to the university
. When completing the application, students should indicate “Business” or select one of
Fisher’s specializations
as their intended major to be considered for direct enrollment into the college.
Flexible Pathways to a BSBA Degree
The Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (BSBA) degree can be pursued at Ohio State’s main campus in Columbus or at one of four regional campuses: Lima, Mansfield, Marion, or Newark. These regional campuses offer a supportive environment and a seamless transition to the Columbus campus, where students can complete upper-level coursework and access additional resources. For more information about regional campus options and to connect with a Regional Business Advisor, please visit the
Regional Programs page
.
Which type of applicant are you?
Future Students
Are you a first-year student, a transfer applicant, or an international student ready to begin your journey at Fisher College of Business?
Explore how to apply and take the next step toward your future in business.
Future Students
Current Ohio State Student (Major Change)
Are you a current Ohio State student at the Columbus campus thinking about switching your major to business?
Review our step-by-step guide to change to apply to Fisher and begin your business journey.
Switch to Business
Ohio State Campus Change Student
Are you a current Ohio State student at one of our regional campuses? Fisher offers a
seamless transition to the Columbus campus, where students can complete upper-level coursework and access additional resources.
Review our campus change criteria and speak with your academic advisor at the regional campus to begin the application process today.
Campus Change Students
Meet our Admissions Team
Trish Jefferson
Samantha Hodik
Juleanna Smith
Trish Jefferson
Director, Undergraduate Admissions & Recruitment
Trish is originally from upstate New York but has worked at Ohio State since 2003. Her favorite spot on campus is Mirror Lake and stopping by the Mirror Lake Creamery to get fresh, local made ice-cream.
futureundergrad@fisher.osu.edu or jefferson.69@osu.edu
Office: (614) 292-7191
Samantha Hodik
Assistant Director, Undergraduate Admissions & Recruitment
Sam is originally from a small town in northeast Ohio. She has been working at Ohio State since 2013. Her favorite part of being a Buckeye is the reach of Ohio State; she has had the opportunity to travel abroad twice with students to London, England and Kathmandu, Nepal.
futureundergrad@fisher.osu.edu or hodik.1@osu.edu
Office: (614) 292-7191
Juleanna Smith
Admissions Counselor, Undergraduate Programs
Juleanna is originally from the Cleveland, Ohio area. She has been working at Ohio State since 2022. Her favorite place on campus is the top floor of the Thompson Library because of the incredible view of downtown Columbus and the Ohio State campus.
futureundergrad@fisher.osu.edu or smith.16076@osu.edu
Office: (614) 292-7191