URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/future-students/high-school-counselor-information
TITLE: High School Counselor Information | Fisher College of Business

High School Counselor Information
High School Counselors play an integral part in the college search process for prospective students! We appreciate this opportunity to share information about Ohio State and Fisher College of Business.
Important Information
Admission Criteria
Applicants are strongly encouraged to complete their applications by
Ohio State’s early action deadline
of
November 1, 2025.
The benefits of meeting the November 1st priority deadline are early notification of our decision regarding your admission to Ohio State and first consideration for
merit scholarships
and
Honors and Scholars Programs
.
Please note:
ACT and/or SAT is required for admission to the Columbus campus.
Direct admission criteria for Columbus campus - Autumn and Spring 2026
Applicants to The Ohio State University’s Columbus campus are considered for admission on a competitive basis. Students are
strongly encouraged
to review
Ohio State’s application review process
and admission criteria.
Students who are admitted to The Ohio State University- Columbus campus are directly admitted to Fisher College of Business and their first-choice
specialization
.
Visit Options
We offer a variety of visit opportunities for students and guests. Review our
plan a visit website
for detailed visit options:
Fisher Open House Information & Tour sessions on Monday, Friday, and select Saturday afternoons throughout the year.
Individual Fisher campus tours led by student ambassadors are available most days of the week, including virtual options.
Admitted student visits available most Mondays and Fridays from January to May each year.
Large group visits - email Samantha Hodik at hodik.1@osu.edu (please allow at least a 2 week notice)
Business Major Preparation
High school students looking to strengthen their academic foundation should consider the following:
Pre-calculus, Calculus, Statistics, Economics
English composition and courses that further develop oral and written communication skills
View the
full list of accepted AP courses
Participation in student leadership organizations such as DECA, FBLA, internship programs, etc.
Fisher Summer Programs
Business Bootcamp
Business Bootcamp is an opportunity for students from Ohio high schools to gain information and the tools necessary to be successful college applicants. This program is intended for rising juniors and seniors who do not have access to or prior experience with college readiness programs. Join other motivated students from across the state to interact with current Fisher students, alumni, faculty, and business leaders to start building your collegiate toolkit. Application for summer 2025 program is open now until May 19th.
More info on summer programs
Contact Undergraduate Admissions & Recruitment
The Undergraduate Admissions & Recruitment staff at Fisher is focused on supporting the success of future students. Ask any questions you may have.
614-292-7191
futureundergrad@fisher.osu.edu
Transfer students reach out to FCOB-transfer@osu.edu