URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/application-faqs
TITLE: Application FAQ's | Fisher College of Business

Undergraduate Programs
Application FAQ's
Please read carefully.
Does applying as a business major determine if I am admitted to the Ohio State University?
No. We first review applications on a major-blind basis, determining your admission to the Ohio State University. If you are admitted to the University, then your admission to Fisher is considered. We are a direct admit College, meaning if you are admitted into OSU Columbus campus, you are directly admitted into Fisher College of Business.
When will I receive my OSU admission decision? When will I hear from Fisher?
OSU has rolling admission, students who applied by November 1 (early action deadline) will hear any time between December and the end of January. Students who applied after November 1 will hear end of February through the end of March. Once a student has been accepted into OSU, they will receive notification from Fisher approximately 2 weeks later.
What if I didn’t mark business on my application and want to be considered for Fisher?
If a student did not mark business on their application to the university, they should contact Admissions after being accepted into OSU. After orientation students will need to complete at least one semester at OSU and meet
Current OSU Student
criteria to switch.
**International students are not permitted to change majors prior to orientation.
What if I’m interested in double specializing in Fisher?
Only one area of specialization is required to fulfill requirements for the BSBA degree. Students are only guaranteed one specialization in a 4-year time frame. Students can only be listed as one specialization at a time on the system and are only able to complete one specialization at a time. Priority seating is given to students in their primary specialization only. Students who choose to pursue a second specialization are
not guaranteed
enrollment in course work for a second specialization and it may delay a 4-year graduation.
Please contact a business advisor to talk about your options and discuss your individual plan in more detail.
Can I switch majors into the business school once I'm at OSU?
Current Ohio State students can apply to the major program and specialization after completing a certain set of criteria. Please see our
current OSU students website
for more details.
What if I forgot to indicate Honors or Scholars on my application but am now interested?
Freshmen students need to indicate their interest in Honors & Scholars on their application. If you did not indicate Honors or Scholars on the application, you need to contact University Honors & Scholars by December in order to be considered. Students who earn a 3.5 or higher cumulative GPA after their first semester will be invited to apply to University Honors at that time.
How will SAT or ACT test optional effect my application?
SAT or ACT test scores are required.
Standardized test scores from ACT or SAT are required for applicants to the Columbus campus.
Ohio State must receive official scores by deadline
.
October 4 (SAT)
and
September 6 (ACT)
are your last 2025 test dates if you want your scores to be considered for early action or spring term (both have a November 1 deadlines).
You're not required to submit scores if you will have been
out of high school for two or more years
by your term of enrollment.
Ohio State uses the composite score that ACT provides. Because the science section is no longer part of the ACT composite score, it's not necessary to submit the optional science section to Ohio State.
Ohio State uses superscoring, which means we use a student’s highest section scores from multiple test attempts. Taking the test (and having scores sent to us) more than once, while not required, may work to your advantage.
Contact Undergraduate Admissions & Recruitment
The Undergraduate Admissions & Recruitment staff at Fisher is focused on supporting the success of future students. Ask any questions you may have.
614-292-7191
futureundergrad@fisher.osu.edu
Transfer students reach out to FCOB-transfer@osu.edu