URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/transfer-credit
TITLE: Transfer Credit | Fisher College of Business

Undergraduate Programs
Transfer Credit
Transfer Student Advising Hours
Are you admitted and interested in speaking with a Fisher academic advisor? Please join us for transfer advising hours every Monday and Thursday from 11am-12pm throughout the spring semester. This appointment will take place via Teams.
Schedule Your Transfer Appointment
Transfer Credit Evaluation Information
This page provides information for prospective and current students who have already completed business courses at another institution
or
current Ohio State students who are seeking pre-evaluation to take business courses at another institution.
For example, you are a current OSU student and would like to take a summer class at an institution near your home and have the course evaluated for equivalency prior to taking it.
Students are encouraged to read this page thoroughly and complete the following steps.
Courses that have already been completed at another college or university
A final, official transcript with grades posted must be sent to
The Ohio State University
. Transcripts
should not
be sent directly to the College of Business. Unofficial transcripts will not be accepted.
Once the Registrar's Office has processed your transcript, your transfer credits will appear on a
Transfer Credit Report
. Review your Transfer Credit Report carefully.
If credits are posted as direct equivalents, you do not need to take any further action. Questions about how a direct equivalent course will apply toward degree requirements should be directed to your academic advisor.
If credits are posted as General (ex. BUSML G000.01) or Special (ex. BUSADM S000.01), further evaluation will be needed.
Business or Accounting courses that come in as General or Special credit can be submitted for further evaluation.
General credit
is awarded when there may be an equivalent course at Ohio State, but the Transfer Credit Center is unable to make that determination. General credit coursework must be further evaluated by the appropriate academic department. Otherwise, the credit will
not be applied
toward degree totals.
Special credit
is awarded when a direct course equivalency does not exist at Ohio State. Students should consult their college/department to determine if special credit may be used to fulfill degree program requirements.
To have Business or Accounting courses reviewed, complete the
Transfer Credit Evaluation Form
.
The evaluation process can take up to 4 weeks. We are not able to expedite requests, so please plan accordingly.
I am planning to take a course at another college or university in the future
Review with your academic advisor which courses may be appropriate to consider taking at another institution. It is recommended you
do not
take a prerequisite course at another institution. This will likely delay your progress when planning future courses.
Review Fisher’s transfer credit policies carefully. See the specific requirements below in the “Commonly Asked Questions” section.
Once you have identified the institution and course you are considering, submit the course for pre-evaluation using the
Transfer Credit Evaluation Form
.
Plan ahead! The evaluation process can take up to 4 weeks. We are not able to expedite requests, so please plan accordingly.
If you take courses at another institution without pre-evaluation, you do so at your own risk. There is NO guarantee the course will be approved.
Pre-evaluation is not a guarantee of approved transfer credit. A final review must be done after the course is completed.
If the course syllabus initially submitted is not determined to be the same course actually completed, it will be denied.
For example, student submitted a generic 16 week syllabus for pre-evaluation. Student actually completes a 5 week version of the course that omits topics and does not provide the same depth of coverage – this course will be denied.
Taking courses at an international institution
Current Ohio State students considering a study abroad/exchange program should meet with their academic advisor to discuss these plans.
Courses should be pre-evaluated well before the term you plan to go abroad.
Fisher will only consider international institution credit for Business courses from the following:
Must be an
AACSB (Advance Collegiate Schools of Business)
accredited institution (member institution status does not count) OR an established Fisher undergraduate exchange program partner.
Courses completed during the summer term or through a summer program at an international institution that is not AACSB-accredited or a Fisher partner will be considered for elective credit only.
Commonly Asked Questions
What are the Fisher Transfer Credit Evaluation Policies?
Fisher’s Transfer Credit Evaluation Policies cover Business and Accounting courses that are part of the business minors, business foundation, core, and specializations.
1. Transfer credit for the business minors, foundation, core, and specialization will only be considered if it was/is completed at an AACSB institution or international institutions that are current undergraduate exchange program partners with the Fisher College of Business.
Exceptions may be made for approved Ohio 2- and 4-year public institutions. Please consult with your academic advisor regarding any questions.
Non-AACSB institutions (outside of the Ohio Public exceptions) will be automatically denied.
2. A maximum of 3 semester hours of approved transfer credit may be applied toward your specialization coursework.
3. All students must complete a Residency Requirement. 30 semester Business, Accounting and Economics credit hours must be completed at Ohio State – Fisher to graduate.
Should I have courses evaluated before I take them at another institution?
Yes! Current Ohio State students planning to take a course at another institution should submit the course for pre-evaluation. Students will submit the
Transfer Credit Evaluation form
and indicate “yes” for pre-evaluation.
Pre-evaluation is not a guarantee of approved transfer credit. A final review must be done after the course is completed.
If the course syllabus initially submitted is not determined to be the same course actually completed, it will be denied.
Plan ahead! The evaluation process can take up to 4 weeks. We are not able to expedite requests, so please plan accordingly.
Should I plan to take a prerequisite course at another institution?
Fisher’s policy states that if a student takes a prerequisite course at another institution, they must complete it and provide proof of the final grade before enrolling in or waitlisting for the next course in the sequence at Ohio State.
It is the student’s responsibility to provide the proof of final grade in the prerequisite course via an unofficial or official transcript before they can enroll in or waitlist for the next course.
Additionally, Fisher is unable to hold or reserve a seat in the next course in the sequence, and the student runs the risk of delaying graduation if they chose to take a prerequisite elsewhere.
If a student does decide to take class(es) somewhere else, they must send their final, official transcript to OSU using the instructions found at the
University Registrar's Transfer Credit page
once their final grade is posted.
We recommend using the website
Transferology.com
to look for equivalents between schools. If a student thinks they’ve found one, please email a
Fisher advisor
the institution and the course, and we can verify it for the student before they take it.
Should I plan to take courses at another institution during my final semester at Ohio State?
You must first meet with your academic advisor! This should only be considered when no other options exist. Courses must be submitted for pre-evaluation and there is no guarantee of approval. If a course is reviewed, official transcripts with final grades must be submitted. Without final transcripts received in time, you will not graduate.
How long does it take to receive my evaluation results?
Transfer credit evaluation requests may be submitted any time throughout the year. If you want results before your next scheduling appointment, allow up to 4 weeks for review and processing.
Can I have credits evaluated if I am not a current OSU student?
Transfer credits evaluations are completed for current Ohio State students and recently admitted students only.
Where would I submit non-business courses for review?
Each academic department has an evaluation process. Please refer to the
Department Credit Evaluator list
for contact information and details.
Ohio Course Guides
Cleveland State
Check out our business course guide for information on business courses that directly transfer from Cleveland State to Fisher College of Business.
Please note, this is not an extensive list of transferable courses, check out our
Specialization Sheets
listed under each specialization for a full detailed business curriculum required for graduation.
Cleveland State
This course guide is updated at the beginning of each academic year and is subject to change. Please work directly with your academic advisor at your current institution for course scheduling.
Columbus State Community College (CSCC)
Check out our business course guide for information on business courses that directly transfer from CSCC to Fisher College of Business.
Please note, this is not an extensive list of transferable courses, check out our
Specialization Sheets
listed under each specialization for a full detailed business curriculum required for graduation.
Columbus State
This course guide is updated at the beginning of each academic year and is subject to change. Please work directly with your academic advisor at your current institution for course scheduling.
Cuyahoga Community College (Tri-C)
Check out our business course guide for information on business courses that directly transfer from Tri-C to Fisher College of Business.
Please note, this is not an extensive list of transferable courses, check out our
Specialization Sheets
listed under each specialization for a full detailed business curriculum required for graduation.
Tri-C
This course guide is updated at the beginning of each academic year and is subject to change. Please work directly with your academic advisor at your current institution for course scheduling.
Lakeland Community College
Check out our business course guide for information on business courses that directly transfer from Lakeland to Fisher College of Business.
Please note, this is not an extensive list of transferable courses, check out our
Specialization Sheets
listed under each specialization for a full detailed business curriculum required for graduation.
Lakeland
This course guide is updated at the beginning of each academic year and is subject to change. Please work directly with your academic advisor at your current institution for course scheduling.
Owens Community College
Check out our business course guide for information on business courses that directly transfer from Owens to Fisher College of Business.
Please note, this is not an extensive list of transferable courses, check out our
Specialization Sheets
listed under each specialization for a full detailed business curriculum required for graduation.
Owens
This course guide is updated at the beginning of each academic year and is subject to change. Please work directly with your academic advisor at your current institution for course scheduling.
Sinclair Community College
Check out our business course guide for information on business courses that directly transfer from Owens to Fisher College of Business.
Please note, this is not an extensive list of transferable courses, check out our
Specialization Sheets
listed under each specialization for a full detailed business curriculum required for graduation.
Sinclair
This course guide is updated at the beginning of each academic year and is subject to change. Please work directly with your academic advisor at your current institution for course scheduling.
Current Students: Schedule an Appointment