URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/current-osu-students
TITLE: Current OSU Students | Fisher College of Business

Undergraduate Programs
Current OSU Students
Admission to Major Program and Specialization Criteria
This process is for current OSU students only.
Admission to the major program in the Fisher College of Business is determined by the available enrollment capacity, size and quality of the application pool and
therefore is not guaranteed.
Individual specializations are competitive; GPA requirements for each specialization will fluctuate with each applicant pool. Students who are not competitive for their first specialization choice will be considered for their alternate selection.
Requirements for application to major
Students who plan to apply to Fisher College of Business Major Program and Specialization must follow the application criteria stated below.
NOTE:
We will accept Pass (PA) grades completed in Spring 2020 and Autumn 2020 for Math 1131/1151 or English 1110.
Minimum Ohio State GPA of 3.10 or better
Completion of English 1110 or any Writing and Information Literacy (WIL) GE with a grade of C or better
Completion of Math 1131 or 1151 or equivalent with grade of C or better
Completion of 26 semester hours of course work (this includes transfer credit, EM, AP, PSEO)
Completion of a minimum of 12 semester hours of Ohio State
letter-graded
credit *Must be earned post-high school graduation*
Apply to Business Major
Speak to a Business Advisor
Important notes:
Current Ohio State students may apply to the Business major program by submitting an
online application
.
Are you already a current business student?
Please email your
current advisor
to submit a change of specialization request by the below deadlines.
Applications are made available one month prior to each application deadline:
Autumn semester application deadline:
June 1
Spring semester application deadline:
September 15
Summer/Autumn semester application deadline:
January 31
(even if not planning to take summer courses)
Once admitted to the major program, a professional
program fee and technology fee
is assessed every term. Fees are subject to annual review and may change without notice.
Admissions decisions will be sent to applicants OSU email address. It is your responsibility to check your account and to be sure it is functioning properly.
Current Students: Schedule an Appointment