URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/undergraduate/switch-major-business
TITLE: Switch Major To Business | Fisher College of Business

Switch Major To Business
If you’re a current OSU student interested in changing your major to Business, or adding Business as a 2nd degree, review the information below.
Office Hours and Advising Information
Office Hours:
Office Hours for the Spring 2026 semester can be
found here
.
There will be no office hours on Friday, March 27, 2026.
Please find the Zoom link for those meetings here
: [
ZOOM LINK
]
If you have further questions, please email
FCOB-majorchanger@osu.edu
You will receive a response within 48 business hours.
Aptitudes & Interests
Students majoring in Business should have aptitudes in:
Working with financial data and numbers
Engaging in both group and individual coursework
Demonstrating excellent communication skills
Enjoying competition and satisfaction from achieving goals
Application Criteria & Deadlines
Requirements for application to major:
Students who plan to apply to the Fisher College of Business Major Program and Specialization must follow the application criteria stated below.
NOTE:
We will accept Pass (PA) grades completed in Spring 2020 and Autumn 2020 for Math 1131/1151 or English 1110.
Minimum Ohio State GPA of 3.10 or better
Completion of English 1110 or any Writing and Information Literacy (WIL) GE with a grade of C or better
Completion of Math 1131 or 1151 or equivalent with a grade of C or better
Completion of 26 semester hours of coursework (this includes transfer credit, EM, AP, PSEO)
Completion of a minimum of 12 semester hours of Ohio State
letter-graded
credit *Must be earned post-high school graduation*
Application information is available at the link below. When you meet the application criteria, you can apply directly to the major during the next application period.
Application periods are:
May 1 – June 1 for Autumn admission
August 15 – September 15 for Spring admission
January 1 – January 31 for Summer admission
Application Information
Resources
Specialization Exploration
Please use the following links to explore Fisher's 12 specializations and potential career paths.
Fisher College of Business Specialization Sheets
Office of Career Management Explore Careers PowerPoints
Pathways to Business
Please utilize this handout to look at other business-related majors across the University.
Pathways to Business
Once Admitted
All new major change students are required complete one of the following steps in their first semester in Fisher prior to registering for classes for the upcoming term.
A registration lock will be placed on a student’s account and will be removed once they have attended a workshop*:
Take BUSADM 1200 - Business Survey II - (1 credit hour):
This seminar class addresses the needs of the major change population. All students will work directly with our advising team to develop a comprehensive academic, professional, and personal plan for success. Students will also connect with other new major change students and current upper-classmen to network on leadership and work experience opportunities.
Attend a Major Change Workshop (Workshop dates will be provided via OSU email to newly admitted students within the first 4 weeks of the term):
In this in-person 2-hour workshop, a team of academic advisors will share key support resources to help students understand the curriculum and identify their short- and long-term goals for gaining leadership and work experience. Students will also learn about resources and opportunities unique to the College of Business.
*If a student chooses to take BUSADM 1200 in the upcoming semester, they will not have a hold placed on their record
Hear a current student perspective
Questions?
FCOB-majorchanger@osu.edu