URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/undergraduate/academics/honors/finance
TITLE: Finance Honors Program | Fisher College of Business

Undergraduate Programs
Finance Honors Program
Join the Finance Honors Program and become a financial leader ready to handle tomorrow's challenges and shape the future of global markets!
Finance Honors is a two-year holistic program that educates and develops future business leaders. The program attracts finance students who are high-performing, driven and from all backgrounds. Students expand their qualitative and quantitative skills, while sharpening their abilities in areas such as data modeling and analysis, real-world business problem solving, critical thinking and influencing, global markets, and service driven leadership. The Finance Honors Program will prepare you to land – and thrive in – the highest-quality internships and prestigious post-graduation employment.
Students are selected through a competitive application process during Spring semester of their sophomore year.
Learn More
Program Benefits
A dynamic community where students benefit from diversity in peers and alumni's background with over 10 languages represented
Smaller class-sizes with highly motivated peers with challenging coursework and experiential learning
Exclusive networking opportunities including on-site visits with business leaders and engaged alumni in places like New York and Chicago including a rare Wall Street experience to gain insights in the financial industry
Opportunities to strengthen leadership skills and be mentored by financial professionals
Community service through a Capstone Project
Student Opportunities
Guest Speakers
Honors Finance students will hear from a variety of financial career professionals both in the classroom and during site visits. These professionals span from both private and public sector
Mentoring Program
The goal of the Honors Finance Mentoring Program is to foster a successful mentoring relationship between students in finance professionals. The program matches students and volunteer mentors based on areas of expertise and students' particular needs and career interests. Mentors are tasked with the following:
Use their knowledge/career expertise to guide their mentee
Share/discuss career tracks and career lessons learned
Help students understand the relevance of their academic studies
Teach students what tasks and issues executives face
Discuss attributes/experiences companies are looking for in potential candidates
Curriculum & Experiences
Core Finance Courses
Students complete the following core finance courses together as a cohort, which are tailored for a hands on academic experience including the use of Bloomberg and other leading financial software. Students learn with world-class instructors who use case-based teaching and group projects/simulations for the real world
BUSFIN 4211H
BUSFIN 4221H
BUSFIN 4202H (replaces BUSFIN 4201)
BUSFIN 4250H
Honors Seminars
Students take an honors seminar each semester in the program with industry guest speakers and consulting work with nonprofit organizations to sharpen skills in the following areas:
Analytical Reasoning
Business Problem Solving
Critical Thinking and Communication
Developing Leadership and Influence
Experiences Beyond the Classroom
Finance Honors Students travel to domestic financial centers such as Wall Street in New York City. Students will gain insights into financial industry, its unique culture, how different roles and functions work together, and meet with local Ohio State Alumni.
Capstone Project
Students will be responsible for a final project that highlights their skills as a future leader in finance as well as analytical thinking and problem solving. Students work with a non-profit organizations to learn how they define their mission and how they can assist in their mission.
Application Process
Spring of Sophomore year, students will submit an online application via the
Fisher Honors Website
.
Applicants must complete the following prerequisite classes (by the end of Spring semester) in order to apply. Honors versions recommended when offered:
ACCTMIS 2200 or 2200H
and
ACCTMIS 2300 or 2300H
BUSMHR 2292 or 2292H
BUSOBA 2320
*BUSFIN 3220 (required for Finance Honors) with a minimum grade of A- required.
*
BUSFIN 3220 can be taken during Spring Semester of Sophomore Year and your acceptance will be conditional that the minimum grade requirement is met. Prerequisite review is handled on a case-by-case basis with honors advisors and honors faculty directors. Questions? Email an honors advisor -
FCOB-honors@osu.edu.
Graduation Requirements
To graduate with Honors in Finance, students must complete each of the following:
Completion of Finance Honors Curriculum
Complete the nine (9) courses in the curriculum while maintaining at least an overall GPA of 3.5, and 3.5 GPA in your specialization area
Complete at least 2 additional honors or upper-division (4000-level) courses.
Complete "Senior Paper" as approved by Finance Honors Faculty Director.
Finance Honors Curriculum and Graduation Requirements Sheet SP 27 Grads
Finance Honors Contact Information
Questions?
Birsel Pirim, Ph.D
.
Finance Honors Faculty Director
Fisher Hall 242
pirim.1@osu.edu
Chad Zipfel
Incoming Finance Honors Faculty Director
Fisher Hall 312
zipfel.4@osu.edu
Finance Honors Program Brochure
Finance Honors Mentorship Program Guide
Capstone Project Info