URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/plan-a-visit
TITLE: Plan a visit | Fisher College of Business

Plan a visit
Experience Fisher, experience your future
The best way to understand the Fisher community is to see it in action. A campus visit gives you the chance to explore our classrooms, meet current students, and envision yourself at Ohio State. Whether you join us for an in-person tour or connect virtually, you’ll discover how Fisher can help you build your future in business.
Fisher overview & tour (in-person)
Start your day with a university campus tour to get the full Ohio State experience (please book separately), then dive deeper into Fisher with an information session where you connect with current students and get a taste of our vibrant campus.
Schedule a SP26 admitted student visit
Schedule a summer campus visit
*All seats for the spring and summer visits are now open.
If a date isn't listed, the event is full and we're unable to add more guests.
If you are unable to attend a Monday or Friday event, check out our student-led Fisher tours.
Confirmation emails are sent within 24–48 hours of registration. Registering multiple times can delay your confirmation and limit space for other prospective guests. If you have not received a confirmation after 48 hours, please
email our admissions team
for assistance.
Student-led Fisher tour (in-person)
Take a closer look at Fisher with a guided tour from a Student Ambassador. Gain insight into academics, student life, and opportunities such as internships, study abroad, and honors programs—all from a student perspective.
Schedule a Fisher Tour
Tours may be scheduled up to 30 days in advance and require at least 24 hours’ notice. Space is limited, and all guests should review the
Campus Visit Guidelines
before registering.
Prospective transfer students should not use this scheduler; instead, email
fcob-transfer@osu.edu
or register for a video or phone appointment.
One-on-one meeting (virtual or phone)
Schedule a personalized conversation with a Fisher admissions team member. Whether you’re just starting your search or have already been admitted, we’ll answer your questions and help guide your next steps.
Schedule an appointment
Are you an admitted transfer student interested in meeting with a Fisher Academic Advisor? Please join us for transfer advising hours every Monday & Thursday from 11am-12pm each week.
Schedule a Transfer Advising Appointment
If you are a current Ohio State student, schedule an appointment with a business advisor by calling
614-292-2715
.
Explore Fisher on YouTube
Get a real feel for life at Fisher through short-form videos featuring our students, classrooms and campus. Watch, learn and picture yourself here—anytime, anywhere.
Explore Our YouTube Channel
Get to know Columbus
Your Ohio State experience extends beyond campus. Explore Ohio State’s Columbus campus and discover the vibrant city of Columbus—ranked among the nation’s best for business, innovation and quality of life.
Discover Central Ohio
Student ambassadors: your guides on campus
Get the full Fisher experience on campus with our
student ambassadors
. This talented team of undergraduate students represents a wide variety of academic interests, involvement, and professional experiences. Ambassadors are here to answer your questions and give you a student’s perspective on life at Fisher—including leading campus tours.
Meet our team!
Contact Undergraduate Admissions & Recruitment
The Undergraduate Admissions & Recruitment staff at Fisher is focused on supporting the success of future students. Ask any questions you may have.
614-292-7191
futureundergrad@fisher.osu.edu
Transfer students reach out to FCOB-transfer@osu.edu