URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate Programs | Fisher College of Business

Undergraduate Programs
Your business journey starts here.
At Fisher, undergraduate students don’t just study business—they experience it. Through a dynamic mix of academic rigor, real-world learning, global opportunities and dedicated career support, you’ll gain the skills, confidence and connections to lead in today’s evolving business world. Whether you’re exploring one of our 12 specializations, engaging with industry leaders or joining a student organization, Fisher empowers you to shape your own path to success.
90k+
Fisher alumni are living, working and leading around the world
7th
Fisher’s undergraduate program's ranking amongst public universities
U.S. News & World Report, 2025
90%+
of graduates have at least one internship, co-op or work-related experience
Explore Fisher's reach and reputation
Rigorous curriculum, real-world experience
Our rigorous, action-based curriculum prepares students to discover passions and launch careers. Through leadership development and a commitment to community, Fisher students make an immediate impact all over the world.
Explore our academic offerings
More than a major-the Fisher Experience
What sets Fisher apart isn't limited to the classroom. From leadership programs to personalized advising and student organizations, these opportunities help you grow personally, professionally and with purpose.
Discover the Fisher difference
Ready to start your journey?
Start your application by visiting our undergraduate admissions page to review requirements, key deadlines and next steps. Whether you're a first-year student or transferring in, everything you need to get started is just a click away.
Take the first step
See yourself at Fisher
Tile Image
Explore Fisher on YouTube to picture your future
Get to know Columbus
Tile Image
Explore Ohio State’s Columbus campus and the city of Columbus
Contact Us
The entire staff at the Fisher College of Business is focused on supporting the success of our students, past, current and future. We are committed to answering any questions you may have.
614-292-2715
undergraduate@fisher.osu.edu
Undergraduate Programs Office
Fisher College of Business
120 Schoenbaum Hall
210 W. Woodruff Ave.
Columbus, OH 43210-1144