URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/undergraduate/academics/advising
TITLE: Advising | Fisher College of Business

Advising
At Fisher College of Business, advising is more than course selection—it’s a partnership that helps you navigate your academic journey, explore opportunities and make informed decisions about your future. From orientation through graduation, you’ll have access to a dedicated
advising team
committed to helping you build a meaningful and successful experience as a Business Buckeye.
Academic adivsors:
Help you understand degree requirements and plan your coursework
Connect you to academic resources and support services
Explore opportunities that align with your interests and goals
Guide you in connecting your academic experience to career pathways
Schedule an appointment with an advisor
30-minute appointments are available Monday through Friday and can be scheduled in advance.
Same-Day Express appointments are designed for quick questions and time-sensitive needs, such as add/drop decisions. These 15-minute, same-day appointments are offered:
Daily during the first two weeks of the semester
Daily during course registration periods
Same-Day Express appointments are available on a first-come, first-served basis and must be scheduled the same day. When available, appointment times are released in
OnCourse
starting at
8:00 a.m.
on the days they are offered.
To schedule an express appointment, select
“Same-Day Express”
as your service in
OnCourse
.
Schedule an advising appointment
Advising resources
Add or Drop a Class
Find step-by-step instructions and important deadlines for adjusting your schedule, including adding, dropping, or withdrawing from courses.
Buckeye Degree Planner
Plan your path to graduation by mapping out courses, tracking progress toward your degree and exploring different academic scenarios.
Grade Forgiveness Rule
Learn how to repeat a course and replace a previous grade in your GPA, including eligibility requirements and how to apply.
Switch Major to Business
Explore the process, requirements and timeline for current Ohio State students who are interested in changing their major to business.
Peer Advising
Connect with trained Fisher students who can answer questions, share insights and help you navigate your academic experience.
Transferology
See how courses from other colleges or universities may transfer to Ohio State and how they could apply toward your degree.
Transfer Credit Evaluation
Review how previously earned college credit is evaluated for Fisher programs and what steps to take to have your credits reviewed.
Meet our advisors
Fisher Academic Advisors are a team of master's degree or higher professionals who are here to help students navigate and make the most out of their college experience.
View our advising team
Undergraduate Advising
Undergraduate Program Office
120 Schoenbaum Hall
210 W. Woodruff Ave.
Columbus, OH 43210-1144
614-292-2715
undergraduate@fisher.osu.edu
The 120 Schoenbaum office suite is open Monday through Friday, 9—4 p.m., and in-person appointments are available during this time.
Advisors are available Monday–Friday, 8—5 p.m. via email, phone or virtual appointments.
Please note: During inclement weather or certain holidays or events, the office may operate remotely only, but advising services will remain available online or by phone.
Current Students: Schedule an Appointment