URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/scholarships-financial-aid
TITLE: Scholarships & Financial Aid | Fisher College of Business

Undergraduate Programs
Scholarships & Financial Aid
Fisher alumni give back. Their generous contributions, along with those from corporate and foundation partners, allow us to proudly offer scholarship opportunities to current Fisher College of Business students.
Note that our scholarships are competitive, modest, and in most cases, nonrenewable. Receipt of a Fisher scholarship in a previous academic year does
not guarantee
an award for 2026-2027. All Fisher recipients are selected from OSU Scholarship Universe, found below.
All Fisher students are encouraged to also complete the University application through
OSU Scholarship Universe
. The priority application date is
February 1, 2026 for all University students.
OSU Scholarship Universe
Additional Information
Fisher College of Business Scholarships
Incoming Ohio State Students: Eligibility and notification of scholarship awards
Fisher College of Business Undergraduate Program offers competitive recruitment scholarships to
incoming freshmen students
enrolled on the Columbus campus who apply to the university early action deadline of November 1. Awards may be renewable, as determined by the selection committee.
There is no application for incoming student Fisher College of Business scholarships.
Awards will appear in financial aid packages from the Office of Student Financial Aid, prior to the May 1 acceptance fee deadline.
Students must meet the following requirements to be eligible:
Apply to OSU by November 1, 2025
Complete the
FAFSA
Admitted to major program in Fisher College of Business at The Ohio State University for Autumn 2026
The priority application date is
February 1, 2026 for all students
(University application available on or after August 1).
OSU Scholarship Universe
Current Ohio State Students: Eligibility and notification of scholarship awards
The Fisher College of Business scholarship applications for the 2026- 2027 academic year will open December 1. Deadline for submission is February 1, 2026.
Fisher College of Business will use OSU Scholarship Universe for student applications. Both merit and need-based funding will be awarded. Tips for maximizing funding include:
Complete the
FAFSA
.
Make sure all majors, minors and certificates are current and current in Buckeyelink.  Visit your academic advisor if updates are needed.
Have a current resume that has been reviewed by the Office of Career Management.
Answer as many matching questions as possible.  There are over 700!
Apply
one time
for all Fisher funding. Complete the Fisher College of Business Dean’s Promise Scholarship application for consideration.
Apply for any additional University awards that show up in your Scholarships list in your Scholarship Universe Dashboard.
OSU Scholarship Universe
Applications may still be submitted after the priority deadline of February 1
st
- those who apply after this date will be considered in a 2
nd
pool of awards if funding remains after awarding priority applicants.
Study Abroad
The Undergraduate Programs Office and Fisher College Office of Global Business offer select scholarships and travel grants to students studying abroad on University or college sponsored programs. Students traveling abroad should visit the website of the
Office of Education Abroad
to search for additional funding sources.
Bartels Study Abroad Scholarship
Students with a minimum GPA of 3.5 who are completing a University sponsored program of at least 5 weeks duration and for a minimum of 9 semester hours of credit are eligible to apply . Awards vary. Non-credit tours or excursions are not eligible. Preference will be given to Fisher College of Business students.
Application opens September, 2026
Fisher Global Grant and Other Funding Opportunities
Students who participate in Fisher and/or Ohio State-endorsed Study Abroad Programs may be eligible for select travel grants. Strong priority will be placed on supporting business students attending programs at Fisher partner institutions.