URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/undergraduate/academics/honors/accounting
TITLE: Accounting Honors Program | Fisher College of Business

Undergraduate Programs
Accounting Honors Program
Known for its academic rigor and nationally distinguished reputation, the Accounting Honors program is tailored to meet the needs of highly motivated and accomplished students at Fisher. The immersive program instills crucial accounting knowledge that serves as a foundational and versatile tool for success across many roles and industries. These technical skills, combined with the program’s rigorous curriculum, amplify the impact that accounting students at Fisher can have on markets and at organizations in an ever-evolving world.
A standout feature of the Accounting Honors program is its extensive alumni network. Since its inception in the 1960s, the program has produced over 1,400 alumni working in a variety of roles worldwide. From students who aspire to be a partner at a Big 4 firm or the CEO of their own company, the Accounting Honors program offers career-defining connections to alumni ― individuals who are excited to pay forward through mentorship, internships or full-time positions.
Students who complete the Accounting Honors program join an elite group, as 100% of recent graduates have secured a full-time job or graduate school placement. Many choose to take advantage of the combined Master of Accounting (MAcc) program at Ohio State, which provides students with the opportunity to earn their undergraduate and MAcc degrees in four years.
With its strong reputation across various industries and a broad network of engaged alumni, the Accounting Honors program is a premier offering at Fisher that challenges today’s students to grow as leaders while providing them with an opportunity to stand out as tomorrow’s young professionals.
Steps to apply:
Watch for an invitation to the Accounting Honors Information Session in early January (1
st
Year Spring Semester). If unable to attend or do not receive an invitation, please reach out to Program Director
Rick Young
.
Request permission to take 2200H (2
nd
Year Fall)
Considerations for permission include:
Performance in Economics and Mathematics classes
1
st
Year Fall GPA ( 3.5 and above)
Complete 2200H & 2300H (2
nd
Year Fall & Spring)
Apply to Accounting Honors (2
nd
Year Spring)
Class of 2023 Profile
Size: 23 Students
Average GPA: 3.7
Recent Employment Statistics
The Accounting Honors program teaches analytical thinking and strong communication skills, which push students to think outside their comfort zone. Such an innovative teaching strategy by the department's best faculty has direct application in the business world and will ensure success in a rewarding and diverse career path.
The data presented below pertain to the Accounting Honors Class of 2023.
Employment Statistics
Hiring Companies
Geographic Location by City
100 percent of students a
ccepted an employment offer within three months of graduation.
Big Four Public Accounting:
51.7 percent of students
(includes audit, consulting, tax and transaction analysis)
Industry
: 24.1 percent of students
(includes accounting and finance areas)
Ohio State Master of Accounting:
10.3 percent of students
PhD Programs: 6.9 percent of students
Investment Banking:
3.4 percent of students
Law School: 3.4
percent of students
Average Base Salary:
$69,609
BDO USA, LLP
Deloitte
EY (Ernst & Young)
KPMG
Kroll
Progressive Insurance
PwC (PricewaterhouseCoopers)
UHY LLP
Chicago, Illinois
Cleveland, Ohio
Columbus, Ohio
Dallas, Texas
Denver, Colorado
Florham Park, New Jersey
New York, New York
Experience Accounting Honors
Alumni Connections
The Accounting Honors experience provides students with opportunities to develop their leadership skills in the classroom and as officers in our newest organization:
Accounting Honors Alumni Connections
. The program develops career-readiness competencies such as writing, public speaking and teamwork and is guided by research-active faculty, most of whom hold PhDs and who are deeply committed to student development at an individual level. The program’s small cohort ―  approximately 30 students each year ― helps develop meaningful and lifelong connections among Accounting Honors participants.
Student Involvement
Most Accounting Honors students participate in student organizations or activities. They offer many opportunities for learning, leadership and fun. Also, student organizations and activities are great for getting to know your classmates.
Student Organizations
Student organizations provide a an excellent way to get involved outside of the classroom. The most relevant organization for Ohio State Accounting Honors students is AHAC, Accounting Honors Alumni Connections. This organization was started by Accounting Honors students in 2024 to focus on their futures as business professionals, but students do not have to be an Accounting Honors student to be a member. The students have found AHAC to be especially valuable for making connections with many successful graduates who experienced the rigorous training provided by the Accounting Honors Program. Typically, AHAC holds 5-6 meetings per semester. Feel free to visit the
student organization website
or contact the student leaders for more information. Currently, Professor Young is the AHAC faculty advisor.
Alumni & Friends
Alumni often mention the lifelong friendships they make with their colleagues during the program. Such bonding occurs as a result of unique opportunities that include the "Ralph Cases," debates over conceptual and current accounting and business issues, and class social events. Members of the wide-reaching and active alumni network are often guest speakers for classes.
A Few of the Accounting Honors Program Alumni
David Bond
Senior Vice President of Finance and Control
Safeway, Inc
Thomas P. Dewey
Director of Financial Planning and Analysis
Medical Mutual of Ohio
Jonathan Glover
Professor of Accounting
Carnegie Mellon University
Josh Oakes
Director of Business Development
Worthington Armstrong Venture
Corrine Burger
Senior Vice President Controller
JPMorgan Chase
Robert Sledge
Director, Department of Professional Practice
KPMG LLP
Danielle Verbeck
Senior Associate
Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP
Melinda Whittington
Former SVP, Corporate Controller
Kraft Foods Group
Alumni Testimonials
"The Honors Accounting Program prepared me for success in a broad spectrum accounting and finance career – far beyond what I appreciated when in the midst of the challenging course work. The accounting education, and focus on concepts and critical thinking, creates a skillset that can be leveraged years in to the future – even when the rules change! But most importantly, the experience gained in learning to “think on your feet” through challenging case studies and debates has been invaluable across so many situations in the “real world”! Additionally, the focus on written and oral communication is a skillset differentiator right out of the gate and is an imperative for success in today’s business world. The foundation I received from this program has been instrumental to success in both public accounting early in my career and later in industry."
Melinda Whittington
La-Z-Boy - Accoungting Honors Class of 1989
"Although I knew the Honors Accounting Program was special during my days at Ohio State, I didn’t fully understand how the program would literally change my life. The Honors Accounting Program provided me with the best business education available in Ohio, allowing me to land a job with one of the top accounting firms in the world and providing me with the knowledge and skills to launch a successful career. I didn’t realize it at the time, but a business and accounting background is critical for any strong executive because you must always understand the financial impact of a business decision. Graduates of the Honors Accounting Program are highly valued by prospective employers because of the unbelievable business foundation provided to the students. I also underestimated the personal value of the relationships I established during my time in the Honors Accounting Program. I still communicate regularly with several professors and am proud to count several of my classmates among my very best friends. We have the common bond of loving Ohio State, but more importantly, have the bond established by going through the Honors Accounting Program, and that is an accomplishment that fills me with pride to this very day."
Tom Dewey
Medical Mutual - Accounting Honors Class of 1999
"While the Honors Accounting program provides a solid foundation in the principles and theory of accounting, the true value of the program is in developing critical business skills that apply across professions. Through case studies, presentations, internships, and interactions with professors and peers, you learn not what to think, but how to think. In addition, meeting the demands of the program as a team with your classmates helps you to forge relationships that will last a lifetime. When you enter the business world, you are doing so with a network of peers that you can leverage to help tackle any problem."
Josh Oakes
Worthington Armstrong Venture (WAVE)- Accounting Honors Class of 1999
"The Accounting Honors program approaches accounting from a strategic, managerial perspective. Its focus on understanding and analysis, as well as the practical implications of accounting for a business, taught me how to think about what numbers mean and how they can be used to make managerial and investment decisions. This is important for me in my career as an attorney because it helps me relate to my clients and address their concerns. The Accounting Honors program is a fantastic beginning to a wide variety of careers, many of which are not directly related to accounting. If you're looking for a program that will give you a sophisticated, practical approach to learning about business, not to mention help you with your analytical, writing and presentation skills, this program is as good as it gets."
Jennifer Renzenbrink Smith
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati - Accounting Honors Class of 2003
"The Honors Accounting Program approaches accounting as an academic discipline, rather than as vocational training. It teaches students to apply fundamental principles from economics, information science, and mathematics to achieve a critical understanding of the field. The program's tradition, rigor, and camaraderie provided me with an excellent foundation for my career."
Robert B. Sledge
KPMG LLP - Accounting Honor Class of 2005
"I like the honors program because my classmates are nothing short of brilliant, and through our shared classwork they've become my good friends. It's exciting to get to work with really smart people, and to feel challenged by your peers. The program teaches you to think and to work hard. I had my heart set on a finance major when I decided to try the Accounting honors program just for the fun of it, and because I needed 211 and 212 and wanted to take the honors version. By the midterm in H211, I was starting to change my mind, and by the middle of H212 I was converted. I think joining this program is the best decision I've ever made. I, as a member of the Accounting Honors program, am automatically recognized as a good student with quality critical thinking and problem solving skills, as well as experience working in teams, presenting, and communicating with classmates and others."
Nellie Debbeler
KPMG - Accounting Honors Class of 2008
"Regardless of your ultimate goal in life, the Accounting Honors program is an outstanding starting point for careers in business and beyond. The terrific instruction I received in financial reporting, managerial accounting, and general accounting and business principles prepared me not only to become a CPA, but also to enter the workforce as a lawyer. Law firms were thrilled that they had the opportunity to bring on a young associate who can truly understand the complex inner workings of a client's business. The thought experiments and cases our classes would work through together were invaluable in helping students truly understand the scope and depth of real world accounting and managerial issues. Of course, terrific course work is only part of the Accounting Honors experience. Unparalleled professors, great friendships with extremely motivated and intelligent classmates, and unforgettable experiences, from flag football teams to class barbecues, are a few of the things that I particularly enjoyed in the Accounting Honors program. I am extremely proud to be a Buckeye and even more proud to be an alumnus of the Accounting Honors program."
Michael J. Mozes
Harvard Law School Graduate - Accounting Honors Class of 2008
"What started as a hastily made decision to take two required introductory accounting courses at the honors level resulted in becoming a member of a challenging and enriching academic program. The Accounting Honors Program teaches you to think for yourself. Facilitated through case studies and team projects you are taught to approach situations analytically which is much more valuable and interesting than working from typical textbooks. During my three years in the program I had the privilege of meeting some exceptional classmates, classmates who are good friends to this day. The program gave direction to my collegiate experience and prepared me for a career in accounting."
Danielle Verbeck
PwC, UK - Accounting Honors Class of 2008
"The Accounting Honors program does not teach you what to think, it teaches you how to think. That teaching mindset is rarely seen in undergraduate courses and has direct application into business world."
Chad Combs
Nationwide Insurance - Accounting Honors Class of 2003
Accounting Honors Program Director
Professor Rick Young
410 Fisher Hall
2100 Neil Ave
Columbus, OH 43210
614-292-0889
young.53@osu.edu