URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/undergraduate/leadership-engagement/experiential-learning/learning-communities
TITLE: Living Learning Communities | Fisher College of Business

Fisher College of Business
Living Learning Communities
First-year Fisher students have three opportunities to live and learn together through our various learning communities and specialized programming – Business Honors Living Learning Community, Business Scholars Program, and Global Business Living Learning Community. All three communities provide a deeper level of engagement shared around similar themes and interests.
Learning Communities
Business Honors Living Learning Community
This learning community is designed to give first-year Fisher Honors students the opportunity to build a community while developing leadership skills, increasing their professional acumen and participating in community service. Admitted students apply to BHLLC by April 15th via the Learning Community application.
Business Scholars Program
A two-year experience begins with incoming first year students engaged in a “learning by doing” environment which guides them through personal and professional development on their collegiate journey. Prospective students must apply to one of Ohio State's 16 Scholars Programs via the Common Application when applying to OSU prior to November 1.
Global Business Living Learning Community
Provides first-year students the opportunity to live with other globally-minded business students and explore international business in the context of the Columbus community. Admitted students apply to GBLLC by April 15th via the Learning Community application.
I really enjoyed my time in the Global Business Learning Community. Looking back, it opened many doors and led me to priceless opportunities... Being in a learning community gives you many more opportunities right at your door.
Robert
Lewe
Marketing
Leadership & Engagement Office Contact Information
The staff of the Undergraduate Leadership & Engagement Office are available to meet with students who are interested in learning how to become more engaged during their collegiate career.
614-688-2311
ULEO@fisher.osu.edu
Undergraduate Leadership & Engagement Office
Fisher College of Business
309 Schoenbaum Hall
210 W. Woodruff Avenue
Columbus, OH 43210-1144