URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/undergraduate/academics/minors-certificates/strategic-sales-certificate
TITLE: Strategic Sales Certificate | Fisher College of Business

Undergraduate Programs
Strategic Sales Certificate
Why Consider the Strategic Sales Certificate?
Professional business-to-business sales in an increasingly important field to study - and an emerging opportunity for college students.
A growing industry
- employment of sales managers is projected to grow 6% from 2023 to 2033, faster than the average for all occupations.
A career launching point
- over half of all college graduates - and 88% of marketing graduates - start their career in sales.
Proven job success
- University sales programs achieve job placement rates above 90%, exceeding the national average of 76% for all business majors
Program Requirements:
You must declare with your academic advisor your intention to complete the Diploma Certificate - Strategic Sales will be added your SIS record and appear alongside your Specialization.
The certificate includes four, 3-credit-hour courses for a total of 12 credits.
If you are specializing in Marketing, only 1 of the 3 sales classes can count towards your Marketing Specialization Elective requirement.
Grades Required
Minimum C- for a course to be listed on the certificate
Minimum 2.0 CPHR required for the certificate
Coursework graded P/NP or S/U may not be used for the certificate.
Required Courses & Delivery
BUSML 3250: Principles of Marketing OR BUSML 3150: Foundations of Marketing - Hybrid Delivery or Online Delivery (summer session)
Prerequisites:
BUSML 3150 - College Algebra (Math 1116/1130/1148 or equivalent or higher) or placement M or L; AND Microeconomics (ECON 2001.01 or equivalent)
BUSML 3250 - Microeconomics (ECON 2001.01 or equivalent) AND Macroeconomics (ECON 2002.01 or equivalent)
These are introductory courses for business majors (3250) and business minors (3150) that share the foundational and connecting elements of sales and marketing. Students must complete either of these courses as a prerequisite for the following course - BUSML 4223.
Key Topics:
Marketing segmentation and targeting: Knowing the customer "job to be done"
Brand/Product positioning
4P's: Product, Price, Place, Promotion
Personal selling
BUSML 4223: Foundations of Strategic Sales (3 credit hours) - In-person Delivery
Prerequisites: BUSML 3150; or BUSML 3250/3250H and BUSMHR 2292/2292H
This course covers the basics of business-to-business professional selling and provides core sales management building blocks. It emphasizes the importance of building relationships and adding substantial value to customers. It combines theory and practice to learn the selling and buying process, salesforce structure, recruitment, selection, training, compensation, ethical concerns, questioning strategies, active listening skills, earning commitment, closing and introduction to key sales tools.  Guest lecturers bring real-world perspectives and insights into critical skills and strategies required for B2B sales success.
Course Learning Outcomes:
Gain first-hand experience in developing professional sales skills, identifying and adding value for the client, and developing customer needs using sales simulation
Develop collaborative skills and expertise as a part of a team in a selling environment
Develop critical analysis and problem-solving abilities for managing strategic B2B sales and sales management
Earn a professional sales simulated internship certificate
Key Topics:
Trust-Based Selling
Value-Based Selling
Prospecting
Forecasting and pipeline
Compensation basics
Ethics in sales
Basic Simulated Accreditation
BUSML 4224: Strategic Sales Leadership (3 credit hours) - In-person Delivery
Prerequisites - BUSML 4223
This course expands on the foundations course with more advanced concepts and skillsets. The course is designed to prepare students for successful careers in
strategic B2B sales and sales leadership. Students will build on foundational learnings with deeper analysis of the key skills necessary for success individually and as leaders of sales teams. Guest lecturers bring real-world case studies that enable students to consider key factors in selecting and executing effective sales strategies in complex opportunities. Students will also be introduced to key sales tools with an opportunity to earn certifications.
Course Learning Outcomes:
Experiential practice in value-based, enterprise B2B selling through real-world case scenarios and guided instruction from guest lecturer sales leaders, as well as through text case work designed to uncover opportunities and challenges in sales
Instructor-guided discussions about complex B2B sales elements, including the practice of persuasion; organizational business to business buying; sales call planning and needs audit discovery; overcoming objections and handling difficult questions; conducting demonstrations and presenting solutions; advancing the sale and reaching mutually beneficial agreements; and customer impact and a perpetual persuasion strategy
Instructor-guided learning of Microsoft Dynamics CRM and Microsoft Co-pilot for Sales. Students have the option to complete the certification paths for these tools and earn credentials and extra course credit.
Key Topics:
Advanced Value Selling
Griffin Hill Sales Process Accreditation
Role play experiences
Real-world sales case study evaluations
Optional Microsoft Dynamics learning path certifications
BUSML 4225: Applied Strategic Sales (3 credit hours) - In-person Delivery
Prerequisites: BUSML 4223
This course centers on the practical application of concepts through in-class role-play activities and sales internship simulations that are completed outside of class, with guided instruction and discussion happening in class.
This course covers advanced principles of the Value Selling sales methodology through a simulated internship, in-class discussion and professional selling role-play activities. The course also covers principles of strategic and complex B2B sales and sales leadership, including questioning, handling objections, negotiation and closing, hiring and coaching sellers.
Course Learning Outcomes:
Learn Value Selling key principles and the Executive Buying Formula
Prepare for client meetings using a Value Prompter
Practice Value Selling through role play activities
Analyze key stakeholders to determine sales prospects
Create and use a value proposition to sell to an ideal customer profile
Establish a sales cadence
Reach out to various prospects via email and social media
Engage prospects in video emails and phone calls
Perform discovery calls using the SPIN and Challenger sales method
Overcome prospect objections and complaints
Negotiate deals with customers
Review and critique
resumes
and CRM data
Review and critique seller prospecting emails
Contact the Undergraduate Programs Office
614-292-2715
undergraduate@fisher.osu.edu
Undergraduate Programs Office
Fisher College of Business
120 Schoenbaum Hall
210 W. Woodruff Ave.
Columbus, OH 43210-1144