URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/future-students/summer-programs
TITLE: Summer Enrichment Programs | Fisher College of Business

Undergraduate Programs
Summer Enrichment Programs
Fisher is committed to helping students explore their interest in pursuing a career in business, and learn more about life at The Ohio State University.
Check out which program is right for you!
Business Bootcamp: A College and Career Preview
Who:
Rising juniors and seniors from Ohio high schools with limited access to and/or experience with college readiness programs are encouraged apply.
When: TBD
Where:
Fisher College of Business - Columbus campus at The Ohio State University
What:
Business Bootcamp is a day-long program that aims to create an all-encompassing college preparation plan for high school students.
This program brings students from Ohio high schools together to provide guidance on the college application process, career readiness, applying for financial aid, and understanding campus resources.
Applications will open in April.
Contact:
Juleanna Smith at smith.16076@osu.edu or at 614-292-7191
Find out more info
Fisher First (Admitted students only)
Who:
Applicants must be
admitted into the Fisher College of Business!
Where:
The Ohio State University, Fisher College of Business
What:
Fisher First
allows participants to engage with the student community, develop stronger relationships with the campus community and emerge as leaders on campus and beyond. The program begins with an early arrival aspect for incoming first year participants, and continues throughout the student's college journey.
Program benefits include
Participate in a year-long program with monthly meetings and intentional leadership activities.
Support from a dedicated Program Manager specifically for Fisher First students.
Immediate sense of belonging and connection within Fisher College of Business.
Demonstrate less anxiety about your college readiness and ability to succeed in your intended specialization.
Discover career interests through exposure to various industries through company site visits, and networking with alumni.
Mentoring from upperclassmen and the opportunity to pay forward by becoming a mentor.
Contact:
Marlena Harper at harper.1076@osu.edu
Find out more info
Who should apply for a Fisher summer enrichment program?
If you’re a talented high school student seeking hands-on experience with business education, explore our high school programs and find one that fits you! Programs are selective and only offered once a year. Please see specific programs for details.
What does a Fisher summer enrichment program entail?
Each program is different, so it is important to review program descriptions for more details. In general, each summer program focuses on building community, teaching students important skills necessary to be successful college applicants, and allows students to learn more about The Ohio State University and Fisher College of Business through an on-campus, hands-on experience.
Why should you apply for a Fisher summer enrichment program?
Summer programs are introductions to Ohio State and Fisher College of Business, and the many opportunities and resources we offer! Summer programs allow participants to engage with Fisher community and emerge as leaders.
Contact Undergraduate Admissions & Recruitment
The Undergraduate Admissions & Recruitment staff at Fisher is focused on supporting the success of future students. Ask any questions you may have.
614-292-7191
futureundergrad@fisher.osu.edu
Transfer students reach out to FCOB-transfer@osu.edu