URL: https://fisher.osu.edu/visit
TITLE: Visit Fisher | Fisher College of Business

Visit Fisher
The world needs principled leaders who can make a lasting impact in their organizations, their communities and beyond. With a history rooted in the study of leadership, Fisher College of Business is equipping every student with the skills, perspectives and experiences to define their own leadership journey.
Distinguish yourself. Experience Fisher.
See firsthand what separates The Ohio State University Max M. Fisher College of Business by visiting our campus.
Located at
2100 Neil Ave., Columbus, OH 43210
, Fisher sits at the northern entrance of Ohio State's main campus, just off Lane Avenue and is easily accessible via highways and interstates.
Our beautiful, five-building campus, situated in the shadow of iconic Ohio Stadium, is one of the few fully integrated management education campuses in the nation. Among the unique offerings you’ll find at Fisher is Ohio State’s first on-campus hotel,
the Blackwell Inn and Conference Center
,
as well as dedicated support offices serving Fisher students in the areas of
career services
,
ACCESS
and
global experiences
.
Undergraduate Students
The undergraduate admissions and recruitment staff at Fisher is a natural launching point for visiting our campus. Working with student ambassadors who are eager to share their Fisher experiences, the undergraduate admissions and recruitment team curates on-campus tours that provide visitors with an overview of the admissions process, academic programs and life on campus.
Visit the Undergraduate Programs Office's page
to learn more or to schedule your visit today. Or reach out to
Fisher's Undergraduate Ambassadors
who can any questions you may have about becoming a Business Buckeye.
Graduate and Professional Students
Candidates interested in any of Fisher’s graduate degree programs have resources available to them through
Fisher's Graduate Programs Office
. The office can work with you directly to schedule an
individual campus visit
or
one-on-one virtual call
with an admissions team member. We also encourage you to
take a virtual tour of campus
.
Fisher's Graduate Ambassadors
are also available to help navigate the admissions process at Fisher and to provide more information about the many graduate business programs we offer.
Discover Ohio State
As a Fisher student, you have immediate access to the extraordinary depth and breadth of resources at The Ohio State University, one of the largest and most-respected research institutions in the world. As part of the Ohio State community, you’ll have opportunities to join more than 1,000 student organizations, as well as access to one of the most extensive library systems in North America and state-of-the-art facilities for living, dining and staying fit.
Learn more about Ohio State
and
plan your university tour today
.
Experience Columbus
Columbus is home to it all — a vibrant blend of arts and culture, inspired culinary, fashion, music and entertainment scenes; exciting collegiate and professional sports; and business environment that mixes established, Fortune-recognized companies with a blossoming entrepreneurial and startup ecosystem.
With a dynamic downtown, lively urban districts and a diverse array of welcoming neighborhoods, it’s a city that invites exploration.
Learn more about how Columbus has established itself as a center of business and culture
.
14
th
largest US city, with a population of 1.8 million
Leading companies with headquarters in Columbus include Abercrombie & Fitch, Battelle, Cardinal Health, JPMorgan Chase and Nationwide
25 Fortune 500 companies and 58 Fortune 100 firms are located in Ohio