URL: https://olin.wustl.edu/admissions/scholarships-and-aid.php
TITLE: Scholarships & Aid for Degree Programs | WashU Olin Business School

Scholarships and aid
A business degree is one of the best investments you can make in yourself and your future career success.
There’s no single way to finance it—most Olin students defray the costs with a combination of loans, scholarships and aid. However you choose to finance your WashU Olin education, know that we are here to support you through every step of the process and ensure your success in your academic journey and career aspirations.
Our commitment
WashU will not let financial need be a barrier to your education, and through the Gateway to Success we are now “need blind.” This means students will be considered for admission based on their abilities, not their ability to pay. We’re committed to meeting 100% of demonstrated need so you can be 100% focused on chasing your dreams and realizing your ambitions. WashU supports several initiatives that provide students the resources they need to engage fully in academic and campus life.
Financing your degree
Access the information you need to make the best financial decisions for your WashU Olin experience, whether you’re an incoming first-year undergraduate student, an online student or a future PhD.
Undergraduate Programs
Education can be expensive, but WashU has you covered. We meet 100% of demonstrated financial need for all admitted students. Awards range up to the full cost of attendance, including no-loan packages for all families.
Learn more about undergraduate aid
MBA and Specialized Master’s Programs
Most students make their dream of an MBA or a specialized master’s degree a reality through a combination of private loans, federal aid and outside scholarships. Opportunities include, but are not limited to:
Institutional scholarships, availability varies by program
Outside scholarships
Federal student aid
Private student loans
If at any time you have questions or concerns, please
contact us via email
or call 314-935-7301.
For institutional scholarships, see your program’s Cost, Aid and Scholarships page.
Full-Time MBA
Flex MBA
Executive MBA
Master of Accounting
MS in Business Analytics
MS in Business Analytics Online
MS in Finance
MS in Finance Online
Doctoral Programs
PhD costs and financial aid
All applicants to our PhD programs are automatically considered for Olin Business School fellowships; no separate application is required. You may also consider applying for
The Ann W. and Spencer T. Olin-Chancellor’s Fellowship (OCF)
at WashU.
Enrolled PhD students who are making satisfactory progress in the program are guaranteed financial support for five years
. This includes full tuition remission plus a stipend for living expenses distributed over 12 months. The annual stipend for students entering the PhD program in the fall of 2023 is $40,000.
Click here for more information.
DBA costs and financial aid
Olin doesn’t offer scholarships or special financial aid packages for our DBA program. However, student loans and work study may be available. Your eligibility for financial aid is determined by factors including your citizenship status and the program in which you intend to enroll. We also encourage you to seek private scholarships.
Federal student aid scholarship finder
IIE/Fulbright
The Aga Khan Foundation
Click here for more information.