URL: https://olin.washu.edu/admissions/visit-olin.php
TITLE: Visit Olin’s Campus | WashU Olin Business School

You’re Going to Love Olin
Visit WashU Olin’s Campus
If you’re considering WashU Olin, you need to experience our beautiful campus yourself. Stop by to tour the campus, meet members of our close-knit community and feel the vibe of the place. Many people fall in love with Olin after they visit—and we invite you to join them.
Want to learn more before you visit?
Attend one of our admissions events
.
Undergraduate Student Campus Visits
WashU offers many ways for you to get to know our campus. Check out the options for undergraduate students who want to
learn more about the school.
Feel free to contact our Undergraduate Programs Office to connect with us on your visit. The BSBA office is located in Simon Hall, Suite 118. Contact us at
314-935-6315
or
bsba@olin.wustl.edu
.
Graduate Student Campus Visits
If you’re a graduate student who wants to see what WashU Olin is all about, just reach out to your admissions officer to arrange your visit. Maybe you want to meet a faculty member, talk to other students or program staff, get financial advice or just check out the place. Whatever you want to see and do, we love to show off the business school.
Contact our Graduate Programs Office with questions and for more information. The Grad Programs office is located on the third floor of Knight Hall. Contact us at
314-935-7301
or
OlinGradAdmissions@wustl.edu.
Finding Your Way On Campus
Visitor parking is available on the fourth level of Millbrook Garage or in the Danforth University Center (DUC)
underground garage
. Parking is free weekdays between 5 p.m. and 7 a.m. and on weekends. We offer complimentary parking passes to visitors—when making arrangements to visit campus, please let us know you need parking validation. In addition, you may pay for hourly parking in visitor spaces.
For more information on parking and transportation, visit
http://parking.wustl.edu/
.
Places to Stay
The Knight Center
The Charles F. Knight Executive Education and Conference Center offers overnight accommodations to visitors to WashU’s campus. In addition to newly renovated guest rooms, the Knight Center has a fitness center, business center, pub and restaurant. Please note, they often book quickly for special events.
To make a reservation, contact the
Knight Center.
Forest Park Parkway and Throop Drive
St. Louis, MO 63130
Phone: (314) 933-9400
Toll-free: (866) 933-9400
Reserve online
Off-Campus
Choose from a number of conveniently located hotels for your visit to WashU Olin. When you call to make reservations, please ask about special rates for Washington University visitors, transportation to and from the airport, onsite parking and amenities. Restaurants and shopping areas are also within walking distance from the hotels.
Explore St. Louis Website
The St. Louis Convention & Visitors Commission provides visitors with a wide selection of accommodations based on price, location and type of lodging. If looking for hotels near Washington University, please select the Midtown/Clayton search option when using the search function of the website.
Moonrise Hotel
If a boutique hotel is your style, try the Moonrise. Located in the world-famous University City Loop, it’s surrounded by restaurants, shops, music and nightlife. Ask for the Washington University rate.
Directions
For Google or Apple maps, type Olin Business School or the Knight Center as your destination. The Knight Center and Knight Hall are near Forest Park Parkway and Throop Drive. Simon Hall is at Forsyth Blvd. and Olympian Way. Our GPS location is 38.648432;-90.311909.
Getting to Olin from Lambert International Airport
By MetroLink: Take the light-rail system to the University City/Big Bend Station. After exiting the train, take the elevator or stairs to street level. Washington University's Danforth campus is on the southeast corner (Big Bend and Forest Park Parkway).
By car: Drive time from Lambert International Airport to the Washington University campus is about 30 minutes. Tell your Uber or Lyft driver the destination is the Knight Center or Knight Hall at the intersection of Forest Park Parkway and Throop Drive. For a taxi, call County Cab at 314-991-5300. Your fare should be approximately $30 each way.
Quick Links