URL: https://olin.washu.edu/programs/global-programs/undergraduate/israel-summer-business-academy/faq.php
TITLE: FAQs for Israel Summer Business Academy | WashU Olin Business School

FAQs for Israel Summer Business Academy
Q: When is the program?
A: The upcoming ISBA program is scheduled to take place from June 10 to July 22nd 2026. Applications are open until February 1,
apply today
!
Q. How much do I need to know about business or Israel?
A. You don’t need previous business coursework or knowledge of Israel to participate.
Q. Are there religious or ethnic background requirements?
A. No, ISBA is nondenominational and open to students of all faiths and beliefs.
Q. How is the academy structured?
A. ISBA has a modular format that combines classroom learning with experiential-learning opportunities.
Q. What does ISBA cost?
A. See the
Fees and Logistics page
.
Q. Are scholarships available?
A. Some scholarships will be available for students with financial need. Contact
isba@olin.wustl.edu
for more information.
Q. When is the application deadline?
A. Applications are due February 1, 2026.
Q. What about health, safety and security issues?
A. Staff members are on hand at all times if you need assistance with anything. While you’re abroad, you’ll be enrolled in GeoBlue health insurance as well as International SOS health insurance. We also recommend that you enroll in the Smart Traveler Enrollment Program (STEP). On the first day of orientation, emergency procedures are reviewed, and you receive a wallet-size card with a list of emergency phone numbers.
Q. What transportation is available?
A. All students will be provided with transportation options to classrooms on days when class is held. Private buses will also take you to off-campus sites.
Q. Are there any required textbooks/course materials?
A. Students are expected to have read
Start-up Nation: The Story of Israel’s Economic Miracle
prior to the program start date. Otherwise, class materials (generally articles and readings) will be provided.
Q. How many students will be accepted?
A. The next ISBA program anticipates approximately 40 students.
Q. How much time are students in class?
A. Students will spend approximately three days a week in class and two days a week doing site visits as a group. Class time will have a variety of lectures, speakers and experiential projects.
Q. What companies/historical sites/museums do students get to visit?
A. This changes year by year, but you can expect to visit Masada and the Dead Sea, Jerusalem, and a number of museums in Tel Aviv.
Q. What might a typical day in the life of an ISBA student look like?
8:30 a.m. – Wake up
9:00 a.m. – Leave for class
10:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. – Class at Mindspace in Tel Aviv
1:00-2:00 pm. – Lunch at a restaurant around Mindspace
2:00-4:00 p.m. – Coursework with assigned group
4:30 p.m. – Return to apartment
4:30-6:00 p.m. – Gym, laundry, free time
6:00-8:00 p.m. – Dinner with ISBA friends
8:00-11:00 pm. – Relaxing and experiencing the Tel Aviv night life
Q. What does a typical weekend look like?
A. Weekends across the six weeks of the program will be split fairly evenly between planned excursions and free weekends, students must attend all excursion weekends with the program.
Contact Us
Global Programs & Academic Advisor
MSC 1133-124-118, One Brookings Drive St. Louis, MO 63130-4899
The Global Programs office can also be reached by fax at
Quick Links