URL: https://olin.washu.edu/programs/mbas/executive-mba/cost-aid-scholarships.php
TITLE: Executive MBA | Cost, Aid and Scholarships | WashU Olin Business School

Cost, aid and scholarships for Executive MBA
Where your investment translates into immediate growth and lifelong opportunity.
Executive MBA Program Costs
(August 2026-May 2028)
The WashU Olin Executive MBA is a five-semester program with a flat program-rate, with payments due at the start of each semester.
In rare instances when a student must remain enrolled beyond the pre-established number of semesters for degree completion, additional tuition charges will apply. These charges will be determined by a credit rate that is calculated using the same rules that govern instances in which a student exceeds semester cap limits, as outlined in the University Bulletin.
Total Cost: $149,500*
Tuition: $133,970
Program Fees & Course Materials: $15,530
*Tuition and fees for the August 2027 - May 2029 cohort will be posted in Spring 2027.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis. Once admitted, candidates are required to
confirm their seat
with a $2,500 nonrefundable deposit.
EMBA Program Fees
The following items are
included
in the program fees.
Instruction and Materials:
Courses taught by renowned faculty and industry leaders, with textbooks, case studies, and required learning resources delivered directly to you.
Three Immersive Residencies:
Orientation, domestic, and global residencies with lodging and most meals included.
Executive Career and Leadership Support:
Individual leadership coaching, career coaching, a dedicated student services team, and access to the Executive MBA alumni network.
Meals and Services:
On-site breakfast, lunch, and refreshments during class weekends, plus parking, professional networking events, graduation fees, and regalia rental.
The following items are not included in the program fees:
Travel and lodging on class weekends:
Travel and optional overnight accommodations for class weekends are not included. Lodging is only required and provided during residencies.
Airfare and meals:
Flights to and from residencies, as well as some meals during residencies, are not covered.
Funding Your Degree
Connect with your admissions advisor to learn how to apply for scholarship funding. A brief essay may be required.
Scholarships
Scholarship funding for the Executive MBA program is limited and awarded through a comprehensive review of your professional achievements, leadership potential, and financial context. Awards come from multiple sources, including the Dean’s Scholarship, and the Olin Academic Research Centers.
We
strongly encourage early application
if scholarship funding is needed.
US Military/Veteran Awards
All admitted applicants who have served in the U.S. Armed Forces are considered for Olin Veterans Association Fellowships. In addition, WashU proudly supports the Post-9/11 GI Bill and is a full participant in the Yellow Ribbon Program. The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs determines candidates’ eligibility for this benefit.
Outside Funding Sources
In addition to Olin scholarships and veteran support, Executive MBA students may explore funding from external sources, including:
Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
Private Student Loans
Contact Us
Olin Financial Services
Graduate Programs Office
Knight Hall, Room 310
Office Hours:
Monday–Thursday, 8:30 a.m. to 6:30 p.m.
Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.