URL: https://olin.washu.edu/programs/specialized-masters/master-of-accounting/cost-aid-scholarships.php
TITLE: Master's of Accounting | Cost, Aid and Scholarships | WashU Olin Business School

Cost, Aid and Scholarships
Our financial services team is ready to help you understand options for financing your degree.
Master of Accounting Tuition (2026-27 academic year)
The MACC Program is a
two- or three-semester program
that operates on a flat tuition rate basis with payments due at the start of each semester.
In rare instances when a student must remain enrolled beyond the pre-established number of semesters for degree completion, additional tuition charges will apply. These charges will be determined by a credit rate that is calculated using the same rules that govern instances in which a student exceeds semester cap limits, as outlined in the University Bulletin.
Total program tuition cost for candidates starting in Fall 2026 varies depending on the program length chosen as follows:
Tuition ($29,140/semester)
2-Semester Accelerated Program
- $58,280
3-Semester Traditional Program
- $87,420
Estimated Fees
Program fee
— $900
per semester
Student government fee
— $100 per semester
Health and wellness fee
— $350 per semester
Posted Spring 2026
Scholarships
Every applicant admitted to Olin is automatically considered for merit-based scholarship opportunities. A separate application is not required. Criteria used to assess applicants for scholarships are the same as those used for admissions decisions but at a more competitive level. Learn more by visiting the Apply Now page. Candidates receiving awards are informed of the scholarship decision in writing at the point of admission.
All admitted applicants who have served in the U.S. Armed Forces are considered for Olin Veterans Association Fellowships. In addition, WashU proudly supports the Post-9/11 GI Bill and is a full participant in the Yellow Ribbon Program. The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs determines candidates’ eligibility for this benefit.
See all resources for US military veterans
Funding Your Degree
In addition to institutional scholarships, your options include (but aren’t limited to):
WashU Graduate Center: Funding Opportunities
Outside Scholarships
Federal Student Aid
Private Student Loans
Although many resources are available online, including
Olin's Financial Services website
, we’re available to advise you personally.
Email
olinfinancialservices@wustl.edu
or call 314-935-7301. Or you may
schedule an appointment
.
Health Insurance Requirement
Washington University requires all full-time, degree-seeking students to maintain health insurance for the duration of their enrollment.
Students must either purchase the Washington University Student Health Insurance Plan or prove they have adequate coverage through another plan. If you do not demonstrate that you have adequate coverage from another plan, you will be automatically enrolled in the university plan and billed accordingly. Visit
Student Health Services
to learn more.
Ask a current MAcc Student
Neel Agarwal
Master of Accounting
See Student Bio
Olin’s commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion fosters a welcoming and supportive atmosphere for international students from all backgrounds.
Expected Graduation
2025
Residence
Delhi, India
Education
Amity University Uttar Pradesh, Bachelors in Business Administration and Law with Honors
Involvement
Beta Alpha Psi
Quick Links
Contact Us
Olin Financial Services
Graduate Programs Office
Knight Hall, Room 310
Office Hours:
Monday–Thursday, 8:30 a.m. to 6:30 p.m.
Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.