URL: https://olin.washu.edu/programs/bs-business-administration/curriculum.php
TITLE: BS in Business Administration | Curriculum | WashU Olin Business School

BS in Business Administration Curriculum
At Olin, you’re admitted into the BSBA program as a first-year student.
The early entry—offered by only a handful of business schools—means you have a more targeted tool set when you apply for internships and full-time positions.
Obviously, you focus on business fundamentals and your business major. But with your business degree, you must take at least 40% of your classes in areas other than business, which encourages you to broaden your educational horizons and pursue a minor (or two), second major or second undergraduate degree.
In addition to first-year entry, hallmarks of our curriculum include:
Eight different business majors
Emphasis on critical-thinking, problem-solving, teamwork and communication skills
Experiential learning courses with a consulting emphasis
Numerous
study abroad offerings
, including international internships
A Well-Rounded Business Curriculum
To graduate, you must complete a minimum of 120 units of coursework, of which 42.5 units are professional business requirements. You also take 48 required units outside of business, 17.5 units of business electives and 12 units of additional electives round out the requirements.
Required Courses
You must take all your business and required courses for grades, and you must maintain at least a 2.0 GPA overall and in your business school classes. A typical sequence is listed below. See the
WashU Bulletin
for detailed degree requirements.
First Year
Individual in a Managerial Environment
Foundations of Business
Calculus I or higher
English Composition 100
Microeconomics
Managerial Statistics I
Calculus II
Sophomore Year
Principles of Financial Accounting
Managerial Statistics II
Management Communication
Analytics and Modeling for Business Decisions
Core requirements
Junior Year
Core and professional requirements
Senior Year
Professional and general electives
Experiential Learning
Olin’s Center for Experiential Learning pairs teams of business school students with Fortune 500 corporations, nonprofit organizations and startups looking for cost-effective—or pro bono—management expertise. Options include the following:
In the Practicum, faculty-led teams of four or more students work with company representatives on a semester-long management project.
In the Taylor Community Consulting Program, teams of two to four students are assigned to each six-week project with a St. Louis nonprofit.
Global Experiences
International internships, study abroad and on-location courses help you gain an appreciation of how culture influences business strategy and operations.
Learn more about global study opportunities
.
Entrepreneurship
Students seeking an outlet for their creativity and innovation have many options: the Hatchery business plan course, Innovating for Healthcare, CEL Entrepreneurial Consulting Team, student-run on-campus businesses and pitch competitions.
The
Skandalaris Center for Interdisciplinary Innovation and Entrepreneurial Studies
supports startups at all stages as well as student ventures.
Learn more about developing your entrepreneurial spirit.
Olin prepares its students to hit the ground running upon graduation. Its classes emphasize both collaborative and experiential learning. Students receive ample opportunities to work in teams, solve real-world problems and learn from a diverse set of viewpoints.
Rohan Kamalakantha
BS in Business Administration
Read Rohan’s Story
Quick Links
Contact Us
Undergraduate Programs
Simon Hall, Suite 118
Office Hours:
Monday–Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.
(Olin)
(WashU Admissions)
(US toll-free)
(Fax)