URL: https://olin.washu.edu/programs/specialized-masters/on-campus-smp-apply.php
TITLE: On-Campus Specialized Master's Admissions | WashU Olin Business School

How to apply for on-campus specialized master’s programs
Admission is competitive. Our application process is easy.
Follow these instructions for our traditional on-campus specialized master's in accounting, business analytics, finance and supply chain management.
The Olin Admissions Committee carefully reviews each applicant on a number of factors, looking for individuals with strong academic ability, professional potential, leadership qualities, and communication and interpersonal skills. Each entering class is shaped by students with varied backgrounds, experiences, talents, and interests.
You must have completed an undergraduate degree from an accredited institution (comparable to Washington University’s four-year bachelor’s degree) at the time of enrollment. Most international three-year degrees meet this requirement.
Are you ready to apply?
Apply Now
Are you on the right page?
Our online master’s degrees in analytics and finance have different requirements and deadlines.
See how to apply for online SMP
SMP Application Deadlines - Fall 2026
The Fall 2026 application is OPEN!
Application
Due by*
Notification by
Round 1
October 5, 2025
November 7, 2025
Round 2
November 1, 2025
December 12, 2025
Round 3
January 5, 2026
February 27, 2026
Round 4
March 1, 2026
April 17, 2026
Round 5
April 15, 2026
May 15, 2026
Rolling Admissions
After April 15, 2026
Before program start
*Admission decisions are made for applications submitted by 11:59 pm (CT) according to the deadlines for each round noted in the table above.
Are you a current WashU undergraduate student?
Learn about our specialized master’s dual degree opportunities.
Application process and requirements
Application process
Our application process requires submitting a complete online application. Our online application walks you through the requirements.
Application fee:
We do not charge an application fee for the on-campus specialized master's programs. Rather, we wish to consider all candidates who have a serious interest in our program, regardless of the ability to pay a fee.
One-page resume
We want to get to know your background and work history.
Required personal statement
At WashU Olin, we recognize that our community is comprised of individuals who come to us from different pathways and perspectives. Similarly, each student’s journey during and after the program is unique. Please provide a personal statement that describes how your life experiences have shaped your decision to apply to graduate school and how you believe WashU Olin will help you achieve your long-term professional and personal goals. (500-word maximum)
This statement should be uploaded as a file within your application.
Required career essay
Please describe what your ideal career will be immediately following graduation from business school. (100-word maximum)
This essay can be completed within your application.
Academic transcripts (unofficial)
Applicants must hold the equivalent of a US bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution at the time of enrollment to be eligible for the program. (Note: Most international three-year degrees meet this requirement.)
Our Admissions Committee accepts unofficial copies of transcripts and test scores for the sole purpose of rendering an admissions decision. Once you receive news of your acceptance and decide to join Olin, you must then submit your official transcripts and valid, official test scores—at least two weeks prior to the start of orientation.
Be sure your transcripts include
all
coursework taken and the grades received for each course, as well as any transcript instructions or descriptions provided by the institution.
Transcripts for study abroad programs or transfer credits are not required if the course titles, grades and credit hours are included on the transcript of the degree-granting institution.
International students must submit transcripts in the original language and English translation.
Credential evaluations of transcripts, such as WES or ECE, are not required.
Enrolling Students
Enrolling students must submit official transcripts that include all coursework taken and the grades received for each course, as well as any transcript instructions or descriptions provided by the institution.
Students must show proof of degree.
For most US institutions (and many non-US institutions) an official transcript sent directly from the university or college will include the degree awarded and date the degree was conferred. If you have not yet graduated, the official transcript from the degree-granting institution should be sent as it becomes available.
For students who have graduated from non-US institutions where the academic transcript does not show degree awarded and date of degree conferral, it will be necessary for you to bring your diploma, diploma book or other equivalent document with you to St. Louis. When you arrive—and before classes start—you must bring your transcript to the Olin Graduate Programs Admission for visual verification. These documents will then be returned to you.
English proficiency exam scores (international applicants only)
WashU is responsible for confirming that visitors and students possess the necessary level of English language proficiency to succeed in their respective course of study and/or program. For more information on WashU's accepted English language proficiency tests and minimum score requirements, please
click here
.
Tests We Accept:
TOEFL iBT, TOEFL Home Edition
Minimum Composite Score Required: 90
IELTS: IELTS Academic, IELTS Indicator
Minimum Composite Score Required: 6.5
Gateway English
Minimum Overall Score Required: 495
Duolingo
Minimum Overall Score: 125
Standardized test scores (not required)*
Standardized tests (GMAT or GRE) are one part of the application process used to evaluate academic ability.
Submission of test scores is not required but is recommended for most candidates.
It is up to each applicant to decide how best to submit their strongest case for admission. For those who choose not to submit a test score, the Admissions Committee will carefully consider how past academic and professional experiences have prepared them for the academic rigor of the program. In particular, the committee will consider:
A strong undergraduate GPA;
Demonstrated quantitative skills in prior academic and/or professional experience;
An advanced or terminal degree (e.g., JD, MD, PhD or quantitative MS degree);
A quantitatively oriented professional certificate (e.g., CPA, CFA);
An officer’s rank in the military, or
Performance on an expired GMAT or GRE
Test scores must be released when you submit your application. We can accept the online versions of the GMAT and GRE.
Optional essay
Is there anything else you would like to share? If so, please provide additional information not previously addressed in the application that would help the admissions committee assess your candidacy. (250-word maximum)
Prerequisites
To help ensure your success in our specialized master’s programs, we require limited prerequisites to prepare you for your studies.
MS Business Analytics
Statistics
MS in AI for Business
Statistics
MS in Wealth Management
We review each applicant on a number of factors, looking for individuals with strong academic, professional and extracurricular activities. We base our selections on past performance, quantitative skills and communication skills. To ensure diversity in each entering class, we admit students with various backgrounds, experiences, talents and interests.
MS in Corporate Finance
We review each applicant on a number of factors, looking for individuals with strong academic, professional and extracurricular activities. We base our selections on past performance, quantitative skills and communication skills. To ensure diversity in each entering class, we admit students with various backgrounds, experiences, talents and interests.
MS in Wealth and Asset Management
Statistics, Calculus I
MS in Quantitative Finance
Statistics, Calculus I
Master of Accounting
Introduction to Financial Accounting
Master of Supply Chain Management
We review each applicant on a number of factors, looking for individuals with strong academic, professional and extracurricular activities. We base our selections on past performance, quantitative skills and communication skills. To ensure diversity in each entering class, we admit students with various backgrounds, experiences, talents and interests.
MS in the Business of Sports
We review each applicant on a number of factors, looking for individuals with strong academic, professional and extracurricular activities. We base our selections on past performance, quantitative skills and communication skills. To ensure diversity in each entering class, we admit students with various backgrounds, experiences, talents and interests.
Are you ready to apply?
Apply Now
Contact Us
Graduate Admissions
Olin Business School - Knight Hall
One Brookings Drive
St. Louis, MO 63130-4899
Office Hours:
Monday–Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.