URL: https://olin.washu.edu/programs/mbas/executive-mba/emba-mumbai.php
TITLE: Executive MBA in Mumbai | WashU Olin Business School

Partners in advancing business leadership
Executive MBA in Mumbai
Our joint-venture EMBA program with IIT Bombay advances the leadership skills—and the careers—of senior-level working professionals.
A partnership between Shailesh J. Mehta School of Management (SJMSOM) at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) in Bombay and Washington University in St. Louis, the Executive MBA program is modeled after Washington University's internationally recognized sister programs in the United States and China.
Location
Mumbai
Duration
18 months
Format
In Person
Start
Spring
Study at a major center of world commerce
Located in Mumbai — the commercial and financial heart of India — IITB is recognized for its pioneering engineering and management education and research.
A proven model for working professionals
Here’s how the 18-month Executive MBA Mumbai program works:
You continue working while attending courses four days per month, from Thursday morning through Sunday evening, in Mumbai.
Taught in English by world-class professors from Olin and IIT Bombay, the curriculum builds knowledge, global perspective, and tools you can apply immediately to your business challenges.
You learn from and with high-achieving, collaborative cohorts with years of collective professional experience.
The program ends with a two-week capstone experience at Washington University in St. Louis.
Learn more and apply
Enroll in the only program conferring an EMBA degree from both an Indian and an American university.
Visit our partner website.
EMBA Mumbai program costs
The program fee for the IIT Bombay–Washington University Executive MBA program offered in Mumbai is INR 42 lakhs (no additional GST is applicable). The initial nonrefundable deposit is Rs. 3,000,000. Meals, textbooks, tutoring assistance, study materials, parking, and lodging for class weekends and international residency are included in the program cost.
In addition, you are responsible for all your transportation costs, including airfare to St. Louis for the international management residency at Washington University. You are also required to purchase a laptop, if you don’t already have one, prior to starting the program.
Contact us
Shailesh J. Mehta School of Management