URL: https://olin.washu.edu/programs/bs-business-administration/majors-minors/index.php
TITLE: Business Majors and Minors | WashU Olin Business School

Follow Your Heart to the Career of Your Dreams
BSBA Majors and Minors
Your choice in major and minor is important and guides the direction of your future career.
As an undergraduate pursuing your BSBA degree, consider how you want to mix your passions and interests together as you choose from our eight business majors.
You have more than a year to take classes and consider your options—you declare your business major (or majors) during your sophomore year. Once decided, you tailor your academic portfolio to your career interests and objectives.
Majors
You’re able to combine the majors listed below with majors or minors from WashU’s other schools, such as Arts & Sciences or the McKelvey School of Engineering, further personalizing your college education.
Accounting
BSBA in Accounting
Accounting represents a proven path to an exciting and challenging career in business. Accounting professionals are in high demand and enjoy strong job security, lucrative and diverse career paths, work-life balance and flexibility, and transferrable skills.
Undergraduate to Graduate Accelerated Pathway (U-GAP)
Earn your BSBA in Accounting and MACC simultaneously through our
Dual or Second Degree
initiative. Doing so can save time and money, ensure you meet the 150-credit hour requirement for the CPA credential, and allow for specialization within the profession.
Key contacts for further information:
Jeff Plunkett
, Professor of Practice in Accounting
Claire Sheehan
, Associate Director of Graduate Recruitment (Specialized Masters Programs)
Economics and Strategy
Actively engage in research and experiential opportunities as you immerse yourself in a curriculum that covers a broad spectrum of economic subjects, including game theory, research analysis and industrial economics.
Entrepreneurship
Learn the business of starting a business. Elective course topics include the business of fashion, real estate finance and sports management, while a wide range of experiential elective courses give you opportunities to volunteer, consult and travel the world.
Finance
BSBA in Finance
Dive deep into a complex and competitive field, the expertise of which is valued around the globe. Course topics include venture capital practice, capital investments and quantitative risk management.
Undergraduate to Graduate Accelerated Pathway (U-GAP)
Earn your BSBA in Finance and MSF simultaneously through our
Dual or Second Degree
initiative. With the U-GAP for MSF, you can complete a master’s degree in less time and at a lower cost.  Doing so allows you to obtain more financial, analytical, and technical tools that are highly desirable by employers.  You can choose a few specializations, including fintech, wealth management, and quantitative finance.
Key contacts for further information:
Jian Cai
, Senior Lecturer in Finance & Academic Director for Corporate Finance (MSFC) and Wealth and Asset Management (MSFWAM)
Lorenzo Naranjo
, Senior Lecturer in Finance & Academic Director for Quantitative Finance (MSFQ) and Financial Technology (MSFTA)
Claire Sheehan
, Associate Director of Graduate Recruitment (Specialized Masters Programs)
Healthcare Management
Gain proficiency in one of our nation's fastest-growing industries—the business of medicine. In addition to core classes, you have the opportunity to take electives that address major concerns facing us today, such as medical ethics, the political economy of health and pharmaceutical personhood.
Marketing
Our marketing major immerses you not only in the fundamentals of market research but also in such niche topics as business experiments, pricing strategies and innovations. Experiential learning opportunities allow you to learn the art and science of sales well before you graduate.
Operations and Supply Chain Management
BSBA in Operations and Supply Chain Management
Operations and Supply Chain Management offers a high-demand career path across industries, from delivering goods to optimizing services like healthcare. It develops hard skills such as process optimization and data analysis alongside soft skills like leadership and problem-solving. With a global talent shortage, this future-proof field provides abundant opportunities and transferable business skills.
Undergraduate to Graduate Accelerated Pathway (U-GAP)
Earn your BSBA in Operations, SCM, and MSSCM simultaneously through our
Dual or Second Degree
initiative. Doing so can save time and money and allow for specialization within the profession.
Key contacts for further information:
Sergio Chayet
, Teaching Professor of Supply Chain, Operations, and Technology, Academic Director of MS in Supply Chain programs
Claire Sheehan
, Associate Director of Graduate Recruitment (Specialized Masters Programs)
Organization and Strategic Management
Learn how to lead in any industry and shape the workplace of the future. Courses address the fundamentals of leadership as well as specific critical issues facing our organizations today, including government regulation, mindfulness and performance, and global strategy.
BSBA degree and business major requirements vary by graduation year.
Visit the
Washington University online bulletin
to view course descriptions.
Minors
Support your major (or majors) with one of Olin’s six business minors.
Business Analytics
Complement your major field of study with courses addressing data management and analytics, financial technology, and people metrics.
The Business of the Arts
Study the economic side of creating, buying and selling works of art with courses and experiential learning opportunities that touch on fashion, publishing, entrepreneurship and consumer behavior.
Learn more about the Business of the Arts
.
The Business of Entertainment
Immerse yourself in the economics of a multidisciplinary juggernaut, the entertainment industry. Study financial, legal and brand management as they pertain specifically to media and hospitality, as well as niche topics like histories of media convergence and filmmaking.
The Business of Social Impact
Gain the skills you need to be a vanguard of ever-growing sustainability efforts the world over with a broad range of courses covering climate change, social entrepreneurship, urban ecology and gender in society.
The Business of Sports
Dive deep into the competitive field of sports economics with a core curriculum that covers management, analytics and marketing. Electives give you a glimpse into such specifics as legal issues in sports, brand management and sports entrepreneurship.
Learn more about sports business
.
International Business
Make the world your classroom. This minor requires an international study abroad experience in addition to academic courses that address the economies of Israel, Australia, London and beyond.
Undergraduate to Graduate Accelerated Pathway (U-GAP)
Our Undergraduate to Graduate Accelerated Pathway (U-GAP) is designed for current WashU Olin undergraduates. Students can earn a BSBA degree and a Masters degree in a given field in just five years.  Students can save both time and money by taking several graduate courses at undergraduate tuition rates and can further specialize within their field of study.
Second Majors & Minors for Nonbusiness WashU Students
Washington University undergraduates from schools other than Olin can major, minor or take a fundamentals course in business.
Second Majors in Business
Second majors in business for nonbusiness students include Accounting, Economics and Strategy, Entrepreneurship, Finance, Healthcare Management, Leadership and Strategic Management, Marketing, and Operations and Supply Chain Management.
Requirements vary based on your graduation year:
Class of 2024
(PDF)
Class of 2025
(PDF)
See course descriptions and more by clicking on the Majors tab in the
WashU Bulletin
and then clicking on "Second Majors for Non-BSBA Candidates."
Minors in Business for Nonbusiness Students
Nonbusiness students also can minor in the following business areas: Accounting, Business Analytics, Business of the Arts, Business of Entertainment, Business of Social Impact, Business of Sports, Entrepreneurship, Finance, General Business, Healthcare Management, International Business, Leadership, Managerial Economics, Marketing, Operations and Supply Chain Management, Organization and Strategic Management, and Strategy.
Learn the details by clicking on the Minors tab in the
WashU Bulletin
.
Courses for Nonbusiness Students
You can learn the basics of business without committing to a second major or minor.
MGT 200A: Business Fundamentals and Professional Competencies for Non-business Students
provides skills essential in any industry—with corporate, entrepreneurial, nonprofit and government employers. WashU Arts & Sciences, engineering, design and visual arts majors can sign up through Workday.
Learn from Professors Who Love to Teach
Olin faculty members are recognized for their scholarship, management expertise and research productivity to guide you on your educational journey.
Quick Links