URL: https://olin.washu.edu/programs/global-programs/undergraduate/israel-summer-business-academy/curriculum.php
TITLE: Curriculum for the Israel Summer Business Academy | WashU Olin Business School

Curriculum for the Israel Summer Business Academy
I thought generally the best aspects of the program were the opportunities to meet such impressive people in Israel. The company visits really gave a perfect balance of both the Israeli perspective of people's jobs and also just the general role they play in the business world. As a rising sophomore, it is a perfect time to fully understand what different jobs entail and which best fit your needs.
—2023 ISBA Alum
The unique ISBA program is a once-in-a-lifetime experience. You’re on the ground in Israel, engaging with entrepreneurs and innovators and seeing the Israeli startup community firsthand.
Business, Innovation and Entrepreneurship in Israel
The first course module of the trip outlines Israel’s economy, various industries, culture and politics, along with detailing the business challenges and opportunities the country faces. You visit innovative companies, meet with Israeli entrepreneurs and venture capitalists, and gain insights from government officials.
Many of the people, places and firms you visit in Tel Aviv are mentioned in
Start-Up Nation: The Story of Israel’s Economic Miracle
, one of the books you read in the course.
Venture Creation
For the second course module, you work in teams to either advance your own business ideas or support emerging Israeli entrepreneurs. The teams research, write and pitch business plans for new commercial or social ventures. As a result of this process, you gain an understanding of what it takes to launch a startup venture.
Beyond the Classroom
ISBA’s emphasis is experiential. Projects and assignments include real-world components that enable you to apply classroom knowledge to actual management challenges. You also interact with Israeli students.
Supplemental activities planned by ISBA student services staff include weekend trips, cultural events and immersion experiences.
Cultural Immersion and Orientation Programming
You receive pre-departure information electronically. After you arrive in Israel, you attend an onsite orientation that provides an overview of ISBA, academy resources and country characteristics.
Sample Site Visits
Carat.io
EY (Ernst & Young)
Facetune
Femforward
Flex
Geminin
Google
Health Consortium
Ironsource
Lool ventures
Maniv Mobility Fund
Meez
mHealth
Mizaa Venture Capital
Moovit
OurCrowd
Outbrain
Peres Center for Innovation
Pitango Venture Capital
Samsung Next
Start Up Nation Central
Taboola
Tabtel
TLV Campus
UBIMO
Waze
WeSki
WeTrip
Contact Us
Global Programs & Academic Advisor
MSC 1133-124-118, One Brookings Drive St. Louis, MO 63130-4899
The Global Programs office can also be reached by fax at
Quick Links