URL: https://olin.washu.edu/programs/mbas/full-time-mba/cost-aid-scholarships.php
TITLE: Full-Time MBA | Cost, Aid and Scholarships | WashU Olin Business School

Cost, aid and scholarships for MBA
Our financial services team is ready to help you understand options for financing your degree.
Full-Time MBA Costs (2026-27 academic year)
The Full-Time MBA Program is a
two-year
(four-semester) program that operates on a flat tuition rate basis with payments due at the start of each semester. Tuition and fees are subject to annual increases (typically 3% - 5%). These are set by the University each spring for the following academic year. The costs below are for candidates starting in Fall 2026 and assuming graduation in May 2028.
In rare instances when a student must remain enrolled beyond the pre-established number of semesters for degree completion, additional tuition charges will apply. These charges will be determined by a credit rate that is calculated using the same rules that govern instances in which a student exceeds semester cap limits, as outlined in the University Bulletin.
Tuition
The following table lists current and estimated tuition costs for the Full-Time MBA Program.
Semester
Tuition
Fall 2026
$36,350
Spring 2027
$36,350
Fall 2027 (estimate)
$36,350
Spring 2028 (estimate)
$36,350
Total (estimate)
$145,400
Estimated Fees (2026-27 academic year)
Program fee
— $900 per semester
Student government fee
— $130 per semester
Health and wellness fee
— $350 per semester
Posted Spring 2026
Scholarships
Every applicant admitted to Olin is automatically considered for merit-based scholarship opportunities. A separate application is not required, unless noted. Criteria used to assess scholarship applicants are the same as those used for admissions decisions, but at a more competitive level.
Learn more by visiting our How to Apply page. Candidates receiving awards are informed of the scholarship decision in writing at the point of admission.
Additional award opportunities exist as follows:
The Consortium
The Forté Foundation
McDonnell International Scholars Academy
Reaching Out
Resources for U.S. military veterans
The emphasis on being a data-driven, values-based student aligns with my aspirations, making Olin the perfect choice to bring out my best self.
Anthony Kifue
Full-Time MBA
Read Anthony's story
Funding Your Degree
In addition to institutional scholarships, your options include (but aren’t limited to):
WashU Graduate Center: Funding Opportunities
Outside Scholarships
Federal Student Aid
Private Student Loans
Although many resources are available online, including
Olin's Financial Services website
, we’re available to advise you personally.
Email
olinfinancialservices@wustl.edu
or call 314-935-7301. Or you may
schedule an appointment
.
Health Insurance Requirement
Washington University requires all full-time, degree-seeking students to maintain health insurance for the duration of their enrollment.
Students must either purchase the Washington University Student Health Insurance Plan or prove they have adequate coverage through another plan. If you do not demonstrate that you have adequate coverage from another plan, you will be automatically enrolled in the university plan and billed accordingly. Visit
Student Health Services
to learn more.
Quick Links
Contact Us
Olin Financial Services
Graduate Programs Office
Knight Hall, Room 310
Office Hours:
Monday–Thursday, 8:30 a.m. to 6:30 p.m.
Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.