URL: https://olin.washu.edu/programs/global-programs/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate Global Opportunities | WashU Olin Business School

Gain a Global Perspective
International Opportunities for Undergrads
Learn at top universities around the world.
Gain insights and increase your global savvy through an international internship, a study abroad or experience an academic study tour.
Study Abroad Programs
Study abroad programs require students to be independent and self-motivated. You enroll in foreign institutions, often with locals or students from other nations. There may be many WashU students at the same university, or you could be the only one.
You confer with your Olin academic advisor to choose courses (equivalent to 12 or more WashU credits) that best fit your academic plan and career goals. Our global programs staff advises you on making a successful transition to living abroad.
Semester Study Abroad Locations
Vienna, Austria, WU Vienna University of Economics and Business
https://www.wu.ac.at/en/
Bangkok, Thailand, Thammasat University
https://tu.ac.th/en
Nice, France, SKEMA Business School
https://www.skema.edu/en/campus/sophia-antipolis
Maastricht, Netherlands,
Maastricht University
Copenhagen, Denmark,
Copenhagen Business School
Vallendar, Germany,
WHU-Otto Beisheim School of Management
Dublin, Ireland,
London, England,
Queen Mary University of London
Paris, France
,
Paris School of Business
Barcelona, Spain
,
ESADE
Madrid, Spain
,
Universidad Carlos III
Milan, Italy
Herzliya, Israel
,
Reichman University, Interdisciplinary Center of Herzliya
Jerusalem, Israel
,
Hebrew University of Jerusalem
Sydney, Australia
,
University of Sydney
Hong Kong, China,
Chinese University of Hong Kong
and
Hong Kong University of Science & Technology
Singapore
,
Singapore Management University (SMU)
Seoul, South Korea
,
Korea University
Argentina
WashU welcomes
University of Macau
undergraduate honors students to study in the Olin BSBA program.
International Internship
and Study Programs
Olin international internships includes several weeks of coursework and a professional internship. You gain valuable global experience that differentiates you from other candidates with prospective employers. Program components include:
More than 15 total credit hours in required courses that vary by program
Challenging full-time, semester-long internship
Completion of three-credit-hour, thesis-type research paper, with presentation to faculty, fellow students and/or representatives from your internship organization
Most locations include a group study tour
London, England
Courses taught in English by Olin-selected faculty from schools such as LSE and Oxford University
Asia Pacific: Sydney, Hong Kong or Singapore
Courses taught in English at Sydney, Australia
Asian Study Tour
Herzliya, Israel
Courses taught in English at Reichman University
Colloquium series at Zell Center for Entrepreneurship
For more information, visit the
BSBA Global Programs site
.
Academic Study Tours
The European Study Tour (EST) is your introduction to the European Union and European markets and contains a valuable experiential learning format to help you develop your research, analysis and presentation skills.
Teams of two students travel to an EU capital with an important business topic assignment (such as EU enlargement and the Euro financial crisis), interview government officials and business experts, and conduct on-the-ground research. During part two of the study tour, students gather in Brussels to attend lectures and meetings with European Parliament members and debate findings with fellow study-abroad students at a mock parliament.
The Asian Study Tour gives students the opportunity to explore the business and culture of the region during a weeklong program. Travelling as a group, students undertake a mixture of classes, meetings with local and international businesses, and cultural activities designed to help them expand their knowledge of business in the Asia Pacific. The tour destination may change annually.