URL: https://olin.washu.edu/programs/specialized-masters/online-ms-in-business-analytics/cost-aid-scholarships.php
TITLE: Cost, Aid and Scholarships | WashU Olin Business School

Cost, Aid and Scholarships for Online MS in Business Analytics
Our Financial Services team is ready to help you understand options for financing your degree.
Online MS in Business Analytics tuition, 2026-27 academic year
The Online MS in Business Analytics is a
six-semester program
that operates on a tuition-per-credit basis. Tuition and fees are subject to annual increases. These are set by the University each spring for the following academic year. Payments are due at the start of each semester and are based on the number of credits each student takes in any given semester.
Tuition
Total program tuition cost for candidates starting in Fall 2026 is estimated at $50,358*. This is based on a total of 33 credits needed for degree completion at the current rate of $1,526/credit.
Estimated Fees (2026-27 academic year)
Program fee
— $300 per semester
*This rate is confirmed as of Spring 2026 and does not account for possible annual tuition rate increases.
The Online MS in Business Analytics is a
six-semester program
that operates on a flat tuition rate basis with payments due at the start of each semester.
In rare instances when a student must remain enrolled beyond the pre-established number of semesters for degree completion, additional tuition charges will apply. These charges will be determined by a credit rate that is calculated using the same rules that govern instances in which a student exceeds semester cap limits, as outlined in the University Bulletin.
Total program costs for candidates starting in Spring 2026 is as follows:
Estimated Tuition: $50,358 ($8,393/semester)
Estimated Program Fees
Program Fee
— $500 per semester
Tuition and fees are subject to annual increases. Tuition increases are typically 3% to 5%.
Posted Spring 2026
Stacked Credentials
The Online MS in Business Analytics program consists of three credentials; each is one-third of the total tuition to earn the degree.
Graduate Certificate Tuition — $16,786
Advanced Graduate Certificate Tuition — $33,572
Master’s Degree Tuition — $50,358
Apply Now
Scholarships
Scholarship funding for the Flex MBA program is limited and minimal, and awards are determined through a holistic review of each applicant’s past academic performance, professional achievements, leadership potential, and financial context. Awards are made through select Olin School–based funding sources, including the Dean’s Scholarship. Applicants who require scholarship consideration are strongly encouraged to apply early. An optional, short essay explaining the need for scholarship support may be requested as part of the review process.
US Military/Veteran Awards
All admitted applicants who have served in the U.S. Armed Forces are considered for Olin Veterans Association Fellowships. In addition, WashU proudly supports the Post-9/11 GI Bill and is a full participant in the Yellow Ribbon Program. The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs determines candidates’ eligibility for this benefit.
Outside Funding Sources
In addition to Olin scholarships and veteran support, Executive MBA students may explore funding from external sources, including:
Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
Private Student Loans
Funding Your Degree
In addition to institutional scholarships, your options include (but aren’t limited to):
WashU Graduate Center: Funding Opportunities
Outside Scholarships
Federal Student Aid
Private Student Loans
Although many resources are available online, including
Olin's Financial Services website
, we’re available to advise you personally.
Email
olinfinancialservices@wustl.edu
or call 314-935-7301. Or you may
schedule an appointment
.
Quick Links
Contact Us
Olin Financial Services
Graduate Programs Office
Knight Hall, Room 310
Office Hours:
Monday–Thursday, 8:30 a.m. to 6:30 p.m.
Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.