URL: https://olin.washu.edu/programs/bs-business-administration/career-prospects.php
TITLE: BS in Business Administration | Career Prospects | WashU Olin Business School

Your Future Is Waiting for You
BSBA Career Prospects
Your time at Olin is one of discovery and growth.  As you prepare for a career with meaning and impact, rest assured you have the support you need to land the job of your dreams.
From the moment you arrive at WashU Olin, your career journey begins. And your partner on that journey is WashU’s Center for Career Engagement.
The
Center for Career Engagement
provides coaching, skills training, career planning and access to a global community of business leaders, recruiters, influencer networks and WashU alumni.
Charting Your Path
Career coaches guide you on a path to professional success.  Better understand your goals, tell your story, narrow your search and secure a position.
Learn more about career services
Career Search
We help you break down your career search process into small, manageable tasks.
Coaching Teams
Work one-on-one with a Certified Career Management Coach while at WashU Olin and after graduation. Gain confidence so you can network, interview and evaluate offers and pursue the best opportunities for your skill set and ambitions.
Customized Curriculum
Partner with your academic advisor and career coach to get the most out of your WashU education. Use self-assessment tools to get a clear sense of what you want to do next, where you want your career to take you and how you can best meet your professional goals.
An Olin BSBA Pays Off
$85,000
median base salary
96%
employment rate
$5,000
median monthly internship
37%
of job offers were internship conversions
Internships and Experience
Gain valuable experience over the summer as you work toward your degree. Whether you land a formal internship, build your network or attend leadership programs, you’re expanding your resume and the story you can tell potential employers.
The opportunity to practice case interviews, review resumes and cover letters, discuss firm-specific interview tips, and receive advice regarding how to navigate multiple offers was crucial to helping me secure my summer internship.
—Nicole Thraum, BSBA 2020
Career Development Courses
Career coaches and academic advisors are great resources as you choose Olin majors and minors. You can supplement your major with another major, a minor or a second degree from another WashU school.
These courses, available to all Olin undergrad students, feature core communication and career development concepts embedded directly into the course content.
MGT 201: Management Communications
focuses on key skills like teamwork, interpersonal communication, active listening and business writing—all things that are highly sought after by employers. This course is required for BSBA sophomores.
MGT 450A: The Internship in Business
deepens the learning gained from an internship. It’s a great option for students whose employers require that they be compensated via course credit.
Life after Olin
WashU Olin Business School has a global reputation for developing leaders. However you chart your professional path, you’ll be in exceptional company. And remember, as an Olin alum, you receive lifelong career coaching and support.
Employers That Hire
Accenture
Amazon
Bain & Company
Boston Consulting Group
Citibank
Deloitte
Gap Inc.
Goldman Sachs
Google
JPMorgan
KPMG
McKinsey & Co.
Microsoft
Ogilvy
RBC Capital Markets
United Health Group
Read our Employment Report
Employment by Industry
See the industries our graduates go on to work in after receiving their degrees.
Industry
% of Graduates
Finance/Insurance
43%
Consulting
24%
Media/Entertainment
8%
Technology
6%
Accounting
3%
Healthcare
3%
Retail
3%
Other
11%
Employment by Function
See how our graduates put their degrees and skills to work by job function.
Function
% of Graduates
Finance
37%
Consulting
24%
Business/Data Analytics
12%
Marketing
6%
General Management
5%
Operations
4%
Other
13%
My favorite class has been Management 100. This class was fast-paced, and the three units—microeconomics, strategy and management—each contributed to a deeper understanding of the business world.
Jeanette Smith
BSBA
Read Jeanette’s story
Quick Links
Contact Us
Undergraduate Programs
Simon Hall, Suite 118
Office Hours:
Monday–Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.
(Olin)
(WashU Admissions)
(US toll-free)
(Fax)