URL: https://olin.washu.edu/programs/global-programs/undergraduate/israel-summer-business-academy/index.php
TITLE: Israel Summer Business Academy | WashU Olin Business School

Undergraduate Summer Business Academy
Israel Summer Business Academy (ISBA)
The Israel Summer Business Academy (ISBA) is a unique opportunity for undergraduate students to study and immerse themselves in Israel—a country that’s built itself around entrepreneurship.
Spend approximately three days a week attending lectures and working on group and individual assignments at Mindspace, located in central Tel Aviv. The other 2 days are spent visiting companies and listening to guest lectures.
ISBA Summer 2026
Due to the ongoing conflict in Israel, Washington University in St. Louis has decided to suspend travel to Israel for the ISBA Summer 2026 program.
The university recognizes this is a dynamic and evolving situation and the University’s International Travel Oversight Committee (ITOC) will be reviewing this decision weekly as the situation progresses. As such, the ISBA Summer 2026 program will not be running.
Why Study Entrepreneurship in Israel?
Launched in the summer of 2014, the Israel Summer Business Academy is designed for students of all faiths, beliefs and academic backgrounds who want to learn about Israeli business and startup culture firsthand. This is a powerful opportunity to immerse yourself in a truly innovative environment that encourages startups.
I came to ISBA knowing little about venture capital or entrepreneurship, and I walked away feeling like an expert.
—Noah, University of Michigan
Israel has more startups per capita than any other country in the world, with 65% of the companies still in business after five years. Israel–with a population of about 8 million–is #3 on the list of countries with the most companies on NASDAQ, behind only the United States and China. While there, you learn about Israeli entrepreneurship, innovation and nonprofit consulting through coursework, speakers, company visits and actual nonprofit consulting.
You’ll also visit historical and cultural sites such as Masada and the Dead Sea, Jerusalem, and a number of museums in Tel Aviv.
Contact Us
Global Programs & Academic Advisor
MSC 1133-124-118, One Brookings Drive St. Louis, MO 63130-4899
The Global Programs office can also be reached by fax at
Quick Links