URL: https://olin.wustl.edu/programs/bs-business-administration/index.php
TITLE: BS in Business Administration | WashU Olin Business School

Bachelor of Science in Business Administration
Our Business Majors Make a Major Difference
When you know you want to change the world, you want to get started as quickly as possible.
When you pursue a BSBA at WashU Olin, you start your education on day one.
Location
St. Louis
Duration
4 Years
Format
In-Person
Start
Fall
As a business major at Olin, you solve real-world management problems and sharpen your analytical skills. Learn from some of the brightest minds in business on our Danforth Campus and in classrooms around the world. And you get a four-year jump on a competitive and thrilling career.
Gain a first-class business education with the flexibility to pursue other areas of interest throughout WashU.
How to Apply
BSBA by the Numbers
A four-year college education is one of the biggest investments you’ll ever make. At Olin, the return on that investment rewards you for a lifetime.
100%
of admitted students
with financial need fully covered
Tuition and financial aid
60%
of Olin undergrads
study or intern abroad
Global studies
96%
employment rate
within 90 days of graduation
Career discovery
90%
of classes
have fewer than 50 students
BSBA curriculum
40%
of classes
are taken outside Olin
50+
entrepreneurship courses
to choose from
Olin entrepreneurship
The WashU Difference
Get to know Washington University—a community where you can be an individual and achieve exceptional things.
WashU Admissions
Committed to Affordability
Total university charges (including housing and fees) for 2024-25 are estimated at $87,644. Washington University is expanding its “no-loan” financial aid policy to include all admitted undergraduate students beginning in fall 2024.
See WashU Financial Aid website for tuition and fee details and cost calculator.
A WashU education within your reach
Match Interests to Majors and Minors
Your choice in major and minor is important and guides the direction of your future career. As an undergraduate pursuing your BSBA degree, consider how you want to mix your passions and interests together as you choose from our eight business majors.
Accounting
Economics and Strategy
Entrepreneurship
Finance
Healthcare Management
Organization and Strategic Management
Marketing
Operations and Supply Chain Management
You have more than a year to take classes and consider your options—you declare your business major (or majors) during your sophomore year. Once decided, you tailor your academic portfolio to your career interests and objectives.
Learn more about majors and minors
Hands-On Learning Starts Today
Make today’s business better. It all begins here.
A BSBA from WashU is unlike a BSBA from anywhere else because it all starts the moment you arrive on campus. Here, you dig deep into specialty areas as an undergraduate from day one, tackling interdisciplinary projects that address important global and local issues.
You go beyond the classroom, applying what you’re learning to real-world situations as you study and collaborate with fellow future business leaders from all over the world. Explore other interests through WashU’s diverse range of major and minor programs. Gain global competency—an Olin requirement—through our unique internship opportunities.
Center for Experiential Learning
Careers and Outcomes
After graduation from WashU Olin, you join a network of more than 28,000 alumni around the world. Through this network and deeply immersive business experiences, you gain access to a career beyond your wildest dreams. This isn’t hyperbole: We boast a 96% placement rate within 90 days of graduation. Our alumni report a median base salary of nearly $85,000 in their first year of full-time work and a median signing bonus of $10,600.
Your professional life begins long before graduation. Throughout your time at Olin, you work closely with faculty, advisors and colleagues to carefully plan your career. You have ample opportunities to put your collaboration and critical thinking skills into practice. Leveraging Olin’s Center for Experiential Learning and career experts at WashU’s Center for Career Engagement, you gain valuable experience while building relationships with leading innovators and decision-makers. When the time comes to receive your diploma, you’ll already be well on your way to a lifetime of business success.
Discover career resources
Global Competency
Our world grows smaller and more interconnected with every passing day—for this reason, we prioritize the development of a global perspective. We require global competency for all BSBA students. And we offer study abroad programs that vary in content, structure and duration so you can find the opportunity that’s right for you. More than 60% of our undergraduates study or intern in a foreign country. Many regard this time abroad as the highlight of their college careers.
Discover our
study abroad programs
on four continents, including programs with semester-long international internships.
Learn about our immersive
experiential learning programs
.
Consider a 6-week program centered on entrepreneurship in our
Israel Summer Business Academy
.
Ask a Current BSBA
Morgan Schrier
BS in Business Administration
See Student Bio
Everyone wants you to reach your full potential during your time at Olin.
Expected Graduation
2026
Hometown
Memphis, Tennessee
Major/Minors
Major: Organization & Strategic Management, Minor: Psychological & Brain Sciences
Involvement
Bear Ambassadors, Olin Peer Ambassadors, Alpha Epsilon Phi Sorority
Spencer Min
BS in Business Administration
See Student Bio
Nearly every Olin class has team-based projects, which have proven incredibly valuable for my interpersonal skills and professional development.
Expected Graduation
2024
Hometown
New York City, NY
Major/Minors
Majors in Finance and Political Science
Involvement
Phi Gamma Nu (Professional Fraternity), Reformed University Fellowship, MGT100 TA, Club Golf
Join the WashU Community
Olin is one of the nation’s best business schools. And as one of Washington University’s seven schools, Olin is part of an even broader academic community.
As a WashU undergrad, you have access to more than 90 programs and 1,500 courses taught by some of the world’s finest professors. You have the chance to work on projects that transcend school and discipline. And you have the opportunity to participate in more than 350 student organizations alongside fellow students who will become your lifelong friends, your support system, and your future professional network and colleagues.
Explore
Life@WashU
.
Learn how you can engage with the greater WashU and St. Louis communities
.
See for Yourself What Makes WashU Special
Check out virtual and in-person visit options—meet current students, sit in on a class and explore our beautiful campus.
Plan your visit
Quick Links
Contact Us
Undergraduate Programs
Simon Hall, Suite 118
Office Hours:
Monday–Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.
(Olin)
(WashU Admissions)
(US toll-free)
(Fax)
In the News
Learn more about undergraduate student experiences.
More News
Holekamp Seed Fund boosts record number of student entrepreneurs
3 minute read
Read more
Read more about Holekamp Seed Fund boosts record number of student entrepreneurs
Olin BSBA student leads with focus on values, service
3 minute read
Read more
Read more about Olin BSBA student leads with focus on values, service
More News