URL: https://olin.washu.edu/programs/mbas/full-time-mba/apply.php
TITLE: Full-Time MBA | How to Apply | WashU Olin Business School

How to apply for the Full-Time MBA
Admission is competitive. Our application process is easy.
Each applicant is carefully considered by the Olin Admissions Committee — using both objective and subjective criteria — and there is no formula used to arrive at a decision. Rather, the Admissions Committee takes a holistic approach to candidate evaluation, with specific interest in your academic ability, professional potential, leadership qualities, communication and interpersonal skills, demonstrated achievements, and motivation.
We purposely maintain a relatively small class size. An intended consequence of this choice is that every student has an individualized experience. As we craft a class, we value and seek diversity by accepting candidates with varied backgrounds, skill sets, cultures, and talents.
MBA Application Deadlines - Fall 2026
Admission decisions are made for applications submitted by 11:59 pm (CT) according to the deadlines for each round noted in the table below.
Application
Due by*
Notification by
Round 1
October 5, 2025
November 7, 2025
Round 2
November 1, 2025
December 12, 2025
Round 3
January 5, 2026
February 27, 2026
Round 4
March 1, 2026
April 17, 2026
Round 5
April 15, 2026
May 15, 2026
Rolling Admissions
After April 15, 2026
Before program start
Application process
Application fee:
We do not charge an application fee for the Full-Time MBA program. Rather, we wish to consider all candidates who have a serious interest in our program, regardless of the ability to pay a fee.
Application process:
Our application process requires submitting a complete online application. You must include these required items:
One-page resume
Academic transcripts (unofficial):
For admitted candidates who ultimately choose to enroll at Olin, we require the submission of official transcripts prior to the start of the program.
Required essay:
At WashU Olin, we recognize that our community is comprised of individuals who come to us from different pathways and perspectives. Similarly, each student’s journey during and after the program is unique. Please provide a personal statement that describes how your life experiences have shaped your decision to apply to graduate school and how you believe WashU Olin will help you achieve your long-term professional and personal goals. (500-word maximum)
Career Prompt:
Please describe what your ideal career will be immediately following graduation from business school. (100-word maximum)
English proficiency exam scores (international applicants only):
Most international applicants (non-US citizens or non-US Permanent Residents) must submit a TOEFL, IELTS, Gateway English, or Duolingo score report. In some instances, this requirement is waived (see description below).
Applicants may choose to submit the following at their discretion:
Optional essay:
Is there anything else you would like to share? If so, please provide additional information not previously addressed in the application that would help the admissions committee assess your candidacy. (250-word maximum)
Standardized test scores (GMAT or GRE):
Standardized tests are recommended but not required. Candidates should review our test policy description below to determine the best course of action for their particular set of circumstances.
Apply Now
Full-Time MBA FAQs
We’re here to help. Find quick answers in our FAQs or contact an admissions officer to discuss your specific questions.
Full-Time MBA FAQs
Full-Time MBA admission documents and policies
GMAT or GRE
Standardized tests (GMAT or GRE) are one part of the application process used to evaluate academic ability. Submission of test scores is not required but is recommended for most candidates. It is up to each applicant to decide how best to submit their strongest case for admission. For those who choose not to submit a test score, the Admissions Committee will carefully consider how past academic and professional experiences have prepared them for the academic rigor of the program. In particular, the committee will consider:
A strong undergraduate GPA from a US institution;
Demonstrated quantitative skills in prior academic and/or professional experience;
An advanced or terminal degree (e.g., JD, MD, PhD or quantitative MS degree);
A quantitatively oriented professional certificate (e.g., CPA, CFA);
An officer’s rank in the military; or
Performance on an expired GMAT or GRE
Test scores must be released when you submit your application. We can accept the online versions of the GMAT and GRE. See your program requirements for more information.
English proficiency exam scores (international applicants only)
WashU is responsible for confirming that visitors and students possess the necessary level of English language proficiency to succeed in their respective course of study and/or program. For more information on WashU's accepted English language proficiency tests and minimum score requirements, please
click here
.
Tests we accept:
TOEFL:
TOEFL iBT, TOEFL Home Edition
IELTS:
IELTS Academic, IELTS Indicator
Gateway English
Duolingo
Do I qualify for a waiver?
If you are a citizen of one of the following countries, you do not need to submit an English proficiency score:
Australia
Cameroon
Commonwealth Caribbean Nations
Ghana
India
Ireland
Kenya
Liberia
New Zealand
Nigeria
Singapore
Uganda
United Kingdom
Zambia
Zimbabwe
You may also qualify for a waiver of this requirement if you have taken a minimum of three consecutive years of coursework at a college or university located in one of the above countries, Canada, Hong Kong, South Africa or the United States, where the primary medium of instruction is English,
and
you received or will receive your degree from the same institution by program start.
Note:
The Admissions Committee reserves the right to ask for an English proficiency test score if deemed necessary. If you believe you are eligible for a waiver, do not submit your TOEFL or IELTS score.
Only scores from tests taken within
two years
of the program start will be accepted. Program start is typically in August. See below for the institution codes for Washington University in St. Louis.
GMAT: R4T-WG-61
GRE: 4961
TOEFL: 6929
IELTS: No institution code; search for Washington University in St. Louis
You must include the appropriate Washington University/Olin Business School institution code. It is not sufficient for the student to submit the unofficial or official test-taker copy.
Transcripts and academic records
Applicants must hold the equivalent of a US bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution at the time of enrollment to be eligible for the program. Most international three-year degrees meet this requirement.
You must show proof of your degree. Our Admissions Committee accepts unofficial copies of transcripts and test scores for the sole purpose of rendering an admissions decision.
For most US institutions (and many non-US institutions), an official transcript sent directly from the university or college will include the degree awarded and the date conferred. If you have not yet graduated, the official transcript from the degree-granting institution should be sent as it becomes available.
Transcripts must include
all
coursework taken and grades received for each course, plus any transcript instructions or descriptions provided by the institution. Transcripts for study abroad programs or transfer credits are not required if the course titles, grades and credit hours are included in the transcript of the degree-granting institution.
Credential evaluations of transcripts, such as WES or ECE, are not required.
For students who graduated from non-US institutions where the academic transcript does not show the degree awarded and date of degree conferral, you must bring your diploma, diploma book or another equivalent document with you to St. Louis. When you arrive—and before classes start—bring your transcript to Olin’s Graduate Programs Office for visual verification. These documents will be returned to you. ​
International students must submit both an original-language document and an English translation.
Upon acceptance, you must submit
official transcripts and valid, official test scores (if included in your application) no later than two weeks before the start of orientation programming
. Official transcripts may be submitted as follows:
Electronic:
An Official Electronic Transcript from your university emailed via eSCRIP-SAFE® or any other authorized provider, emailed to
OlinGradAdmissions@wustl.edu
Mailed by your university in a sealed, official university envelope
to:
Washington University in St. Louis
Olin Business School
Graduate Program Admissions Office
Knight Hall 310, CB 1156
One Brookings Drive
St. Louis, MO 63130-4899
Phone: 888-622-5115
In person:
An official transcript from your university in a sealed, official envelope brought to:
Olin Business School
Graduate Programs
Admissions Office
Knight Hall, Room 310
Monday–Friday
8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
If you have not yet graduated, the official transcript from the degree-granting institution should be sent as it becomes available.
If your transcript does not show the degree awarded and date of conferral, you need to bring your diploma or equivalent document to St. Louis and present it to the Graduate Programs Office for verification before the start of classes.
International students must submit both an original-language document and an English translation.
Course transfers and waivers
Olin Business School will accept up to 9 credits of graduate-level coursework taken at other AACSB-accredited institutions if the grades earned are “B” or above, the Academic Review Committee judges the courses to be equivalent to Olin classes in quality and content, and the credits have not been used toward the completion of another degree. Please submit the course syllabus and transcript to your academic advisor for any classes you would like to be considered for transfer credit. The review process takes at least two weeks to complete. Please note, no transfer credit will be awarded until after the student has completed one semester here at Olin and is in satisfactory academic standing.
Details vary by program; ask your academic advisor for more information.
Start Application
Contact Us
Graduate Admissions
Olin Business School - Knight Hall
One Brookings Drive
St. Louis, MO 63130-4899
Office Hours:
Monday–Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.