URL: https://olin.washu.edu/programs/bs-business-administration/combine-business-programs.php
TITLE: BS in Business Administration | Combine Business with Another Discipline | WashU Olin Business School

Design Your Degree to Fit You
Study Business and Something Else Too
You can combine your business degree with minors, majors or second degrees from:
Arts & Sciences
Design & Visual Arts
Engineering & Applied Science
For example, you can study
financial engineering as a second major
or minor in chemistry with Arts & Sciences. See the
Undergraduate Admissions website
for more information about programs and degrees.
BS in Business and Computer Science
Prepare for leadership positions in the tech-driven jobs of tomorrow with a degree that combines courses from the schools of engineering and business.
BS in Business and Computer Science
BSBA + a Graduate Business Degree
Study for a graduate business degree while working on your BSBA degree. You can apply for admission to the graduate programs listed below during your junior year.
Master of Accounting
Master of Accounting
: Prepare for a career in public or corporate accounting, consulting or financial services. This program also qualifies you to take the CPA exam in states with the “150-hour rule.”
Master of Science in Business Analytics
Master of Science in Business Analytics
: Become an analytics-driven business manager who is well versed to guide firms in the emerging era of data-driven decision-making.
Master of Science in Finance
Master of Science in Finance: Pursue a finance career path with one of three concentrations—
corporate finance
,
quantitative finance
, or
wealth and asset management
.
Master of Science in Supply Chain Management
Master of Science in Supply Chain Management
: Learn innovative models and methods for getting goods or services from suppliers to customers efficiently and cost-effectively.
MBA
Master of Business Administration
: Earn your BSBA and your MBA in just five years in Olin’s selective, early admission 3+2 program.
Coming from Another WashU School?
Check out your options.
Second Majors in Business
Second majors in business for nonbusiness students include:
Accounting
Economics and Strategy
Entrepreneurship
Finance
Healthcare Management
Leadership and Strategic Management
Marketing
Operations and Supply Chain Management
Minors in Business
Nonbusiness students can minor in the following business areas:
Accounting
Business Analytics
Business of the Arts
Business of Entertainment
Business of Social Impact
Business of Sports
Entrepreneurship
Finance
General Business
Healthcare Management
International Business
Leadership
Managerial Economics
Marketing
Operations and Supply Chain Management
Organization and Strategic Management
Strategy
Quick Links
Contact Us
Undergraduate Programs
Simon Hall, Suite 118
Office Hours:
Monday–Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.
(Olin)
(WashU Admissions)
(US toll-free)
(Fax)