URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/mental-health-wellness
TITLE: Mental Health & Wellness | Wisconsin School of Business

Mental Health & Wellness
Your Well-Being is Important
Your mental health and well-being is a priority. We offer a Wisconsin School of Business counselor, who specializes in working with business students, and additional resources support your physical, mental and emotional health.
Mental Health Crisis Support
University Health Services offers 24/7 crisis services. Call
608-265-5600
and select option 9.
You can also reach out to the Suicide and Crisis Lifeline by calling or texting 988 or chat at
988Lifeline.org
.
WSB Mental Health Resources
Make a Counseling Appointment
The University of Wisconsin–Madison and WSB mental health counseling services are free.
Undergraduate WSB students can schedule an appointment with WSB’s mental health provider, Dr. Julie Phillips:
Visit your MyUHS portal
Call
608-265-5600
and select option 2
All appointments include a safe and confidential environment to help you overcome any hurdles interfering with your well-being and academics. As an undergraduate business student, you bypass the initial Access appointment and can directly schedule services with WSB’s embedded counselor.
WSB Let’s Talk
Participate in these free, 20-minute, confidential drop-in consultations.
No topic is off-limits. Common concerns include stress, sadness, worry, relationships, academics, family, and financial struggles. Walk away with tools, support, and additional resources to help you overcome your obstacles.
Virtual consultation
First come, first served with no registration needed
1–3 p.m. Wednesdays on
Zoom
This is not a substitute for ongoing counseling and is not mental health treatment.
Learn more about Let's Talk
Get to Know Dr. Julie Phillips
A Counselor Focused on You
Dr. Julie  Phillips
Dr. Julie is the embedded mental health provider at WSB. You can connect with her through appointments and on a
drop-in basis through Let’s Talk
.
A licensed marriage and family therapist with nearly 30 years of experience, she was hired at WSB in November 2022. Dr. Julie believes she’s impacting the future by working with students like you. She helps by giving you the tools you need to achieve success while maintaining a healthy mindset.
Dr. Julie completed her Master of Education degree in bilingual counseling from the University of Iowa, earned an MBA from Nova Southeastern University in Florida, and received her doctorate in education from Edgewood College.
University Health Services Resources
Mental health providers are also available through University Health Services.
Group Counseling
Group counseling addresses a range of topics in a group setting, including focusing your attention, making the most of your time, and decreasing test anxiety.
Topic- or skill-based sessions cover managing anxiety and depression, meditation, and more.
Register for a session
Mental Health Services
University Health Services’ no-cost mental health services include:
counseling for individuals
couples/partners, and groups
outreach programming
stress management
Connect with University Health Services
HUMAN Capital
A Wisconsin School of Business student organization focused on mental health and navigating school and career.
“Mental health and wellness is a fundamental pillar to success just as much as any technical skill set, just as much as any amount of work you put in.”
Sam Komisar (BBA ’23)
Founder, HUMAN Capital
Learn more about HUMAN Capital