URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/majors/human-resource-management
TITLE: Human Resource Management Major | Wisconsin School of Business

Human Resource Management Major
What will I learn as a human resource management major?
Core principles
Learn to
build inclusive cultures
, align HR practices with organizational goals,
attract and retain talent
, and
lead hiring
, training, and evaluations.
In-demand skills
Build critical thinking and communication skills to
create policies
,
analyze compensation
, improve rewards, and explain complex topics.
Advanced concepts
Be ready to manage policy creation and execution,
oversee staff development
, negotiate contracts, and
drive diversity and inclusion initiatives
.
View HR major requirements
13
for human resource management
—EduRank, 2025
What’s the HR major experience?
Top left:
Members of UW–Madison Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM) at a student organization fair.
Top right:
UW–Madison SHRM members paint pumpkins at a club meeting.
Bottom:
Business Badgers Jamin Morris (BBA ’26), Madison Weyenberg (BBA ’28), Emily Hartjes (BBA ’27), and Miranda Malvitz (BBA ’27) won first place at the Purdue HR Case Competition.
Photo credits: UW–Madison SHRM and Wisconsin School of Business
Top left:
Members of UW–Madison Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM) at a student organization fair.
Bottom left:
UW–Madison SHRM members paint pumpkins at a club meeting.
Right:
Business Badgers Jamin Morris (BBA ’26), Madison Weyenberg (BBA ’28), Emily Hartjes (BBA ’27), and Miranda Malvitz (BBA ’27) won first place at the Purdue HR Case Competition.
Photo credits: UW–Madison SHRM and Wisconsin School of Business
There’s nothing like the Business Badger experience. See more on the
undergraduate Instagram page
.
Average Starting Salary for HR Majors
65,011
—Class of 2025
Employment Rate
92
of HR majors secure a full-time position within six months of graduation
—Class of 2025
Companies That Hire Wisconsin HR Majors
What are popular HR jobs?
Benefits coordinator
Compensation specialist
Human capital consultant
Human resource analyst
Human resource business partner
Learning and development coordinator
Talent acquisition specialist
Common HR Career Paths
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Human resource generalist
Human resource generalists handle many day-to-day tasks. They help carry out company policies, procedures, and programs. Their work often includes hiring, onboarding, performance management, training, benefits, analytics, and supporting organizational development. Common job titles include assistant, coordinator, manager, operations specialist, advisor, business partner, and employee relations consultant.
Human resource specialist
Human resource specialists use advanced technical skills and focused knowledge to benefit their organization. Their specialties vary by industry, location, and organization size. Common areas of specialization include talent management, talent acquisition, total rewards, HR analytics and information systems, and employee or labor relations.
Talent management specialists
: These HR specialists help organizations keep and develop their employees. They work with leaders to find training needs and create solutions to build skills. Their work includes designing and running programs for performance, skills, leadership, assessment, and succession planning. Common talent management job titles include trainer, training specialist, learning and development specialist, performance management specialist, instructional designer, or facilitator.
Talent acquisition specialists
: These HR specialists find, evaluate, and hire job candidates. They assess workforce needs and use strategies to recruit, select, and onboard new employees. Common talent acquisition job titles include recruiter; staffing coordinator or specialist; recruitment assistant, coordinator, or specialist; talent acquisition consultant or specialist; corporate recruiter; or onboarding specialist.
Total rewards specialists
: These HR specialists develop, implement, and manage compensation and benefits programs, policies, and procedures. Their compensation work includes job evaluation, survey participation, and designing base salary and incentive plans. Their benefits work includes wellness programs, retirement benefits, and life, health, and disability insurance. Common total rewards job titles include coordinator, specialist, compensation specialist, benefits analyst, and payroll and benefits coordinator.
Analytics and information systems specialists
: These HR specialists set up and manage HR information systems. They work with experts to ensure data integrity and support testing, reporting, analysis, and process improvement. Common analytics and information systems specialist job titles include payroll coordinator or specialist, HR analyst (or HR data analyst), applicant tracking system (ATS) coordinator, affirmative action planner, or human capital management (HCM) analyst.
Certificates Commonly Paired With an HR Major
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Consulting
For jobs such as HR consultant, organizational development consultant, talent management consultant, compensation and benefits consultant, and employee engagement consultant.
View the consulting certificate
Data Science
For jobs such as HR specialist, HR analyst, HR consultant, HR analytics manager, people data scientist, and talent analytics specialist.
View the data science certificate
Disability Rights and Services
For jobs such as HR generalist and HR specialist.
View the disability rights and services certificate
Health Policy
For jobs such as hospital administration or health care human resources.
View the health policy certificate
LGBTQ+ Studies
For jobs such as diversity and inclusion officer, HR specialist, and employee benefits specialist.
View the LGBTQ+ studies certificate
Political Science
For jobs such as labor relations specialist, government HR manager, and employee benefits specialist.
View the political science certificate
Social Justice and Education
For jobs such as diversity and inclusion specialist, HR educator, HR trainer, employee relations manager, and community outreach coordinator.
View the social justice and education certificate
View all certificates
Applied Learning Opportunities
Job shadows
Experience a company’s day-to-day operations, tour facilities, network, and more through half- or full-day site visits. Among past employer participants are Fiskars and Plexus Corp. Employers host between five and 20 undergraduate business students at a time.
Case competitions
Put your business skills to the test in national case competitions where you solve real-world challenges or case studies. Showcase your analytical, problem-solving, and presentation skills. Competitions have included the Purdue HR Case Competition.
On-campus events
Attend employer coffee chats, industry panels, career fairs, and workshops to grow your network and sharpen your skills. Students participate in annual events, including HR Student Night Out, the
Strategic Human Resource Management Center
‘s annual SHR Symposium Conference, and the Wisconsin SHRM Student Summit Conference. These events provide direct access to recruiters, HR professionals, and alumni.
previous slide
next slide
HR Student Organization
UW–Madison Society for Human Resource Management
Popular Master’s Programs for HR Majors
MA in Arts and Creative Enterprise Leadership
Be the strategic leader community organizations need. Learn to be an innovative arts administrator, nonprofit executive, or social entrepreneur in this one-year program.
MS in Business Analytics
Excel in a data-driven business world. Harness the power of data to address complex questions and contribute strategic insights in any industry in this one-year program.
MS in Finance, Investment, and Banking
Have a high-impact career in the investment industry. Prepare for a career in valuation, securities, and investment portfolio management in this one-year program.
If you have a bachelor’s degree from UW–Madison with a 3.4 GPA or higher, you are eligible for auto admission to these master’s programs:
MS in Business Analytics
,
MS in Real Estate
, and
MS in Supply Chain Management
.
View all business master's programs
Who can help me with my HR major?
Career coach
Use
Starfish
to make an appointment with your career coach.
Alex Lawver
Assistant Director of Career Engagement
alex.lawver@wisc.edu
Pathway consultant
Tanya Hubanks
Director
Strategic Human Resource Management Center
tanya.hubanks@wisc.edu