URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/majors/operations-technology-management
TITLE: Operations and Technology Management Major | Wisconsin School of Business

Operations and Technology Management Major
What will I learn as an operations and technology management major?
Core principles
Learn to
analyze business processes
and
use data to improve performance
. Build knowledge in supply chain management, analytics, operations, and modeling.
In-demand skills
Build skills in
data analysis, project management
, critical thinking, and problem solving to strengthen operations in manufacturing and across industries.
Advanced concepts
Identify operational challenges
, understand their causes, and
create solutions
that optimize quality, efficiency, and processes in any organization.
View operations and technology management major requirements
17
best undergraduate operations management program
—
U.S. News & World Report
, 2026
What’s the OTM major experience?
Chicago Career Trek
0:19
Women in Business Technology members
Kimberly-Clark Internship
2:59
Malina Douangmala (BBA ’25)
Wipfli Internship
1:40
Tessa Bianchi (BBA ‘26)
previous slide
next slide
There’s nothing like the Business Badger experience. See more on the
undergraduate Instagram page
.
Average Starting Salary for OTM Majors
72,399
—Class of 2025
Employment Rate
98
of OTM majors secure a full-time position within six months of graduation
—Class of 2025
Companies That Hire Wisconsin OTM Majors
What are popular OTM jobs?
Business analyst
Business process management specialist
Consultant
Material planning analyst
Operations manager
Project manager
Common OTM Career Paths
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Process analysis and improvement
Process or improvement analysts:
These analysts can serve many roles in an organization. They help model workflows to improve processes. They also document processes and create workflows, knowledge articles, and self-service guides. Process or improvement analysts review company information and trends to make sure the company is meeting its goals and the services are meeting expectations. They identify issues, risks, and inconsistencies, bring them to management’s attention, and find solutions. These analysts run reports and provide a high-level analysis. They also understand an organization’s policies and procedures and how these affect workflows.
Project management
Project managers:
Project managers work with clients throughout an entire project, from planning through implementation and delivery. They define the scope of client engagements, allocate resources, and choose the best approaches to completing tasks. Project managers collaborate closely with clients, developers, and other departments and must be able to meet deadlines. They may design performance and expense comparisons. Above all, project managers are responsible for ensuring the accuracy and quality of client deliverables.
Planning and analytics
Planning and analytics is a forward-looking process that coordinates assets to optimize the delivery of goods, services, and information from suppliers to customers while balancing supply and demand. Planning occurs throughout the supply chain. Roles include supply chain planner, demand planner, and inventory planner.
Management consulting – specialist
Consultants:
Consultants advise people working in professional or technical fields. They examine organizations, identify areas for improvement, and propose ways to create change. Both large and boutique consulting firms hire specialists who focus on specific practice areas or industries. These niche areas require a higher level of expertise, and people in these roles are often referred to as subject matter experts. Consultants in this pathway follow a more focused and specialized track while still serving a variety of clients.
Operations and process consultants:
These consultants support clients and help improve efficiencies across the entire value chain. Their work may include reducing costs, improving operations, optimizing technology or processes, and more.
Supply chain management consultants:
These consultants focus on improving how products, goods, or services move from suppliers to customers. Supply chain management consultants usually work on improving a specific part of the value chain, such as the logistics of inbound freight or an inventory reduction.
Certificates Commonly Paired With an OTM Major
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Consulting
For jobs such as business operations consultant, enterprise systems consultant, IT strategy consultant, supply chain technology consultant, and technology operations consultant.
View the consulting certificate
Data Science
For jobs such as business intelligence engineer, data-driven operations manager, operations data scientist, operations research scientist, supply chain data scientist, and technology operations analyst.
View the data science certificate
Manufacturing Engineering
For jobs such as industrial engineer, manufacturing operations manager, process improvement specialist, and supply chain manager.
View the manufacturing engineering certificate
View all certificates
Applied Learning Opportunities
Job shadows
Experience a company’s day-to-day operations, tour facilities, network, and more through half- or full-day site visits. Past employer participants include Medline and Uline. Employers host between five and 20 undergraduate business students at a time.
On-campus events
Attend employer coffee chats, industry panels, and workshops to grow your network and sharpen your skills. Previous events include an annual student panel discussing OTM careers and an alumni event called OTM Careers: Experiences at Apple, Amazon, and Tesla. Direct access to recruiters and alumni helps you learn about industries and opens doors to internships and full-time positions.
previous slide
next slide
OTM Student Organizations
Badger Consulting
Wisconsin Consulting Club
Women in Business Technology
Popular Master’s Programs for OTM Majors
MS in Business Analytics
Excel in a data-driven business world. Harness the power of data to address complex questions and contribute strategic insights in any industry in this one-year program.
MS in Supply Chain Management
Have a dynamic, exciting career in supply chain. Learn to lead the high-powered systems that make businesses thrive in this one-year program.
If you have a bachelor’s degree from UW–Madison with a 3.4 GPA or higher, you are eligible for auto admission to these master’s programs:
MS in Business Analytics
,
MS in Real Estate
, and
MS in Supply Chain Management
.
View all business master's programs
Who can help me with my OTM major?
Career coach
Use
Starfish
to make an appointment with your career coach.
Princess Vaulx
Career Development Coordinator
princess.vaulx@wisc.edu
Pathway consultant
Tim McClurg
Deputy Department Chair
timothy.mcclurg@wisc.edu