URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/admissions/transfer-students
TITLE: Transfer Student Admissions | Wisconsin School of Business

Transfer Student Admissions
Transferring from a Universities of Wisconsin, Wisconsin Technical College, or Wisconsin Tribal College institution for the Fall Term?
You may apply for direct transfer to the Wisconsin School of Business undergraduate program if planning to enroll at UW–Madison for the Fall term. Eligible applicants must follow the application requirements and deadlines for both the School of Business and Office of Undergraduate Admissions.
Complete the transfer application to UW–Madison
Do this for the fall term only. Applying to UW–Madison does not automatically create an application for business.
Apply to UW–Madison
Separately, complete the pre-business application for the School of Business
Complete your app in early March preceding the intended fall enrollment term.
Complete pre-business app
Make sure you qualify
Applicants are strongly recommended to review all undergraduate admissions policies for requirements, credit eligibility limits, and maximum application attempts.
Review policies
The four prerequisite courses
in communications, quantitative reasoning, economics, and human behavior must be completed or in the process of completion at the time of application for the Wisconsin undergraduate business program. Any of these in-progress courses must be completed by the end of the application term and cannot be deferred to a later term.
Enrolled at a Private College or a School Outside of Wisconsin? Applying Outside of Fall Term?
You must first enroll at UW–Madison and complete a minimum of 12 in-residence credits before applying to the School of Business via the pre-business application (these credits can be in-progress during the spring term).
Prerequisites
Admitted transfer students can complete the four prerequisite courses in communications, quantitative reasoning, economics, and human behavior prior to transferring. Any unfulfilled courses must be completed at UW–Madison once enrolled.
Make sure you qualify
Applicants are strongly recommended to review the School of Business undergraduate
admissions policies
for requirements, credit eligibility limits, and maximum application attempts.
Ready to Apply to the School of Business?
Transferring to the Wisconsin School of Business undergraduate program consists of four parts:
Online pre-business application: The application will be available in early March 2027 for Fall 2027 enrollment consideration in Business.
Academic record: The minimum GPA to apply is 3.0 at the time of application and conclusion of the spring term. For additional details on GPA calculation and prerequisites, visit the
undergraduate admissions policies
page.
Résumé: Check out our
résumé resource guide
(PDF) for help.
Essay: View our
essay preparation tips
(PDF).
Pre-Business 101: Attend the Pre-Business 101 workshop in the intended application year.
Apply now
Attend an Event
Transfer events help you explore your interest in business and guide you through the application process.
Explore transfer events
Meet With an Advisor
The Wisconsin School of Business undergraduate program offers one-on-one advising for prospective transfer students. We’re available to help you prepare for admission and determine if the Wisconsin School of Business is the best fit for you.
Prospective transfer students can schedule an appointment with an advisor by emailing
prebusadvising@wsb.wisc.edu
.
Transfer students that have already enrolled with UW–Madison can schedule a 30 minute appointment with a pre-business advisor through
Starfish
.
Scholarships and Financial Aid
The Wisconsin School of Business provides almost $2 million in scholarship support to admitted and newly enrolled undergraduate students each year. To be considered for scholarships from the School of Business, a WiSH application is required and FAFSA strongly recommended to be considered for most awards.
Explore scholarships and financial aid options
Contact Us
Want to learn more about the undergraduate admissions process? Let us know how we can help.
Phone:
+1 608-890-2490
Email:
admissions@wsb.wisc.edu