URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/majors/accounting
TITLE: Accounting Major | Wisconsin School of Business

Accounting Major
What will I learn as an accounting major?
Core principles
Learn accounting functions:
financial, cost, and managerial accounting
; accounting systems; taxation; and
auditing and advisory services
.
In-demand skills
Analyze data,
prepare financial reports
, and
leverage technology
. Strengthen your critical thinking and communication skills to drive results.
Advanced concepts
Explore how new technology is reshaping business. Develop strong business ethics. Be ready to
evaluate the impact of transactions and taxes
.
View accounting major requirements
14
best undergraduate accounting program
—
U.S. News & World Report
, 2026
What’s the accounting major experience?
Top left:
Beta Alpha Psi members visit PwC during a career trek to Chicago, Illinois.
Top right:
Women in Finance and Accounting (WIFA) members visit Ernst & Young, JPMorgan Chase, and Walgreens during a career trek to Chicago.
Bottom:
Students learned from industry professionals during the Women in the Workplace event hosted by WIFA on campus.
Photo credits: WIFA and Beta Alpha Psi
Top left:
Beta Alpha Psi members visit PwC during a career trek to Chicago, Illinois.
Bottom left:
Women in Finance and Accounting (WIFA) members visit Ernst & Young, JPMorgan Chase, and Walgreens during a career trek to Chicago.
Right:
Students learned from industry professionals during the Women in the Workplace event hosted by WIFA on campus.
Photo credits: WIFA and Beta Alpha Psi
There’s nothing like the Business Badger experience. See more on the
undergraduate Instagram page
.
Average Starting Salary for Accounting Majors
77,509
—Class of 2025
Employment Rate
98
of accounting majors secure a full-time position within six months of graduation
—Class of 2025
Companies That Hire Wisconsin Accounting Majors
What are popular accounting jobs?
Audit associate
Deal advisory associate
Financial analyst
Staff accountant
Tax associate
Common Accounting Career Paths
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Corporate accounting
Corporate accountants
: These accountants manage an organization’s financials and provide expertise in financial reporting and control to implement business strategies. Corporate accountants are involved with internal and external financial reporting, investor relations, internal audits, and environmental, social, and governance (ESG) initiatives.
Corporate accounting is a broad term that includes many roles and job titles. Other common corporate accounting positions are:
Financial planning and analysis professionals
: Also called FP&A, these accountants work for a company or organization and use data to budget, forecast, analyze costs, and make strategic financial decisions.
Management accountants
: These accountants maximize stakeholder value by making sound business decisions that align with the company’s strategic goals and objectives.
Forensic accountants
: These accountants investigate financial crimes, such as fraud and embezzlement. They work internally with management and externally with law enforcement.
Entrepreneurs
: Accountants in entrepreneurship roles are involved in all facets of a growing organization’s operations—from securing initial funding to launching the business.
Nonprofit accountants
: These accountants work for a nonprofit and manage its finances. That includes preparing budgets and ensuring compliance with grant requirements.
Public accounting
Public accountants
: These state-board-licensed accountants provide compliance and consulting services for clients across industries. Public accountants inspect control processes and determine accuracy of financial information and compliance with laws, regulations, generally accepted accounting principles, and the internal revenue code. As subject matter specialists, public accountants make recommendations regarding complex business decisions and strategic initiatives.
Common public accounting positions are:
Auditors
: These accountants protect the integrity and efficiency of capital markets. They conduct independent reviews of financial information and evaluate if a company’s financial statements are fairly presented, ensuring investors and creditors have accurate and complete financial information to make business decisions.
Advisors
: Advisors help clients achieve specific business goals including cyber risk, strategic alliances, deal advisory, operations, internal controls, human capital, corporate restructuring, and more.
Tax accountants
: These accountants provide compliance and consulting services to clients in wealth management, financial planning, tax reporting and strategy, transfer pricing, mergers and acquisitions, global structuring, and more.
Certificates Commonly Paired With an Accounting Major
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Consulting
For jobs such as financial consultant, tax consultant, internal consultant, internal auditor, risk consultant, and mergers and acquisitions consultant.
View the consulting certificate
Mathematics
For jobs such as financial analyst, tax advisor, and internal auditor.
View the mathematics certificate
View all certificates
Applied Learning Opportunities
Job shadows
Experience a company’s day-to-day operations, tour facilities, network, and more through half- or full-day site visits. Past employer participants include Deloitte, Ernst & Young, KPMG, PwC, and SVA Certified Public Accountants. Employers host between five and 20 undergraduate business students at a time.
Case competitions
Put your business skills to the test in national case competitions where you solve real-world challenges or case studies. Showcase your analytical, problem-solving, and presentation skills. Competitions include a tax case competition sponsored by Deloitte and our very own annual Wisconsin Invitational Consulting Case Competition.
On-campus events
Attend employer coffee chats, industry panels, career fairs, and workshops to grow your network and sharpen your skills. Direct access to recruiters and alumni helps you learn about industries and opens doors to internships and full-time positions.
previous slide
next slide
Accounting Student Organizations
Beta Alpha Psi
Institute of Management Accountants
Women in Finance and Accounting
Popular Master’s Program for Accounting Majors
MS in Accounting and Business Analysis
Take your accounting degree up a notch and advance faster in your career. Gain the technical know-how, data skills, and real-world experience in this one-year program.
View all business master's programs
Who can help me with my accounting major?
Career coach
Use
Starfish
to make an appointment with your career coach.
Alex Lawver
Assistant Director of Career Engagement
alex.lawver@wisc.edu
Pathway consultants
Katharine Widlak
Director of Professional Programs
katharine.widlak@wisc.edu
Kristen Fuhremann
Deputy Department Chair
kristen.fuhremann@wisc.edu