URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/majors/entrepreneurship
TITLE: Entrepreneurship Major | Wisconsin School of Business

Entrepreneurship Major
What will I learn as an entrepreneurship major?
Core principles
Learn to
turn ideas into viable businesses
by identifying customer needs, conducting market research, testing value propositions, and securing funding.
In-demand skills
Develop the skills to
spot opportunities
,
build teams
,
shape and test ideas
, and find the resources needed to launch and scale a new venture.
Advanced concepts
Prepare to
lead with an entrepreneurial mindset
and
manage new ventures
and products in growing companies. Value diverse perspectives and collaboration.
View entrepreneurship major requirements
6
in public universities in North America for undergraduate entrepreneurship
—Pitchbook, 2025
What’s the entrepreneurship major experience?
Top left:
Two members of the Women in Entrepreneurship student organization present on the number of women who receive startup funding and are CEOs and founders.
Top right:
Transcend UW connects students with campus resources to become an entrepreneur. The student organization fosters the entrepreneurial mindset through founder panels, pitch workshops, networking opportunities, and more.
Bottom:
Three undergraduate business students meet to discuss their work ahead of the Wisconsin School of Business’ Idea to Aisle Pitch Competition.
Photo credits: Women in Entrepreneurship, Transcend UW, Paul L. Newby II/WSB
Top left:
Two members of the Women in Entrepreneurship student organization present on the number of women who receive startup funding and are CEOs and founders.
Bottom left:
Transcend UW connects students with campus resources to become an entrepreneur. The student organization fosters the entrepreneurial mindset through founder panels, pitch workshops, networking opportunities, and more.
Right:
Three undergraduate business students meet to discuss their work ahead of the Wisconsin School of Business’ Idea to Aisle Pitch Competition.
Photo credits: Women in Entrepreneurship, Transcend UW, Paul L. Newby II/WSB
There’s nothing like the Business Badger experience. See more on the
undergraduate Instagram page
.
Average Starting Salary for Entrepreneurship Majors
66,936
Starting salaries for startup founders vary. They are largely determined by the economics of the business at the time of graduation.
Employment Rate
94
of undergraduate students secure a full-time position within six months of graduation
—Class of 2025
Companies That Hire Wisconsin Entrepreneurship Majors
What are popular entrepreneurship jobs?
Financial analyst
Founder
Management consultant
Marketer
Product manager
Common Entrepreneurship Career Paths
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Starting something new
Entrepreneurs who start something new have an idea for a product, service, or nonprofit that solves a problem. They usually build a high-growth organization from the ground up based on an innovative idea. This requires a holistic understanding of business and an innovative mindset.
Starting a business
: An individual has an idea for a product or service that solves a problem. Their long-term vision is to build a high-growth business and capture market share with a new, innovative idea. Many entrepreneurs start their own business after gaining experience at another firm.
Social entrepreneurship
: Transforming the world by solving large-scale problems by creating a product, service, or nonprofit that improves lives and addresses social issues.
Innovate and improve
This entrepreneurial path focuses on innovating and improving within an existing organization or working as an advisor or investor. It requires an innovative mindset and understanding of business, but not starting something from scratch.
Corporate entrepreneurship (new product development/innovation)
: An employee acts like an entrepreneur within an organization by thinking creatively and turning ideas and plans into action. This allows them to innovate and create new ventures or products within the organization.
Consulting/venture capital
: Working directly with entrepreneurs to identify market needs, expand revenue, improve the product or service, and identify acquisition opportunities.
Small business leadership
: A small business is typically a sole proprietorship or partnership that operates locally. It offers the benefit of being your own boss. Some family-owned businesses and franchise owners fall into this category.
Certificates Commonly Paired With an Entrepreneurship Major
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Accounting
For jobs such as operations and finance coordinator, founder, co-founder, business development coordinator, business consultant, and business analyst.
View the accounting certificate
Business Spanish
For jobs such as international business entrepreneur, export manager, and global supply chain manager.
View the business Spanish certificate
Data Science
For jobs such as tech startup founder, business intelligence consultant, and data product manager.
View the data science certificate
Development Economics
For jobs such as social entrepreneur, economic development consultant, and impact investment manager.
View the development economics certificate
Food Systems
For jobs such as hospitality and food service management, nonprofit and social impact careers, and food industry policy and advocacy careers.
View the food systems certificate
Organic Agriculture
For jobs such as organic business owner, sustainability consultant, and ag-tech innovator.
View the organic agriculture certificate
Sustainability
For jobs such as green consultant, eco-innovation specialist, and corporate sustainability manager.
View the sustainability certificate
View all certificates
Making an Impact Beyond Business
Our students and alumni are innovators. They start their own ventures and brands. They push boundaries. They pursue that idea that just won’t quit.
Creating Community
CJ Wilkerson (BBA ’25)
Founder and CEO, Croesus
Washington, D.C.
To CJ, business is about people. He runs two businesses from UW–Madison–a barbershop and an apparel line, Croesus. Each provides a sense of community: the barbershop, a safe place for clients to talk; Croesus, a brand that symbolizes shared values.
Changing the Game
Noe Vital (BBA ’15)
CEO and Co-Founder, Vibez Golf Club
San Diego
Noe is making golf more accessible. He co-founded Vibez Golf Club, a startup that’s removing barriers to the sport. He’s driven to diversify and generate new interest in golf, particularly among communities that are not exposed to it.
Uplifting Her Community
Jayla Thompson (BBA ’23)
Founder, Shape with Jay
Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Jayla wants students to know they can have a healthy lifestyle. As a student, she founded the wellness brand Shape with Jay. Through training, meal planning, and social media, she encourages students—especially Black women—to establish healthy habits.
Starting Companies to Give Back
Jake Wood (BBA ’05)
Founder, Team Rubicon; Founder, Groundswell
Los Angeles
Jake Wood is reinventing philanthropy. He founded Team Rubicon, a veteran-led humanitarian organization that helps communities hit by disaster. Then founded Groundswell, a platform for individuals and companies to oversee volunteering and charitable giving.
Empowering Others Through Wellness
Reena Vokoun (BBA ’98)
Founder and CEO, Passion Fit
San Diego
Reena founded Passion Fit by combining her lifelong passion for health and fitness with her years of professional business experience. She brings fitness, health, and wellness tools to companies, individuals, schools, and nonprofits.
previous slide
next slide
Applied Learning Opportunities
Case competitions
Put your business skills to the test in national case competitions where you solve real-world challenges or case studies. Showcase your analytical, problem-solving, and presentation skills. Competitions include our very own annual Idea to Aisle Pitch Competition hosted by the Weinert Center for Entrepreneurship in partnership with Happi Co., founded by WSB alumni.
On-campus events
Build your entrepreneurial mindset through the
Weinert Center for Entrepreneurship
‘s workshops, events, and partnerships. The Wisconsin School of Business center helps all students across campus build entrepreneurial skills to excel in any business environment. Also attend employer coffee chats, industry panels, and career fairs to grow your network and sharpen your skills.
Building community
Be part of StartUp, an entrepreneurship-focused residential community located in Sellery Hall. Each year, 65 students from a variety of majors live and learn together. Students work to bring their business ideas to life, network with peers, and compete for funding.
previous slide
next slide
Entrepreneurship Student Organizations
Collegiate DECA
Transcend UW
Wisconsin Consulting Club
Popular Master’s Programs for Entrepreneurship Majors
MA in Arts and Creative Enterprise Leadership
Be the strategic leader community organizations need. Learn to be an innovative arts administrator, nonprofit executive, or social entrepreneur in this one-year program.
MS in Accounting and Business Analysis
Take your accounting skills up a notch and advance in your career. Gain the technical know-how, data skills, and real-world experience in this one-year program.
MS in Business Analytics
Excel in a data-driven business world. Harness the power of data to address complex questions and contribute strategic insights in any industry in this one-year program.
MS in Financial Management and Accounting
Be the go-to financial expert. Have an influential career in financial analysis, advising, or management by gaining the technical expertise and skills in this one-year program.
If you have a bachelor’s degree from UW–Madison with a 3.4 GPA or higher, you are eligible for auto admission to these master’s programs:
MS in Business Analytics
,
MS in Real Estate
, and
MS in Supply Chain Management
.
View all business master's programs
Who can help me with my entrepreneurship major?
Career coach
Use
Starfish
to make an appointment with your career coach.
Shawn Johnson
Career Coach
shawn.m.johnson@wisc.edu
Pathway consultants
Lisa Collins
Associate Director
Weinert Center for Entrepreneurship
lisa.collins@wisc.edu
Maia Donohue
Director of Student Engagement
Weinert Center for Entrepreneurship
jpdonohue@wisc.edu