URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/admissions/class-profile
TITLE: Undergraduate Class Profile | Wisconsin School of Business

Class Profile
The Wisconsin Undergraduate Business Community
Involved and engaged students
As an undergraduate student in the Wisconsin School of Business, you’ll find yourself in exciting company. Our students work hard, engage fully in campus life, and strive to excel in everything they do.
Inclusive community
Join a collaborative environment where people respect each other’s views and support each other’s success. The
diversity of our student body
contributes to an enriching educational experience for all.
Visit to see for yourself
The best way to get to know our students is to experience their enthusiasm firsthand. You can connect with Wisconsin undergraduate business students by
visiting campus or attending an admissions event
.
Program Numbers for Fall 2025 Entering Class
A total of 1,021 new undergraduate students.
654
Direct Admits
367
Pre-business upperclassmen
42
Female
98
Retention rate
—(2024 First-year students who returned to WSB for their second year in 2025)
12
First-generation students
5
International students
22
Students of color*
11
Underrepresented students of color**
*Students of color is defined as an individual who identifies as one or more of the following racial and ethnic groups: American Indian or Alaskan Native, Asian or Pacific Islander, African-American/Black, Hispanic/Chicano/Latino(a).
**Underrepresented students of color is defined as an individual who identifies as one or more of the following racial and ethnic groups: American Indian or Alaskan Native, African-American/Black, Hispanic/Chicano/Latino(a), and Hmong/Vietnamese/Cambodian/Laotian.
Alumni Spotlight
“You don’t need to have your future figured out the moment you walk through the doors of Grainger Hall. Take the time to explore classes that interest you, join a club or two outside of your major, and enjoy all that UW and Madison have to offer.”
Rae Johannessen (BBA ’21)
Compensation analyst, Palo Alto Networks
Majors: Management and Human Resources, International Business
What I will miss most about WSB:
“Catching up with inspiring people at Grainger Hall in between classes every day—everything from a quick hello to grabbing coffee at the café or the many late-night study sessions.”