URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/admissions/high-school-students
TITLE: High School Student Admissions | Wisconsin School of Business

High-School Student Admissions
High school students interested in studying business at the University of Wisconsin–Madison are encouraged to explore our direct admission process.
Direct Admission to the School of Business Undergraduate Program
All students who apply to UW–Madison and indicate a business area of interest as their first choice of major are automatically considered for direct admission to the Wisconsin School of Business undergraduate program. Approximately half of the Wisconsin undergraduate business program’s students are admitted directly from high school.
Apply to the University of Wisconsin–Madison at apply.wisconsin.edu or commonapp.org
Indicate business or a specific business major as your first choice of major to be considered for direct admission
Explore UW–Madison application requirements
What is a direct admit student?
Direct admit students apply to the Wisconsin School of Business undergraduate program as part of their application to UW–Madison.
Application Deadlines
You may submit your application for the spring or fall term of the next calendar year beginning August 1. Applications are due by 11:59 p.m. Pacific time on the deadline dates below. Visit the
Office of Undergraduate Admissions
for additional details.
Decision Plan
Application Deadline
Decision
Spring Regular Decision
October 1
End of December
Fall Early Action
November 1
End of January
Fall Regular Decision
January 15
End of March
After You Receive Your Admissions Decision
If you are admitted to the Wisconsin School of Business your decision to enroll in the program is due by May 1.
Accept and pay the enrollment deposit with UW–Madison.
Following submission of the enrollment deposit, you will receive an email from the Wisconsin School of Business to separately accept the offer of direct admission.
Submit your acceptance to complete the process. This acceptance does not require a deposit.
Students admitted to UW–Madison, but not the Wisconsin School of Business
Students who are admitted to UW–Madison, but not the undergraduate business program, have the opportunity to begin the
pre-business admissions process
and apply again for admission to the undergraduate business program in the spring of their first year on campus.
The Wisconsin School of Business hosts a number of pre-business events that will help you explore your interest in business and guide you through the application process. These workshops take a sequential approach, and prospective students are strongly encouraged to attend every workshop offered in this series.
Approximately half of the Wisconsin School of Business’ undergraduate students are admitted through the pre-business process.
How to Apply as a Pre-Business/Current UW Student
Attend an Admissions Event
Sign up for an information session or take a virtual tour
The Wisconsin School of Business hosts undergraduate information sessions on weekdays throughout the semester. The UW virtual tour is available on demand for you to explore campus.
View schedule and register
Take a virtual campus tour
Speak with an undergraduate ambassador
Prospective business students and their families can schedule a personalized visit hosted by one of our undergraduate ambassadors—current students who are experts in our admissions process and student life. Ask them about applying to the Wisconsin School of Business, what classes are like, or their favorite spots in Madison—they’re here to help.
Meet our undergraduate ambassadors
Scholarships and Financial Aid
The Wisconsin School of Business provides almost $2 million in scholarship support to admitted and enrolled undergraduate students each year. There is a wide variety of financial aid and scholarship options available to incoming UW–Madison and/or Wisconsin School of Business students. To be considered for most awards, completion of the FAFSA is required.
Explore scholarships and financial aid options
Contact Us
Want to learn more about the undergraduate admissions process? Let us know how we can help.
Phone:
+1 608-890-2490
Email:
admissions@wsb.wisc.edu