URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate Business (BBA) Degree | Wisconsin School of Business

Undergraduate
Earn your Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) at the top-ranked Wisconsin School of Business.
Become the Next Great Business Leader
The Wisconsin Business Badger experience is about
you
You build strong academic foundations, make meaningful connections, explore career pathways that align with your passions, and demonstrate leadership skills that make you an empathetic, relentlessly curious, intellectually confident, purposeful business leader.
Choose from 12 majors
Explore business disciplines and find the right path for you. Select multiple majors and customize your education with certificates.
Explore majors
Find leadership opportunities
Earn badges for your cocurricular work and add a leadership certificate to your majors.
Find leadership opportunities
Customize your dream career path
Experience dedicated career coaching that helps you chart your path to success in your first job—and for a lifetime.
Explore careers
Maximize your potential
Partner with success coaches to achieve your goals. Tap into resources focused on your education and wellbeing.
Discover resources for your success
Join a diverse and inclusive community
Add your unique perspectives, interests, and talents to our program. Join a school with a deep commitment to diversity.
Learn more about our community
See the world
Study abroad with one of our partner universities. Programs span the world and are available for summer, semester, or short-term durations.
View study abroad programs
Choose Wisconsin
7
undergraduate business program among public universities
—Poets & Quants, 2025
9
best public undergraduate business program
—
U.S. News & World Report
, 2026
12
best public university
—
U.S. News & World Report
, 2024
Be Ready for the Changing Business Landscape
Build your business skills through a modern curriculum, including the newest courses launched at the Wisconsin School of Business:
Sustainable Capitalism
Explore the balance of the well-being of firms with the well-being of society.
Human-Centered Design and Business
Understand the customer experience to build better products and services.
Cloud-Based Business Analytics
Use the cloud to manage big data and run analyses.
Integrated Strategic Leadership
Work directly with companies as part of a team in an experiential learning project.
Where Can a Degree From Wisconsin Take You?
See how our recent grads are already making their mark.
Abbe at the Chicago Bulls
Watch the video
Oumou at Deloitte
Watch the video
Bryson at Morgan Stanley
Watch the video
Charlie at Energy Capital Partners
Watch the video
Anders at Spotify
Watch the video
previous slide
next slide
Facebook
LinkedIn
X
Email
Facebook
LinkedIn
X
Email
Facebook
LinkedIn
X
Email
Facebook
LinkedIn
X
Email
Facebook
LinkedIn
X
Email
Define Your Own Path
Explore careers
Work one-on-one with career coaches and academic advisors to dive deep into your interests and create a blueprint for your future success.
Make connections
Network with employers who repeatedly hire Business Badgers and grow your job-ready skills. Participate in case competitions, career treks, job shadowing opportunities, and more.
Learn more about your career prep
The
possibilities are endless
. Chase the dreams that don’t come easy.
94
of students secure a full-time position within six months of graduation
—Class of 2025
Start here. Go anywhere.
Wisconsin business grads take their skills to Fortune 500 corporations, major nonprofits, and startups all over the map. Click the pins to see where some grads have landed.
New York, New York
Andrew Quinn
, BBA ’11
Co-Founder and CFO/COO at PathWell Health
|
Finance, Accounting, and Economics
Palo Alto, California
Ash Gupta
, BBA ’10
Co-Founder and Managing Partner at Galaxy Capital Partners
Newark, New Jersey
Cynthia Chu
, BBA ’99
CFO and Growth Officer at Audible
|
Finance + Marketing
San Francisco, California
Diana Xiong
, BBA ’20
Account Strategist at Google
|
Marketing
Los Angeles, California
Jake Wood
, BBA ’05
Founder and Executive Chairman at Team Rubicon and Founder and CEO at Groundswell
|
Real Estate
Saint Paul, Minnesota
Jennifer Olson
, BBA ’95, MBA ’97
SVP/Chief Operating Officer at Children’s Minnesota
|
Finance
Los Angeles, California
Jim Wuthrich
, BBA ’86
President of Content Distribution at Warner Media
|
Marketing
Dallas, Texas
Joe Simler
, BBA ’08
Senior Manager, Corporate Sponsorships at Dallas Cowboys
|
Marketing
Mountain View, California
Jon Fasoli
, BBA ’09
Vice President, Small Business and Self-Employed Segment Leader at Intuit
Madison, Wisconsin
Joseline Nyinawabera
, BBA ’13, MBA ’22
Founder at BlkBld & Co.
|
Marketing and Human Resources
Denver, Colorado
Katie Bergen
, BBA ’09
Senior Director, Investor Relations and Capital Strategies at EverWest Real Estate Investors
|
Real Estate and Urban Land Economics; Finance, Investment and Banking
Minneapolis, Minnesota
Nolan Cunningham
, BBA ’17
Sr. Process and Controls Analyst at HomeServices of America
|
Management and Marketing
San Diego, California
Reena Vokoun
, BBA ’98
Founder and CEO at Passion Fit
|
Marketing + Management
Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Rodney Lynk Jr.
, BBA ’09
Chief Academic Officer at Milwaukee Excellence Charter School
|
Finance Investment Banking and Risk Management Insurance
Boston, Massachusetts
Ryan Oremus
, BBA ’97
Sr. Vice President of Finance at Boston Red Sox
|
Accounting and Finance
Oconomowoc, Wisconsin
Shawn Michels
, BBA ’18
Founder and CEO at Steady Shot, LLC
|
Accounting
Chicago, Illinois
Sidney Ullrich
, BBA ’18
Associate Category Manager at Walgreens
|
Marketing and Operations and Technology Management
Hear From Recent Graduates
“WSB has an incredibly collaborative culture. The people are friendly and always willing to lend a hand. This also applies to the WSB staff, instructors, and alumni network. The Business Badger community is second to none as Badgers love to give back and help others. The community and culture here have been nothing short of spectacular.”
—Peter Freye (BBA ’25), Supply Chain Analyst, Grainger, Chicago
Majors: Supply Chain, Marketing, and Operations and Technology Management
“WSB emphasizes students’ need to gain leadership skills, and there are so many opportunities to do that. By offering these opportunities students gain those personal skills employers are looking for.”
—Kaci Moy (BBA ’25)
Majors: Finance and Investment Banking and Risk Management Insurance, Certificate: Data Science
“Career Forward was instrumental in my success at WSB. I went to the Career Engagement Studio my first week of college to discuss exploring majors and career paths. My career coach helped me choose a career that aligns with my skills and personal values. Through the program, I went on a job shadow my sophomore year to Spaulding Ridge to learn more about consulting. I believe that experience was an important factor in me landing an internship at the company and my full-time job I have now.”
—Max Blitman (BBA ’25), Consulting Analyst, Spaulding Ridge, Chicago
Majors: Information Systems and Management and Human Resources, Certificates: Consulting and Sustainability
“Exploring new places was a big draw for me, and studying abroad is huge in the business school and encouraged. You experience all these different places, and you get to tap into all these different cultures. It’s a super cool experience. I came back with friends from all over the world.”
—Jared Coelho (BBA ’25), Supply Chain Analyst, Medline Industries, Chicago
Majors: Supply Chain Management, Operations and Technology Management, Marketing
previous slide
next slide
See Yourself Here
Madison: a top-rated city
Spend four years in one of the nation’s top-ranked places to live. Experience a college town with big city attractions built between two gorgeous lakes. UW–Madison is a premier research university, a leader in education, and a powerhouse in athletics.
See more about Madison
State-of-the-art Grainger Hall
You’ll find the Wisconsin School of Business’ home in Grainger Hall. Connect with more than 3,000 students in the undergraduate program and spend time studying and collaborating in the state-of-the-art Learning Commons.
Take a look inside Grainger Hall
Alumni Spotlights
Noe Vital (BBA ’15)
CEO and Co-Founder, Vibez Golf Club
San Diego, California
Vital is an entrepreneur working to expand the game of golf by paving the way for new demographics. His business is removing barriers, rebranding the sport, and introducing it to kids of diverse backgrounds who never thought golf was for them.
Danielle Tiedt (BBA ’96)
Chief Marketing Officer, YouTube
San Francisco, California
Tiedt is making positive change go viral. She sees technology as a way to have a positive impact by giving more people a voice and a chance to see the world. Throughout her career, she has witnessed the transformation of the industry and played a pivotal role in meeting consumer expectations.
Cynthia Chu (BBA ’99)
CFO and Growth Officer, Audible
New York City Metropolitan Area
Chu is a leader in the field of digital media. By riding technology’s changes over the course of her career, Chu has been able to continually pursue the goal that sparked her initial interest in business: problem-solving on a large scale in a way that impacts consumers’ lives.
Jake Wood (BBA ’05)
Founder and CEO, Groundswell
Founder, Team Rubicon
Los Angeles, California
Wood is an entrepreneur and founder of the veteran-driven disaster relief organization Team Rubicon, which started with Wood seeing a need to help people in the aftermath of Haiti’s 2010 earthquake. Wood now leads Groundswell, a company aiming to democratize philanthropy.
previous slide
next slide
Start Your Journey
Apply today. You can apply straight from high school, as a current UW–Madison student, or as a student seeking a transfer to UW–Madison. Select the path that currently describes you.
High school students
Current UW-Madison students
Transfer students
News & Announcements
Business Learning Commons Changes next fall
April 21, 2026
New Leadership Course for Fall 2026
April 21, 2026
Emergency Financial Support
April 21, 2026
View all articles
Upcoming Events
Apr
28
Business Abroad Kick-Off!
Tuesday, April 28 | 5:00pm
–
7:00pm
View all events
Schedule a Visit
Our
undergraduate ambassadors
host personalized visits with prospective students and their families. Visits are scheduled in advance and tailored to your individual interests and goals.
Schedule a visit
Follow Us
@wisconsinbusinessbadgers
Congratulations to #BusinessBadgers Sadie and Madelyn for placing first in Entertainment Marketing at the @collegiatedeca International Career Development Conference!
🌟Sadie Steinbach (BBA ‘29) @sadie_s_14
“My biggest takeaway from this experience is that you should never let others, or yourself, underestimate what you are capable of achieving. We had people call us “Business Barbies” and insinuate that we were not to be taken seriously because we have fun, bubbly personalities. Even winning ICDC in high school wasn’t enough for people to stop doubting our abilities. This experience reminded me that confidence, preparation, and hard work matter far more than assumptions, and that you can stay true to yourself while still achieving at a high level.”
🌟Madelyn Totzke (BBA ‘27) @maddietotzke
“My favorite part of this experience was the opportunity to meet a diverse group of people from different schools and backgrounds. I was able to connect not only with fellow students but also with business professionals and local businesses in Louisville, which helped me expand my network. Additionally, sharing this experience with my cousin Sadie made it even more meaningful.”
Congratulations again on this amazing accomplishment. We are so proud of you two!
#CollegiateDECA #CDECA #CDECAICDC #GoTheExtra
222
8
Open post by wisconsinbusinessbadgers with ID 18099756416075372
Senior Spotlight 🎓✨
🌟Ben Lukszys (BBA ‘26)
Major: Entrepreneurship, Data Science, & Philosophy
Involvement: @transcenduw, ramp100, @uweffectivealtruism, Madison Philosophical Society, @discgolfbadgers
📣”I can summarize my time at the WSB and UW-Madison as a whole in three words: Finding my people.
At this point, I am lucky enough to say I’ve successfully accomplished this during my time at Madison. My time has been primarily spent leading various parts of UW’s student entrepreneurship community, like co-leading a $42.5k “Shark Tank”-style pitch competition, creating a UW student entrepreneurship community with >20 meetups and 3 startup job fairs, and co-founding a recruiting agency that got 14 students hired into Madison-area startups over the past year.
Looking to the future, I will be moving to San Francisco to join a startup called BlueDot Impact, where my work will focus on building an accelerator program that helps other founders create startups in the AI security and biosecurity space.”
Congratulations to Ben and the BBA Class of 2026! 🥳🦡
We’re counting down to graduation by featuring just a few of our amazing graduates and their achievements. Stay tuned for more! 🎉
#UWGrad #BusinessBadgers #ClassOf2026 #OnWisconsin
108
4
Open post by wisconsinbusinessbadgers with ID 18084802220523675
Day in the life as an Information Systems major! 👾💪🏃
Spend a day with Nathan as he shares what it’s like to study information systems as a senior at the @wisconsinschoolofbusiness! 😎
🌟 Nathan Wang (BBA ‘26) @wanggainzz
Majors: Information Systems and Computer Science
Involvement: VP of Events and Outreach @iss_uwmadison, Student Analyst Intern at the Cybersecurity Operations Center at @uwmadison DoIT, President & Founder @harbor_madison, @mwa_uwmadison
#DITL #DayInTheLife #BusinessBadgers
304
3
Open post by wisconsinbusinessbadgers with ID 17847946671694351