URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/majors/marketing
TITLE: Marketing Major | Wisconsin School of Business

Marketing Major
What will I learn as a marketing major?
Core principles
Learn the marketing principles that drive business:
product, price, place, and promotion
. Explore how these concepts shape strategy and execution.
In-demand skills
Analyze data, craft strategies, and use cutting-edge digital tools. Elevate your
creativity, communication, and analytical thinking
to make an impact.
Advanced concepts
Prepare for a dynamic career with topics such as:
consumer behavior, brand management, analytics
, new product innovation, and global business.
View marketing major requirements
6
best undergraduate marketing program
—
U.S. News & World Report
, 2026
What’s the marketing major experience?
New York Career Trek
1:18
Bridget Barry (BBA ’27)
The Vault in Paris
1:03
Annelise McDonald (BBA ’26)
Under Armour Internship
0:48
Samantha Flores (BBA ’26)
previous slide
next slide
There’s nothing like the Business Badger experience. See more on the
undergraduate Instagram page
.
Average Starting Salary for Marketing Majors
64,938
—Class of 2025
Employment Rate
92
of marketing majors secure a full-time position within six months of graduation
—Class of 2025
Companies That Hire Wisconsin Marketing Majors
What are popular marketing jobs?
Account executive
Brand manager
Business development associate
Marketing associate
Marketing and public relations specialist
Marketing coordinator
Market research analyst
Marketing specialist
Product manager
Common Marketing Career Paths
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Analytics and insights
Data analytics and insights professionals
: These data-driven marketers uncover and interpret insights to drive strategy. Their work informs business decisions and growth plans. Using their analytical skills, statistical knowledge, and business acumen they identify patterns, trends, and correlations in datasets, consumer research and preferences, competitor analysis, and more. Through predictive models, these marketing professionals forecast future trends, customer behavior, and business outcomes to guide proactive decision-making. They often use storytelling and data visualization tools to explain their findings and inspire changes and campaigns. They track performance against key performance indicators to hold organizations accountable.
Content strategy and lead generation
Content strategists
: These marketing professionals bring marketing strategies to life in cohesive, compelling stories, images, campaigns, and promotions. As media and platform experts, they develop integrated plans of digital and traditional marketing tactics to deliver specific marketing objectives—such as creating awareness, driving repeat purchases, or generating new leads. They determine the most effective combination of tactics and what channels they should appear on to reach their target markets.
Content strategists use analytical skills, critical thinking, and creativity to stand-out. They may work with internal or external marketing teams of copywriters, graphic designers, and media planners to execute a planned strategy that follows brand and product guidelines.
Marketing management
Marketing managers
: These self-motivated leaders set strategy and lead cross-functional teams to deliver the business’ goals. These marketers have the widest breadth of marketing and business understanding and rely on internal and external marketing partners to be experts in specific marketing areas—such as digital marketing, social media, data analytics, consumer insights, content development, and media planning. They typically own the profit and loss statement and are accountable for budgeting and meeting financial targets.
Within marketing management, roles and job titles vary. Recent undergraduate business graduates are usually hired as marketing assistants or assistant marketing managers. Common marketing management positions are:
Brand managers
: These marketers create and preserve the brand’s promise—its value or an experience customers expect every time they interact with the brand. They own and enforce the brand’s look, feel, voice, and personality through its products, messaging, and people. Brand managers also define the brand’s unique point(s) of difference and ensure the brand’s differentiated value is communicated to consumers. With a specialized team or agency, they create and oversee an integrated marketing communication plan that includes advertising, social media, promotions, and events to support and promote the brand and drive profitable growth.
Product marketers
: These creatives manage a portfolio of products or services through the product lifecycle: From front-end research through development to launch and finally discontinuation. Product marketers own and develop the full marketing plan that promotes the product or service and includes performance benchmarks that can be measured against competitors.
Product managers
: These marketers develop both new-to-the world products and modify existing products based on consumer preferences, trends, and market demand. They lead cross-functional teams of designers, engineers, finance experts, supply chain professionals, and more through a stage-gate process ensuring the products meet target consumer needs and sales and profit goals.
Sports marketers
: A brand or product manager where their product just happens to be a team, franchise, league, athlete, or related product or service. Their target markets range from fans to media outlets to other brands. These marketers combine their communication, strategic, and negotiation skills with their deep understanding of sports to develop partnerships, sponsorships, promotions, and events that drive engagement, build brand connections, and support a positive image.
Tech product marketers
: These specialized marketers focus on technology-based products and services in industries such as software as a service, health care technology, and financial technology. Product marketers bridge the gap between the development team and the target market. Through comprehensive market analysis, they identify attractive entry points, market trends, and competitor insights, while developing empathy with consumers and understanding their technical needs. These roles require a blend of technical knowledge, marketing expertise, and the ability to simplify complex information with a deep understanding of customer needs and preferences.
Sales and business development
Business development professionals
: These relationship-builders focus on growing their company’s revenue and customer base and play a key role in strategic planning. By building relationships, they identify, prospect, and service target markets that benefit from their company’s products or services. Business development professionals focus on longer-term relationships and discover growth areas, such as new business opportunities, partnerships, and market expansion.
Sales professionals
: Sales people focus on short-term sales goals and driving immediate revenue for the company. The sales process starts by engaging with potential clients and understanding their needs. Based on these needs, they present the features and benefits of their company’s products and services, answer questions, negotiate terms, and close deals. They develop strategies to maximize revenue, foster relationships with excellent customer service, and share customer insights with internal teams to inspire new products and services. Depending on a company’s size, the sales team may be one person or have many people handling different parts of the sales process, such as:
Sales representatives
: Front-line professionals who are the direct point of contact with prospective customers and play a key role in building new relationships, understanding needs, and closing deals. Sales representatives often work in specific territories or industries and are driven by meeting or exceeding sales targets.
Account executives/Account managers
: As a go-between, they manage the relationship with an existing client, ensuring they have a positive experience. Account executives or account managers represent the client with internal cross-functional teams, manage administrative work, and communicate information from their teams to their client.
Sales analysts
: These analysts discover how effective a sales strategy is by analyzing sales data, performance metrics, and market trends. They prepare dashboards and presentations to communicate performance to stakeholders, such as senior leadership and sales managers.
Certificates Commonly Paired With a Marketing Major
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Art Studio
For jobs such as art gallery marketing manager, artist relations manager, creative director, art studio brand manager, and social media manager.
View the art studio certificate
Consulting
For jobs such as marketing consultant, brand strategist, digital marketing consultant, market research consultant, and social media marketing consultant.
View the consulting certificate
Data Science
For jobs such as marketing data scientist, consumer insights analyst, marketing analyst, growth data scientist, and digital marketing scientist.
View the data science certificate
Digital Studies
For jobs such as digital marketing manager, social media manager, content marketing strategist, digital brand manager, and e-commerce marketing manager.
View the digital studies certificate
Global Health
For jobs such as global health marketing specialist, health products brand manager, global health consultant, and public health campaign manager.
View the global health certificate
Graphic Design
For jobs such as marketing designer, brand designer, creative director, digital marketing designer, and social media designer.
View the graphic design certificate
International Business
For jobs such as international marketing manager, global brand manager, international business development manager, and global digital marketing manager.
View the international business certificate
Sports Communication
For jobs such as sports marketing, brand manager, event coordinator, and public relations specialist.
View the sports communication certificate
Textiles and Design
For jobs such as fashion marketing manager, textile product manager, fashion brand strategist, textile designer, fashion public relations, and visual merchandiser.
View the textiles and design certificate
View all certificates
Alumni Are Trusted to Lead
Abbe Gahart | Manager, Partnership Marketing at the Chicago Bulls
Anders Larsen | Product Marketing Manager at Spotify
Danielle Tiedt | Chief Marketing Officer at YouTube
previous slide
next slide
Applied Learning Opportunities
Career treks
Visit between five and eight companies over two to three days in cities across the U.S. Past locations include Austin, Chicago, Boston, and New York. Past employers include Bloomingdales, Kraft Heinz, Ovative Group, and Walgreens. Twenty undergraduate business students go on each trek. The school covers the cost of lodging and part of your travel.
Job shadows
Experience a company’s day-to-day operations, tour facilities, network, and more through half- or full-day site visits. Past employer participants include BestBuy, Fiskars, Grainger, PepsiCo., Procter & Gamble, and Uline. Employers host between five and 20 undergraduate business students at a time.
Case competitions
Put your business skills to the test in national case competitions where you solve real-world challenges or case studies. Showcase your analytical, problem-solving, and presentation skills. Competitions have been sponsored by the National Retail Federation, Dick’s Sporting Goods, and the American Marketing Association.
On-campus events
Attend employer coffee chats, industry panels, and interactive workshops to grow your network and sharpen your skills. Previous events include Marketing Leaders Live speaker series, career fairs, and the Sobic Master Sales Bootcamp. Direct access to recruiters and alumni helps you learn about industries and opens doors to internships and full-time positions.
previous slide
next slide
Marketing Student Organizations
American Marketing Association at UW–Madison
MKT Honorary Marketing Society
Wisconsin Marketing Organization
Popular Master’s Programs for Marketing Majors
MA in Arts and Creative Enterprise Leadership
Be the strategic leader community organizations need. Learn to be an innovative arts administrator, nonprofit executive, or social entrepreneur in this one-year program.
MS in Business Analytics
Excel in a data-driven business world. Harness the power of data to address complex questions and contribute strategic insights in any industry in this one-year program.
If you have a bachelor’s degree from UW–Madison with a 3.4 GPA or higher, you are eligible for auto admission to these master’s programs:
MS in Business Analytics
,
MS in Real Estate
, and
MS in Supply Chain Management
.
View all business master's programs
Who can help me with my marketing major?
Career coach
Use
Starfish
to make an appointment with your career coach.
Debbie Whitman
Career Coach
debbie.whitman@wisc.edu
Princess Vaulx
Career Coach
princess.vaulx@wisc.edu
Pathway consultant
Kelly Newbold Boudreau
Marketing Program Director
kelly.newbold@wisc.edu