URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/scholarships
TITLE: Undergraduate Scholarships & Financial Support | Wisconsin School of Business

Scholarships & Financial Support
Most Wisconsin School of Business and UW–Madison scholarships require a single application through the Wisconsin Scholarship Hub (WiSH).
Apply for scholarships
Applying for Scholarships
Scholarships available through the Wisconsin Scholarship Hub (WiSH) match your student data with appropriate scholarship opportunities.
A FAFSA is not required, but preference will be shown for students who do submit a FAFSA and have demonstrated financial need.
Almost
2
million
in scholarships  awarded to WSB students
High School Applicants With Direct Admission to the Wisconsin School of Business
You are automatically evaluated for most business scholarships based on your UW–Madison application.
A WiSH application is not required, but we encourage you to review
WiSH
for awards outside the School of Business. These scholarships are usually awarded by campus units outside of the Wisconsin School of Business.
The
Trusted to Lead Scholarship
is a selective scholarship opportunity available for current High School students that have been offered Direct Admission to Business. Students with an internalized passion for Business and elevated potential for leadership growth are encouraged to explore this opportunity.
Notifications to students selected for scholarship awards will be sent by March 1 for early action admits and by April 15 for regular decision admits.
UW–Madison Students Applying to the Wisconsin School of Business (Pre-Business Applicants)
Complete the
continuing undergraduate student application
on WiSH, available February 1–28, for the next academic year.
Applicants will be considered for general undergraduate awards through this submission.
Notifications to students selected for scholarship awards will be sent by August 1.
Current Undergraduate Business Students
Apply for scholarship awards through the Wisconsin School of Business by completing the
continuing undergraduate student application
on WiSH, available February 1–28, for the next academic year.
Applicants will be considered for both academic department and general undergraduate awards through this single submission.
Notifications to students selected for scholarship awards will be sent by July 1.
Business Emerging Leaders (BEL) Scholarship
Applicants must be in their senior year of high school and applying for direct admission to the Wisconsin School of Business.
Complete the
Business Emerging Leaders scholarship application
on WiSH, available February 1–April 5, 2026, for the next academic year.
Preference will be given to applicants who have previously participated in a business-related experience or camp at UW–Madison, a peer school, or a civic organization. For more information about requirements,
visit the Business Emerging Leaders webpage
.
Notifications to students selected for the BEL Scholarship will be sent on a rolling basis between March and late April.
Additional Awards for Business Students
A variety of other student-specific awards may be posted throughout the academic year.
Awards include:
Study Abroad Scholarships
Your Own Device Award
The Career Clothing Fund
Contact the undergraduate business program office
or
search WiSH
to learn more about these opportunities.
Non-UW Scholarships
You can also search for scholarships using national online databases. It is important to get your information from reputable sources. Two good sources of scholarship information are
FastWeb
and
FinAid
.
Requesting Financial Support
Emergency Financial Support
Get help navigating financial emergencies while in school.
The Wisconsin School of Business Undergraduate Program Emergency Support Fund offers supplemental financial support to current business students experiencing financial crises that make it difficult to cover essential expenses and continue their education.
Essential expenses include (but are not limited to):
Food and hygiene products
Rent or other housing fees to prevent eviction or support temporary housing
Emergency medical care or urgent mental health services
Funding is not intended to pay tuition and fees. Funding is limited.
To learn more and request funding:
Complete the Emergency Support Fund request form
As soon as possible after submitting the form, schedule a mandatory session with a
WSB success coach
Have questions about WSB’s emergency support program? Email
successandpolicy@wsb.wisc.edu
.
Learn more about
Success Coaching
resources.
Find other
emergency financial support resources
available to UW–Madison students.