URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/majors/management
TITLE: Management Major | Wisconsin School of Business

Management Major
What will I learn as a management major?
Core principles
Learn to
lead high-performance teams
and organizations,
empower people
, manage staff and culture, and
develop strategies
that create a competitive advantage.
In-demand skills
Build leadership, communication, and problem-solving skills to
improve performance
and processes,
collaborate
across teams, and
manage conflict
.
Advanced concepts
Be ready to
build strong team practices
, improve organizational structures,
implement strategies
, and
analyze information
to guide major decisions.
View management major requirements
21
best undergraduate management program
—
U.S. News & World Report
, 2026
What’s the management major experience?
New York Career Trek
0:16
Women in Business members
Studying in Barcelona
1:36
Josue Uribe  (BBA ’27)
Milwaukee Bucks Internship
1:03
Carlos Bello (BBA ’26)
previous slide
next slide
There’s nothing like the Business Badger experience. See more on the
undergraduate Instagram page
.
Average Starting Salary for Management Majors
65,011
—Class of 2025
Employment Rate
92
of management majors secure a full-time position within six months of graduation
—Class of 2025
Companies That Hire Wisconsin Management Majors
What are popular management jobs?
Management consultant
Manager
Product manager
Project manager
Sales manager
Common Management Career Paths
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Rotational leadership development programs
Rotational leadership development programs are opportunities to work in different business areas within a company for a set period of time. Participants gain hands-on project experiences, mentorship, and training to prepare them for future leadership roles. These programs are common in financial services, industrial supply, consumer products, and health care.
Manager
Managers oversee people and processes to achieve specific business goals. They plan and organize work, motivate employees, and evaluate performance. They also set objectives and shape strategies for an organization.
Management consultant
Management consultants improve how organizations operate to increase performance and productivity. They offer advice and guidance in areas such as strategy, operations, finance, and marketing.
Product manager
Product managers define and deliver products that meet customer needs and business goals. They identify customer problems, validate solutions, create product roadmaps, and work across teams. They measure and communicate a product’s performance to leaders and stakeholders.
Project manager
Project managers plan and coordinate projects from start to finish. They define project scope, assign tasks, monitor progress and quality, solve problems, and make sure the project stays within budget and on time. Project managers keep leaders and stakeholders informed throughout the process.
Sales manager
Sales managers lead a company’s or department’s sales team. They set sales goals, develop strategies, train and motivate staff, and analyze data to improve performance.
Certificates Commonly Paired With a Management Major
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Consulting
For jobs such as change management consultant, HR consultant, operations consultant, management consultant, and strategy consultant.
View the consulting certificate
Digital Studies
For jobs such as chief digital officer, digital marketing manager, digital transformation manager, e-commerce management, and IT project manager.
View the digital studies certificate
Health Policy
For jobs such as health care administrator, health policy analyst, health services manager, policy director, and public health program manager.
View the health policy certificate
Political Science
For jobs such as city manager, government relations manager, lobbyist, policy advisor, political campaign manager, public affairs manager, and public policy consultant.
View the political science certificate
Sports Communication
For jobs such as athletic relations manager, event manager, public relations manager, social media manager, sports communication director, sports marketing manager, and sports sponsorship manager.
View the sports communication certificate
Sustainability
For jobs such as corporate social responsibility manager, energy manager, environmental project manager, sustainability consultant, and sustainability manager.
View the sustainability certificate
View all certificates
Alumni Are Trusted to Lead
Abbe Gahart | Manager, Partnership Marketing at the Chicago Bulls
0:30
Abbe Gahart (BBA ’19)
Applied Learning Opportunities
Case competitions
Put your business skills to the test in national case competitions where you solve real-world challenges or case studies. Showcase your analytical, problem-solving, and presentation skills. Competitions have been sponsored by the
Accenture Leadership Center
and have included the Wisconsin Invitational Consulting Case Competition.
On-campus events
Attend employer coffee chats, industry panels, and workshops to grow your network and sharpen your skills. Previous events include résumé workshops, guest speakers, conferences, the Wisconsin Consulting Club’s annual Alumni in Consulting event, and more. Direct access to recruiters and alumni helps you learn about industries and opens doors to internships and full-time positions.
previous slide
next slide
Management Student Organizations
Sigma Iota Epsilon (SIE)
Sports Business Club
UW–Madison Collegiate DECA
Wisconsin Consulting Club
Women in Business
Popular Master’s Programs for Management Majors
MA in Arts and Creative Enterprise Leadership
Be the strategic leader community organizations need. Learn to be an innovative arts administrator, nonprofit executive, or social entrepreneur in this one-year program.
MS in Business Analytics
Excel in a data-driven business world. Harness the power of data to address complex questions and contribute strategic insights in any industry in this one-year program.
If you have a bachelor’s degree from UW–Madison with a 3.4 GPA or higher, you are eligible for auto admission to these master’s programs:
MS in Business Analytics
,
MS in Real Estate
, and
MS in Supply Chain Management
.
View all business master's programs
Who can help me with my management major?
Career coach
Use
Starfish
to make an appointment with your career coach.
Kristen Fellhoelter
Career Engagement Manager
kristen.fellhoelter@wisc.edu
Pathway consultant
Tanya Hubanks
Director
Strategic Human Resource Management
tanya.hubanks@wisc.edu