URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/admissions/current-uw-students
TITLE: Current UW–Madison Student Admissions | Wisconsin School of Business

Current UW-Madison Student Admissions
Requirements and Policies
Are you a current UW–Madison student looking to earn your business degree? Apply for the Wisconsin School of Business undergraduate program. Nearly half of the program’s students are admitted after spending at least a year at UW–Madison.
A 3.0 Overall UW–Madison GPA is required at the time of starting the application, and at the end of the spring application term.
Prerequisite courses in communications, quantitative reasoning, economics, and human behavior are also required.
All applicants are required to attend one Pre-Business 101 Workshop during the intended application year.
Applicants will be able to apply once for admission within their first four semesters (Fall/Spring) at UW–Madison.
We encourage you to review the complete list of Wisconsin School of Business undergraduate admissions policies.
View full admission requirements and policies
Application Deadlines and Key Dates
The Pre-Business application was open March 2-16, 2026 and is now closed for Fall 2026 enrollment consideration.
Deadline
Description
March 2, 2026
Undergraduate admission application opens at 8:00 a.m. CT
March 16, 2026
Undergraduate admission application closes at 11:59 p.m. CT
May 15, 2026
Deadline to withdraw application
On or before July 1, 2026
Application decisions announced
September 2, 2026
New admits officially become business students
Eligible applicants should apply when they feel their application is strongest, keeping in mind there are a greater number of applicants and admission offers for first-year students looking to start their second year in business. There is no preference based on year in school when making admission decisions.
Ready to Apply?
The Wisconsin undergraduate business program application for current UW–Madison students consists of four parts:
Online application: Available early March 2027
Academic record: The minimum GPA to apply is 3.0 at both the time of application and conclusion of the spring term. Your transcripts will be available to us as a part of your UW–Madison records. For additional details on GPA calculation, visit the undergraduate admissions policies page.
Résumé: Check out our
résumé resource guide
for help.
Essay: View our
essay preparation tips
.
Apply now
Admit Rates
UW All Applicants
45%
UW First-year Applicants
48%
UW Second-year Applicants
35%
Approximate Average Admit GPA
3.80 – 3.87
Approximate mid-80th Percentile GPA Range
3.64 – 4.00
Admit rates are from the past three years, do not include direct transfer applicants, and vary based on resource capacities and number of submitted applications.
Attend Pre-Business Events
The Wisconsin undergraduate business program hosts a number of pre-business events that will help you explore your interest in business and guide you through the application process. These workshops take a sequential approach, and prospective students are strongly encouraged to attend every workshop offered in this series. All applicants are required to attend the Pre-Business 101 Workshop. Registration can be found in our Pre-Business Experience Canvas Course.
Join our Canvas course
Meet With an Advisor
The Wisconsin undergraduate business program offers one-on-one advising for prospective students currently enrolled at UW–Madison. Our pre-business advising team is available to help you prepare for admission and determine if the program is the best fit for you.
Use Starfish to schedule a 15-30 minute appointment with a pre-business advisor.
Explore majors.
Plan future semesters.
Prepare for study abroad.
Discuss challenges you’re facing in class.
Discuss non-academic factors affecting academics.
Schedule an appointment
Current UW–Madison students who are preparing to apply through the pre-business process are welcome to email quick “yes or no”-type questions to the pre-business advising team. Include your student ID number and your @wisc.edu email address.
Email the pre-business advising team
Scholarships and Financial Aid
The Wisconsin School of Business provides almost $2 million in scholarship support to admitted and newly enrolled undergraduate students each year. To be considered for scholarships from the School of Business, a WiSH application is required and FAFSA strongly recommended to be considered for most awards.
Explore scholarships and financial aid options
Contact Us
Want to learn more about the undergraduate admissions process? Let us know how we can help.
Phone:
+1 608-890-2490
Email:
admissions@wsb.wisc.edu