URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/academic-advising
TITLE: Undergraduate Academic Advising | Wisconsin School of Business

Academic Advising
Plan Your Business Education Every Step of the Way
Academic advisors work in partnership with you to ensure you have the tools and support you need to make decisions about the direction of your education and career.
Explore your course and major options
Define your academic and career goals
Accomplish what you set out to achieve during your time as a Business Badger and beyond
3.77
average time to graduation in years
Team of advisors
Academic advisors collaborate with career advisors and study abroad advisors so you receive integrated and comprehensive guidance based on your unique needs and overall goals.
Specialized knowledge
Your academic advisor will have specialized knowledge of your business majors. They also work closely with faculty in the corresponding academic departments to ensure that you receive the most up-to-date information about your field.
Peer connection
Academic advisors also work with a team of student staff members, or academic peer advisors, who hold drop-in hours to connect with students and help address academic questions.
Begin Your Academic Journey With Business SOAR
Your partnership with the advising team begins early in your academic career at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. When you enroll at UW–Madison, one of your first steps will be to attend
Student Orientation, Advising, and Registration (SOAR)
, where you will have your first meeting with an academic advisor. At SOAR, you will be assigned an academic advisor with specialized knowledge in your field of study.
Meet With Us
Schedule to meet with your academic advisor
Use
Starfish
to make a 30-minute appointment with your advisor. Your assigned advisor is listed in your Student Center.
Email your advisor with quick, yes or no questions and be sure to use your @wisc.edu email account and include your campus ID number.
Drop in for peer advising
Drop-in hours are 1–3 p.m. Monday—Friday in 3150 Grainger Hall for Business, Pre-Business, and Certificate students.
Pre-business students: receive academic advising before you’re admitted
Current UW–Madison students who expect to apply to the School of Business through the pre-business admissions process can set up an advising appointment through Starfish.
Pre-business students may send quick yes or no questions to
prebusadvising@wsb.wisc.edu
. Include your student ID number and your @wisc.edu email address.
Students can learn more about the pre-business application process and register for admissions events by
joining our Canvas course
.
Schedule an appointment on Starfish
Resources
Academic Policies & Procedures
Visit the Undergraduate Guide for information on academic policies, procedures, courses, and enrollment.
Visit the Undergraduate Guide
Tutoring
The Business Badger Study Cooperative provides academic support and tutoring resources in core business courses.
Learn more about tutoring
Learning Commons
WSB’s state-of-the-art library is equipped with active learning classrooms, collaborative spaces, a computer lab, and a Finance and Analytics Lab.
Explore Grainger Hall
McBurney Center
Students with disabilities can receive accommodation advising from the McBurney Disability Resource Center at UW–Madison.
Visit the McBurney Center
DARS
A DARS (Degree Audit Reporting System) report shows which courses you have taken as well as which courses you still need for a major.
Learn more about DARS
Campus Services
Business students also have access to campus-wide academic resources that provide tutoring and learning support services.
View campus resources
Academic Forms for Business Students
The following academic forms are provided by the School of Business to support undergraduate business students in their academic pursuits
Business Major and Certificate Declaration
Business Course Permission Form
Petition for Special Consideration
Course Change
and
Pass/Fail Requests
Independent Learning Form
(PDF)
Additional Student Forms from the Office of the Registrar
Readings and Research/Independent Study Authorization Form
(PDF)
Internship Credit (Gen Bus 450 or 451) Authorization Form
Major Exploration Check-List
(PDF)
Undergraduate Business Program Honor Code
As members of the Wisconsin School of Business, we commit to acting with integrity, accountability, and respect in all academic, professional, and community spaces.
We define professionalism through how we communicate, how responsibly we use tools and resources, and how reliably we follow through on our commitments.
By holding ourselves and each other to ethical standards and including every voice in our community, we protect the value of our degree and strengthen trust in the WSB community.
This Honor Code is written by students to reflect the expectations we share across classrooms, teams, and campus spaces.
Undergraduate Business Program Honor Code
As a Wisconsin School of Business student, I hold myself accountable to the highest standard of academic integrity and professionalism.
I exhibit academic integrity through producing work that is a culmination of my natural talents and the utilization of the resources available to me.
I value professionalism; therefore, I will be respectful, courteous, and conscientious at all times in order to foster a diverse and inclusive environment.
I will continue to do what is good, right, and true to create a positive impact at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, and I will encourage others to do the same.
Get in Touch
Location
Undergraduate Academic Advising is located at
3150 Grainger Hall
and is available for Business, Pre-Business, and Certificate students.
Contact
Phone:
608-262-0471
Email:
wibbaadvising@wsb.wisc.edu
or
prebusadvising@wsb.wisc.edu