URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/majors/supply-chain
TITLE: Supply Chain Management Major | Wisconsin School of Business

Supply Chain Management Major
What will I learn as a supply chain management major?
Core principles
Learn to
create effective and profitable supply chain strategies
. Explore sourcing, procurement, logistics, marketing, analytics, and IT systems.
In-demand skills
Build skills in
analytical thinking, data analysis, project management
, and problem solving. Be ready to assess strategies and inform decisions.
Advanced concepts
From planning to delivery, be ready to
increase profit and customer satisfaction
, improve organizational strategies, and
lead business transformations
.
View supply chain major requirements
14
among undergraduate supply chain programs in North America
—Gartner, 2024
24
best undergraduate supply chain management program
—
U.S. News & World Report
, 2026
What’s the supply chain major experience?
Spring Break Norway Trip
0:45
Supply chain students
Kimberly-Clark Internship
2:59
Malina Douangmala (BBA ’25)
previous slide
next slide
There’s nothing like the Business Badger experience. See more on the
undergraduate Instagram page
.
Average Starting Salary for Supply Chain Majors
74,481
—Class of 2025
Employment Rate
96
of supply chain majors secure a full-time position within six months of graduation
—Class of 2025
Companies That Hire Wisconsin Supply Chain Majors
What are popular supply chain jobs?
Assistant buyer
Business analyst
Buyer
Global sourcing analyst
Inventory analyst
Logistics associate
Project manager
Supply chain analyst
Common Supply Chain Career Paths
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Procurement and sourcing
Procurement and sourcing are part of the inbound supply chain. This is a great place to understand how sales, service, inventory management, and logistics work together to balance supply and demand.
Procurement involves identifying and purchasing the raw materials needed to create products. It plays a key role in keeping supply chains going. Common procurement roles include procurement analyst and procurement officer, who handle one specific aspect of purchasing. At a senior level, a purchasing manager oversees purchasing decisions for an entire organization.
Logistics
The goal of a supply chain is getting products into consumers’ hands. Logistics is essential to meeting this goal. Career paths in logistics include transportation analyst and logistics analyst. A more senior role is transportation manager. These roles may have different responsibilities, but they all focus on moving products from the factory to the consumer.
Planning
Planning is a forward-looking process that coordinates assets to optimize the delivery of goods, services, and information from suppliers to customers while balancing supply and demand. Planning occurs throughout the supply chain. Roles include supply chain planner, demand planner, and inventory planner.
Certificates Commonly Paired With a Supply Chain Major
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Consulting
For jobs such as inventory optimization consultant, logistics consultant, operations and supply chain consultant, procurement consultant, and supply chain strategy consultant.
View the consulting certificate
Data Science
For jobs such as demand planning data scientist, logistics data scientist, supply chain data analyst, supply chain optimization specialist, and supply chain risk analyst.
View the data science certificate
Global Health
For jobs such as epidemic response logistics manager, global health procurement specialist, logistics and distribution manager, and pharmaceutical supply chain manager.
View the global health certificate
Sustainability
For jobs such as environmental impact consultant, logistics coordinator, and sustainable supply chain manager.
View the sustainability certificate
View all certificates
Alumni Are Trusted to Lead
Oumou Barry | Tech Business Analyst at Deloitte | Trusted To Lead
0:30
Applied Learning Opportunities
Global trips
Visit companies and see international supply chains in action. Staff from the
Grainger Center for Supply Chain Management
take students on global trips annually. Trips have included Norway and Germany to explore clean energy and automotive industries, respectively. These experiences usually occur during spring or winter breaks.
Job shadows
Experience a company’s day-to-day operations, tour facilities, network, and more through half- or full-day site visits. Past employer participants include Grainger, Kerry, PepsiCo, Plexus Corp., and Uline. Employers host between five and 20 undergraduate business students at a time.
Case competitions
Put your business skills to the test in national case competitions where you solve real-world challenges or case studies. Showcase your analytical, problem-solving, and presentation skills. Competitions have been sponsored by Colorado State University; Grainger; Kohler Co.; Purdue University; the University of Minnesota, Twin Cities; and more.
On-campus events
Attend employer coffee chats, industry panels, and workshops to grow your network and sharpen your skills. Previous events have also included lunch and learns, a speaker series, the annual supply chain career fair, and the Grainger Gala hosted by the
Grainger Center for Supply Chain Management
. Direct access to recruiters and alumni helps you learn about industries and opens doors to internships and full-time positions.
previous slide
next slide
“My two supply chain trips to Norway and Germany are among the coolest experiences of my life. Getting the opportunities to study the clean energy and automotive industries with a group of supply chain students was incredibly valuable. Visiting both countries opened my eyes to experiencing new cultures, trying new foods, sightseeing, and so much more.”
—Peter Freye (BBA ’25), Supply Chain Analyst, Grainger, Chicago
Majors: Supply Chain, Marketing, and Operations and Technology Management
Supply Chain Student Organizations
Supply Chain Club
Wisconsin Consulting Club
Women Impacting Supply Chain Excellence (WISE) at UW-Madison
Popular Master’s Programs for Supply Chain Majors
MA in Arts and Creative Enterprise Leadership
Be the strategic leader community organizations need. Learn to be an innovative arts administrator, nonprofit executive, or social entrepreneur in this one-year program.
MS in Business Analytics
Excel in a data-driven business world. Harness the power of data to address complex questions and contribute strategic insights in any industry in this one-year program.
If you have a bachelor’s degree from UW–Madison with a 3.4 GPA or higher, you are eligible for auto admission to these master’s programs:
MS in Business Analytics
,
MS in Real Estate
, and
MS in Supply Chain Management
.
View all business master's programs
Who can help me with my supply chain major?
Career coach
Use
Starfish
to make an appointment with your career coach.
Princess Vaulx
Career Development Coordinator
princess.vaulx@wisc.edu
Pathway consultant
Blake Bishop
Associate Director
Grainger Center for Supply Chain Management
blake.bishop@wisc.edu