URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/careers
TITLE: Business Careers | Undergraduate | Wisconsin School of Business

Careers
Work with career coaches committed to your future and your goals.
40+ Career Pathways. Take Our Quiz to Find Yours.
Your Path to Success Starts Here
94
of students secure a full-time position within six months of graduation
74,689
average base salary
6,248
average bonus
Data from Class of 2025
Successful Outcomes Across Industries
Select an option
By Major
By Pathway
By Metro
By Major
By Pathway
By Metro
By Major
Major
Employment rate
Hires
Average base salary
Accounting
98%
44
$77,509
Actuarial Science
100%
39
$80,274
Finance, Investment, and Banking
94%
314
$80,903
Information Systems
94%
48
$73,808
Management and Human Resources
92%
96
$65,011
Marketing
92%
210
$64,938
Operations and Technology Management
98%
41
$71,966​
Real Estate
93%
178
$77,114
Risk Management and Insurance
99%
79
$79,457
Supply Chain Management
96%
54
$69,925
Source: Class of 2025
By Career Pathway
Top pathways
Hires
Average base salary
Sales and Business Development
65
$60,801
Corporate Finance
55
$71,601
Real Estate Investments
45
$80,226
Marketing Management
44
$61,701
Management Consulting
43
$82,405
Investment Banking
42
$105,407
Actuarial Science
35
$83,463
Commercial Banking
28
$74,555
Insurance
27
$70,098
Public Accounting
27
$75,831
Real Estate Financing
26
$80,000
Source: Class of 2025
By Metro Area
Metro area
Hires
Average base salary
Chicago, Illinois*
180
$75,716
New York, New York*
119
$89,208
Madison, Wisconsin
80
$63,082
Milwaukee, Wisconsin*
78
$66,917
Twin Cities, Minnesota*
57
$73,663
Los Angeles, California*
18
$81,675
Fox Cities, Wisconsin
13
$58,527
San Francisco, California
11
$93,846
Boston, Massachusetts*
11
$75,826
Denver, Colorado*​
10
$78,357
Austin, Texas*​
9
$74,056
Washington, D.C.​
9
$83,273
Atlanta, Georgia*​
8
$77,091
* indicates previous or planned trek location
Source: Class of 2025
previous slide
next slide
View more career outcomes data
Business is changing. Join the
bold leaders
of tomorrow.
446
companies
hired a WSB graduate for a full-time position
—Class of 2024
No company is off limits. No dream is too big.
Previous card
Next card
Learn about recruiting our students
Every Career Path is Unique—Including Yours
Bella Shim (BBA ’26)
Build a network
Ryan Burnett (BBA ’24)
Prioritize career exploration
Emma Lenz (BBA ’25)
Find the right match
Jonah Giat (BBA ’24)
Achieve your dream
Previous card
Next card
Build a network
Bella considers the Career Engagement Studio essential to her career development. Whether she uses it for résumé reviews, interview prep, or networking guidance, she leaves feeling confident.
By prioritizing career fairs, networking events, and being active in student orgs, Bella is building connections with alumni and real estate professionals—all while deepening her understanding of the industry.
And Bella is taking initiative, leveraging her network to gain real estate experience.
She has participated in mentorship opportunities with real estate professionals and helped solve real-world challenges as an intern with a Chicago developer.
These experiences and her growing skillset are setting her apart in the job market. Next up for Bella is a capital markets intern with the global real estate company JLL.
Advice for students
Get involved.
Join clubs or orgs to gain hands-on experience, take on leadership opportunities, and access a  strong professional network.
And remember to step outside your comfort zone.
“Whether it’s attending a networking event alone, reaching out for a coffee chat, or exploring a new opportunity, you never know what doors will open unless you take that first step.”
Close
Prioritize career exploration
When Ryan first visited the Career Engagement Studio freshman year, he had no way of knowing that’d be the start of a longstanding relationship. One that would help him land a full-time job in finance after graduation.
In his first visit, Ryan spoke with a career coach about the different pathways to a career in finance. Fast-forward and Ryan was back, working with his career coach to find internship opportunities, fine-tune his résumé, and craft solid talking points for interviews.
While at WSB, Ryan explored career opportunities by meeting with employers and alumni. He took advantage of applied learning opportunities. He had several internships in different areas of finance. With each experience, he grew more confident.
Ultimately, Ryan had several full-time job offers.
But navigating the recruitment process and making a decision was overwhelming at times. He asked his career coach for help. The two reviewed and evaluated offers, weighed pros and cons, thought about career progression, and discussed salary.
Ryan made his choice to join General Mills’ leadership development program and the career engagement team was there every step of the way.
Advice for students
Be inquisitive.
Use the career engagement team to your advantage by exploring different career pathways. Take different classes to see if you have other interests. Talk to your classmates and alumni about their experiences in different fields; ask them what their days look like and about the work they do.
Close
Find the right match
Choosing a major can be difficult, but working with a career coach makes it easier.
During her sophomore year, Emma began second-guessing her marketing major. To talk it out, she made her first appointment with a career coach.
Emma’s career coach listened to what her career goals and interests were—consulting, project management, and data analysis. The two explored potential job listings and requirements, helping Emma visualize her future career and discuss how she’d get there.
Right after this first meeting, Emma switched her major to information systems and she hasn’t looked back.
The tailored support didn’t stop there. Emma worked with her career coach to find internships at companies WSB has relationships with. She leveraged those connections, networked, and received résumé, cover letter, and interview guidance to land the right internship.
After Emma graduates, she will be working full-time doing tech consulting at Spaulding Ridge, where she interned.
Advice for students
Take advantage of all the resources the Career Engagement Studio offers.
Building relationships with career coaches and utilizing their support for your long-term career success will have a positive impact.
“All the resources are there for you, they’ll walk you through all of it. I think it was really important because it was definitely how I got my internship. I didn’t know about all the networking you should do.”
Close
Achieve your dream
For Jonah, it was a dream to work for the Ultimate Fighting Championship, one of the most valuable global brands in sports.
A lifelong fan of combat sports, when he saw a job opening in UFC’s Global Partnerships department, he knew this was his shot.
This was the spring semester of senior year. Jonah was already deep into preparations with his career coach, meeting weekly to refine his pitch and prepare for interviews.
“I wanted to make sure that I was ready when the right opportunity came. Working with the Career Engagement team wasn’t just about interview prep—it helped me build confidence in telling my story and proving why I was the right fit.”
When the UFC interview came, he was ready.
He delivered a strong case study, showcased his skills, and proved he could thrive in a high-stakes sports business environment.
And when the offer came? That dream became reality.
Advice for students
Don’t wait until the last minute.
“Take advantage of career resources early, build relationships, and put yourself out there. The extra reps make a huge difference when it’s time for the real thing.”
Close
The next generation of
innovative, compassionate business leaders
includes you.
63
of students were hired full-time where they interned
—Class of 2024
The Business Badger Experience
Adidas Internship
1:45
Corinne Wright (BBA ’25)
New York Career Trek
1:18
Bridget Barry (BBA ’27)
Milwaukee Bucks Internship
1:03
Carlos Bello (BBA ’26)
previous slide
next slide
Explore additional student experiences on the
undergraduate Instagram
.
Take Advantage of Career Services
Meet with a coach for:
Career exploration and assessment
Networking tips
Internship and job search strategies
Résumé/cover letter reviews
Interview preparation and practice
Recruiting preparation
Job-readiness workshops
Job offers and negotiation guidance
64%
of graduates worked with a career coach
—Class of 2025
Make an appointment
Visit us in the Career Engagement Studio
3290 Grainger Hall
The physical hub of career programming. Meet with classmates on projects and participate in mock and real interviews in one of the space’s many breakout rooms.
Open: 9 a.m.–4 p.m. Monday–Friday
Drop-in hours: 1–3 p.m. Monday–Friday
Reach your goals
with career coaching, signature experiences, career fairs, and more.
98
of students agree their next steps align with their career goals
Career Exploration in the Real World
Be among the
more than 300 students
who participate in signature experiences each year.
Career trek
Visit between five and eight companies over two to three days in cities across the U.S. Past locations include Austin, Chicago, Boston, and New York. Twenty undergraduate business students go on each trek. The school covers the cost of lodging and part of your travel.
Job shadow
Experience a company’s day-to-day operations, tour facilities, network, and more through half- or full-day site visits. Past employer participants include Aldi, Alliant Energy, Deloitte, Ernest & Young, Fiskars, Kohler Co., Milwaukee Tool, PwC, Spaulding Ridge, and Uline. Employers host between five and 20 undergraduate business students at a time.
Case competitions
Put your business skills to the test in national case competitions where you solve real-world challenges or case studies. Showcase your analytical, problem-solving, and presentation skills. Competitions include our very own annual Wisconsin Invitational Consulting Case Competition.
Internships
Gain hands-on experience, develop critical skills, and build your professional network. Undergraduate business students intern at top companies across the country. Enhance your résumé and distinguish yourself in the job market.
previous slide
next slide
Meet Our Career Coaches
Kristen Fellhoelter
Career Coach
kristen.fellhoelter@wisc.edu
Ashely Hale
Career Coach
ashely.hale@wisc.edu
Shawn Johnson
Career Coach
shawn.m.johnson@wisc.edu
Taylor Renz
Career Coach
taylor.renz@wisc.edu
Princess Vaulx
Career Coach
princess.vaulx@wisc.edu
Debbie Whitman
Career Coach
debbie.whitman@wisc.edu
Jamie Mickelson
Director of Career Engagement
jamie.mickelson@wisc.edu
Alex Lawver
Assistant Director of Career Engagement
alex.lawver@wisc.edu
Melissa Leffin
Executive Director of Undergraduate Career, Employer, and Pathway Engagement
melissa.leffin@wisc.edu
Previous card
Next card
Student Resources
Career and networking opportunities
Participate in career exploration and development opportunities and networking events hosted by the Wisconsin School of Business. Plus, leverage the University of Wisconsin–Madison
all-campus career and internship fairs
.
Connect with potential employers, explore careers, and meet some of the 50,000+ Business Badger alumni.
Follow
@wisconsinbusinessbadgers
on Instagram to stay up to date on events.
Handshake
Handshake is UW–Madison’s primary recruitment and career event management tool. From Fortune 500s to startups, over 420,000 employers across the country use Handshake to recruit today’s top talent.
Log in with your UW NetID to get started today.
Log in to Handshake
Internship experience credits
WSB students have two options for receiving credit for an internship: General Business 450 or General Business 451.
Learn more about internship credits
Business Career Resources
The Business Career Resources Canvas course has detailed recruiting roadmaps, interview guides, networking tips, and other helpful resources.
Use our
résumé template (DOCX)
and
cover letter template (DOCX)
as a starting point for your application materials.
Enroll in the career resources course
Feitler Family BBA Career Services Fund
A scholarship for undergraduate business students who seek to participate in meaningful, career-oriented experiential learning. The fund helps offset the cost of unpaid or below-market internships, networking events, or other professional development.
Submit a completed application via WiSH to be considered. Applications are reviewed on a monthly basis.
Apply for the scholarship
previous slide
next slide