URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/success-coaching
TITLE: Success Coaching | Wisconsin School of Business

Success Coaching
Partner with success coaches who advocate for you, help you navigate barriers, and define your path to success.
Thrive as a Business Badger
What is success coaching?
Success coaching is a holistic approach to helping you maximize your potential and reach your goals. Learn effective strategies in coaching sessions that run between 30 and 60 minutes.
Who is it for?
Undergraduate business students who are:
seeking academic skill development
facing personal challenges
looking to thrive as a student and professional
in danger of being placed on academic probation
on academic probation
What do you discuss?
These sessions are about you and your success. Sessions have included, but are not limited to, discussing:
coursework
circumstances impacting your progress
goals
study tips and skills
time management
Make an Appointment
Schedule a session with one of our coaches:
Savanna Sun
Student Success Coach
Grainger Hall, Room 3264E
savanna.sun@wisc.edu
Drop-in hours:
11 a.m.–noon Wednesdays (virtual)
1–2 p.m. Thursdays (in-person)
Schedule a session
Ellen Giselle Magdaleno
Student Success Coach
Grainger Hall, Room 3264D
ellen.magdaleno@wisc.edu
Drop-in hours:
1–2 p.m. Mondays (in-person)
1–2 p.m. Tuesdays (virtual)
Schedule a session
Nicole Griffin
Assistant Director of Student Success
Grainger Hall, Room 3264B
nicole.griffin@wisc.edu
No drop-in hours
Schedule a session
Student Success team members also work with instructors, faculty, and staff wishing to discuss a student who might benefit from support. Please contact
successandpolicy@wsb.wisc.edu
to learn more.
Join Us for the Business Math Bridge Program
Late August
Pre-business and direct­ admit students enrolling in the Fall who have placed into pre­-calculus math courses (Math 96 and 112) are encouraged to join us for an opportunity to strengthen their math skills. The program includes:
Specialized math skill development and instruction
Opportunities to engage with business faculty
A subscription to ALEKS, an online math development program
Exposure to business concepts and how math skillsets form a foundation for those ideas
An opportunity to re-take the UW–Madison math placement exam
Please check your wisc.edu email for an invitation to sign up for those who are eligible.
For students living in UW Housing, there will be an additional fee associated with early move-in. Scholarships are available to those who would benefit from financial support—please reach out to us to learn more.
Email
successandpolicy@wsb.wisc.edu
with any questions.
Policies
Navigating Policy
The Student Success and Policy team manages the Wisconsin School of Business’ policies, regulations, and requirements. Team members help you navigate academic policy and can be reached at
successandpolicy@wsb.wisc.edu
.
Learn more about policies and regulations
Petition for Special Consideration
You can request an exception to an academic policy, regulation, or requirement. Approvals are on a case-by-case basis and are dependent on many factors.
Fill out a petition
Resources
At the Wisconsin School of Business and University of Wisconsin–Madison, there are an abundance of resources focused on your education, sense of community, and wellness.
Business Study Cooperative (BSC)
You can find academic support and tutoring resources in core business courses through the Business Study Cooperative.
Learn more about tutoring
Campus Learning Support
As business students, you also have access to campus-wide academic resources that provide tutoring and learning support services.
View campus resources
WSB Multicultural Center
The Multicultural Center supports students from historically underrepresented backgrounds, particularly students of color. This is a space for you to find support and build community.
Visit the Multicultural Center
McBurney Disability Resource Center
If you are a student with a disability, you can receive accommodations from the McBurney Disability Resource Center at UW–Madison.
Visit the McBurney Center
Well-Being Workshops through Recreation & Wellbeing
You will learn information, resources, and strategies to improve well-being from peer wellness educators through these free workshops through Recreation & Wellbeing.
Learn more about workshops
Mental Health Counseling
Participate in counseling or receive additional support either in-person and virtually with Dr. Julie Phillips.
Grainger Hall, Room 3081
Learn more about counseling
Office of Student Assistance and Support
If you are navigating personal, academic, or health issues, you are connected to supportive campus and community resources. The office is also where you can report issues of hate and bias, sexual assault, and hazing.
Learn more about Office of Student Assistance and Support
Basic Needs Resources
Find information about resources for meeting basic needs like food and housing. Connect with a Basic Needs Assistant from the Office of Student Financial Aid.
Learn more about basic needs resources
Business Launch
Join this program designed to support your transition to the university. It begins with a one-day, on-campus experience and continues throughout the academic year.
Cost:
Free
For:
First year, direct-admit undergraduate business students
Learn more or sign up for Business Launch