URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/majors/actuarial-science
TITLE: Actuarial Science Major | Wisconsin School of Business

Actuarial Science Major
What will I learn as an actuarial science major?
Core principles
Learn to use mathematics, statistics, and data analytics tools to make decisions by assessing the
risks and financial consequences of future events.
In-demand skills
Analyze data to find solutions. Build skills in
pricing insurance
products,
evaluating liabilities
, and communicating complex topics.
Advanced concepts
Explore how advanced analytics, software, and programming intersect to
solve complex problems
and
drive strategic decision-making
.
View actuarial science major requirements
Named a National Center of Actuarial Excellence
—Society of Actuaries (2009 to present)
Designated a University Earned Credit (UEC) Program
—Society of Actuaries (2022 to present)
What’s the actuarial science major experience?
Top left:
Actuarial Club attend a Wisconsin Badgers volleyball game.
Top right and bottom:
Business Badgers tour the headquarters of TruStage in Madison, Wisconsin. Students explored actuarial science careers, met with company leaders, and learned about daily operations.
Photo credits: Actuarial Club and Wisconsin School of Business
Top left:
Actuarial Club attend a Wisconsin Badgers volleyball game.
Bottom left and right:
Business Badgers tour the headquarters of TruStage in Madison, Wisconsin. Students explored actuarial science careers, met with company leaders, and learned about daily operations.
Photo credits: Actuarial Club and Wisconsin School of Business
There’s nothing like the Business Badger experience. See more on the
undergraduate Instagram page
.
Average Starting Salary for Actuarial Science Majors
80,247
—Class of 2025
Employment Rate
100
of actuarial science majors secure a full-time position within six months of graduation
—Class of 2025
Companies That Hire Wisconsin Actuarial Science Majors
What are popular actuarial science jobs?
Actuarial analyst
Actuarial assistant
Business analyst
Common Actuarial Science Career Path
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Actuarial science
Actuarial science applies mathematical and statistical methods to assess the liabilities and risks a company faces when it offers an insurance product or pension plan.
Actuary
: Actuaries are experts in evaluating the likelihood of future events, designing creative ways to reduce the likelihood of undesirable events, and decreasing the impact of undesirable events that do happen. Most actuaries work in the risk management and insurance industry or as consultants related to risk management and insurance.
Actuarial skills and techniques are valuable in non-insurance applications—anywhere business analytics can be used to make informed business decisions. Common areas include:
Health insurance
: Actuaries help develop health insurance policies for individuals and groups by estimating life expectancy using factors such as family history, geographic location, and occupation.
Life insurance
: Actuaries help develop life insurance policies for individuals and groups by estimating life expectancy using factors such as age, gender, and tobacco use.
Pension and retirement benefits
: Actuaries evaluate company pension plans to ensure they are appropriately funded in the future. They also help companies develop retirement benefit plans such as health care and 401(k) plans.
Enterprise risk management
: Actuaries help organizations identify, monitor, and manage risk to achieve their objectives.
Predictive analytics (big data)
: Actuaries analyze large data sets using modeling and data analysis techniques to find predictive patterns and relevant business uses.
Certificates Commonly Paired With an Actuarial Science Major
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Consulting
For jobs such as actuarial consultant, pension actuary, health care actuarial consultant, insurance risk consultant, employee benefits consultant, and investment consultant.
View the consulting certificate
Data Science
For jobs such as risk analyst, actuarial data scientist, predictive modeler, and insurance data scientist.
View the data science certificate
Mathematics
For jobs such as actuary, quantitative analyst, mathematical risk analyst, pension actuary, insurance pricing actuary, and financial engineer.
View the mathematics certificate
Statistics
For jobs such as actuary, data scientist, and quantitative analyst.
View the statistics certificate
View all certificates
Applied Learning Opportunities
Job shadows
Experience a company’s day-to-day operations, tour facilities, network, and more through half- or full-day site visits. Among past employer participants are TruStage and Wakely. Employers host between five and 20 undergraduate business students at a time.
Case competitions
Put your business skills to the test in national case competitions where you solve real-world challenges or case studies. Showcase your analytical, problem-solving, and presentation skills. Competitions have been sponsored by the Society of Actuaries, the University of Texas at Dallas, Travelers Insurance, Munich Re, and other companies.
On-campus events
Attend employer coffee chats, industry panels, career fairs, and workshops to grow your network and sharpen your skills. Events have been hosted by the Actuarial Club and Co-Curricular Learning Board, a collaboration between insurance organizations and the Wisconsin School of Business. Direct access to recruiters and alumni opens doors to internships and full-time positions.
previous slide
next slide
Actuarial Science Student Organization
Actuarial Club
Popular Master’s Program for Actuarial Science Majors
MS in Business Analytics
Excel in a data-driven business world. Harness the power of data to address complex questions and contribute strategic insights in any industry in this one-year program.
If you have a bachelor’s degree from UW–Madison with a 3.4 GPA or higher, you are eligible for auto admission to these master’s programs:
MS in Business Analytics
,
MS in Real Estate
, and
MS in Supply Chain Management
.
View all business master's programs
Who can help me with my actuarial science major?
Career coach
Use
Starfish
to make an appointment with your career coach.
Shawn Johnson
Career Coach
shawn.m.johnson@wisc.edu
Pathway consultant
Kirk Peter
Distinguished Teaching Faculty III
kirk.peter@wisc.edu