URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/diversity-inclusion
TITLE: Undergraduate Diversity & Inclusion | Wisconsin School of Business

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Add your unique background, talents, and interests to our community
At the Wisconsin School of Business, we embrace diversity, equity, and inclusion at our core. We commit to fostering an inclusive culture that values differences and erases inequities. We support diversity in our undergraduate student body, including but not limited to race, ethnicity, socioeconomic status, gender identity, sexual orientation, and intellectual differences.
Celebrating the authentic you
We want you to bring your full self to the Wisconsin undergraduate business program and inject what makes you, you into the fabric of our community. Our School celebrates each student’s uniqueness, and we grow as a richer, more dynamic institution because of our diverse students.
Support for your future
As you build your Business Badger experience, you will be supported by a team of outstanding faculty and staff whose goals are to give you skills to be the type of inclusive, ethical, and collaborative leader the world needs.
Build Empathy, Explore Curiosity, and Find Purpose Through Co-Curricular Opportunities
Inclusive Leadership Badge
Students who complete this badge will be prepared to work in an inclusive environment that values all voices and ensures fair and consistent opportunities for all. The badge will count toward UW–Madison’s leadership certificate.
Learn more about Business Badger Badges
WSB Multicultural Center
The Multicultural Center provides intentional space and support for students from historically underrepresented backgrounds, helping to build an inclusive community and foster a sense of belonging in the School.
Learn more about the WSB Multicultural Center
Student Organization Inclusive Leadership Council
This council is committed to supporting student organization leaders in developing inclusive spaces that create a positive school culture. Every business student org is invited to send a leadership representative to engage in and lead this council. The council is advised by the Leadership & Engagement Team and run by your student body government Wisconsin Undergraduate Business Council (UBC).
Learn more about business student orgs
Undergraduate Affinity Groups
Our groups bring students together over common identities, fostering connections within WSB and
the Multicultural Center
. These groups provide a welcoming home for students seeking shared experiences. Students find support and belonging in a vibrant community space through discussions and activities.
Embracing Diversity and Learning From Each Other
The business case for diversity
Interacting with people from different backgrounds and with different experiences, viewpoints, and ideas strengthens your business education.
Employers are looking for new hires who can function well on diverse teams; who see the values of equity and inclusion as central to their workplace and not secondary. The bottom-line impact of diversity, equity, and inclusion on productivity, innovation, and employee satisfaction makes it a priority for companies.
Inclusion embedded in academics
Wisconsin undergraduate business students are exposed to the principles of inclusion early in their academic career.
The topics of identity, diversity, inclusive leadership, and unconscious bias are introduced to each entering class as part of the required Personal and Professional Foundations in Business course.
Student Organizations Promote Diversity
A variety of student organizations build cross-cultural awareness and contribute to a climate of inclusion.
Multicultural Business Student Association
MBSA is a student organization on campus for pre-business, business, and business-inclined undergraduate students from diverse backgrounds.
MBSA connects students with internship and career opportunities with leading companies. The student-led organization offers guest speakers, résumé and interviewing workshops, leadership opportunities, socials, programs that give back, and exposure to multicultural events across campus.
Learn more about MBSA
More identity-based student orgs to explore at WSB
Diverse Leaders for Tomorrow
Korean Business Student Association
Women in Real Estate
Women in Business
Women in Finance and Accounting
Diversity & Advocacy Resources
Wisconsin undergraduate business students have access to a wide range of resources and organizations on the UW–Madison campus and within WSB that promote diversity and provide advocacy services.
Julie Duffstein
Director of Undergraduate Leadership and Engagement
Undergraduate Program Office
julie.duffstein@wisc.edu
Arturo Tito Diaz
Director of the Multicultural Center
Undergraduate Program Office
arturo.diaz@wisc.edu
Sirinda Pairin
Engagement and Communications Manager
Human Resources Workforce Relations
sirinda.pairin@wisc.edu
Other on-campus resources
Campus Inclusive Excellence
Support for APIDA students
Supporting DACA recipients
Support for Black students
Supporting LGBTQ+ students
Resources for white allies
Report a bias incident
Division of Diversity, Equity & Educational Achievement
Office of Inclusion Education