URL: https://business.wisc.edu/undergraduate/majors/risk-management-insurance
TITLE: Risk Management and Insurance Major | Wisconsin School of Business

Risk Management and Insurance Major
What will I learn as a risk management and insurance major?
Core principles
Learn to
identify, assess,
and
manage risks.
Use data and frameworks to analyze and evaluate potential outcomes and make informed decisions.
In-demand skills
Build
data analysis
, critical thinking, and problem solving skills. Gain expertise to
evaluate risk
, clearly explain insights, and reach conclusions.
Advanced concepts
Address cyber risks
, evaluate sustainability, measure performance and risk,
create financing strategies
, and
analyze insurance contracts.
View risk and insurance major requirements
3
best undergraduate insurance program
—
U.S. News & World Report, 2026
What’s the risk management and insurance major experience?
RMI Chicago Career Trek
0:14
Risk + Insurance students
Chicagoland Risk Forum
0:30
Risk + Insurance students
Day in the Life of a RMI Student
0:37
Mariah Nett (BBA ’27)
previous slide
next slide
There’s nothing like the Business Badger experience. See more on the
undergraduate Instagram page
.
Average Starting Salary for Risk Management and Insurance Majors
79,457
—Class of 2025
Employment Rate
99
of risk management and insurance majors secure a full-time position within six months of graduation
—Class of 2025
Companies That Hire Wisconsin Risk Management and Insurance Majors
What are popular risk management and insurance jobs?
Advisory associate
Commercial underwriter
Credit analyst
Insurance broker
Product manager
Reinsurance underwriter
Risk consulting
Risk manager
Common Risk Management and Insurance Career Paths
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Corporate risk management
Risk managers:
Risk managers are responsible for allocating an organization’s resources to maximize value in the face of uncertainty. They balance the strategic upside and potential downside of risk. Risk managers analyze strategic, legal, financial, technological, ESG, operational, and reputational risks and advise leaders on how to navigate them. They use strong communication skills to explain an organization’s risk-related goals to various stakeholders—from the board of directors and executives to employees.
Insurance
Insurance injects capital into the economy by absorbing risk efficiently and effectively. Without it, businesses couldn’t launch, employees couldn’t be hired, and people couldn’t buy homes. Insurers accept risk from policyholders, including businesses, organizations, or individuals. The insurance industry offers a variety of opportunities. Some include product innovation within emerging cyber and climate change risks, venture capital investment, and adopting new technology to improve how risk is assessed.
Traditional roles involve commercial underwriting, product development, and strategy. Related roles can be found in real estate, finance, accounting, and marketing.
Underwriters:
Underwriting controls risk while generating profits through policy sales and premiums. Underwriters review and analyze insurance applications to determine the risk for the insurance company and recommend whether to provide coverage. They also recommend coverage amounts and premiums. Underwriters use software to make data-informed decisions and then write policies based on their findings.
Brokers and consultants:
Brokers and consultants work with clients to identify and address business risks. This includes risk assessment and analysis, compliance and regulatory support, crisis management and contingency planning, and risk mitigation and transfer recommendations. For brokers, it involves annual placement and negotiation of insurance products to transfer their client’s risk as well as support during loss events. The work depends on the industry and client needs but always involves working with stakeholders to identify critical risks and create strategies that protect the organization.
Management consulting – specialist
Consultants:
Consultants advise people working in professional or technical fields. They examine organizations, identify areas for improvement, and propose ways to create change. Both large and boutique consulting firms hire specialists who focus on specific practice areas or industries. These niche areas require a higher level of expertise, and people in these roles are often referred to as subject matter experts. Consultants in this pathway follow a more focused and specialized track while still serving a variety of clients.
Risk consultants:
Risk consultants work with brokers to obtain insurance coverage for their clients. They determine potential loss exposures, identify existing controls, and recommend additional loss control programs and activities that help clients increase their safety awareness and maintain or improve their ability to reduce or prevent losses.
Certificate Commonly Paired With a Risk Management and Insurance Major
Expand all
|
Collapse all
Consulting
For jobs such as cybersecurity risk consultant, enterprise risk management consultant, financial risk consultant, insurance risk consultant, operational risk consultant, and risk management consultant.
View the consulting certificate
View all certificates
Applied Learning Opportunities
Career treks
Visit between five and eight companies over two to three days in cities across the U.S. Past locations include Chicago and Minneapolis. Past employers include AIG, Aon, Gallagher Re, Marsh Risk, and Travelers Insurance. Twenty undergraduate business students go on each trek. The school covers the cost of lodging and part of your travel.
Job shadows
Experience a company’s day-to-day operations, tour facilities, network, and more through half- or full-day site visits. Past employer participants include Church Mutual Insurance and Erie Insurance. Employers host between five and 20 undergraduate business students at a time.
Case competitions
Put your business skills to the test in national case competitions where you solve real-world challenges or case studies. Showcase your analytical, problem-solving, and presentation skills. Competitions have included the Deloitte Foundation Cyber Threat Competition, Global Insurance Symposium Student Case Study Competition, RISC Summit and Innovation Challenge, and the Spencer–RIMS Student Risk Management Challenge.
On-campus events
Attend industry panels, speaker events, Risk Management and Insurance Society (RIMS) socials, and the annual Risk and Insurance Career Fair. Events are hosted by RIMS at UW–Madison,
Co-curricular Learning Board
, and the Department of Risk and Insurance. Direct access to recruiters and alumni helps you learn about industries and opens doors to internships and full-time positions.
previous slide
next slide
Risk Management and Insurance Student Organizations
Risk Management and Insurance Society at UW–Madison
Co-curricular Learning Board
Popular Master’s Program for Risk Management and Insurance Majors
MS in Business Analytics
Excel in a data-driven business world. Harness the power of data to address complex questions and contribute strategic insights in any industry in this one-year program.
If you have a bachelor’s degree from UW–Madison with a 3.4 GPA or higher, you are eligible for auto admission to these master’s programs:
MS in Business Analytics
,
MS in Real Estate
, and
MS in Supply Chain Management
.
View all business master's programs
Who can help me with my risk management and insurance major?
Career coach
Use
Starfish
to make an appointment with your career coach.
Shawn Johnson
Career coach
shawn.m.johnson@wisc.edu
Pathway consultant
Carl Barlett
Risk Management and Insurance Program Director
barlett@wisc.edu