URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/magazine/poole-college-welcomes-new-undergraduate-class-for-fall-2023
TITLE: Meet Poole's New Undergraduate Class | Poole Business Magazine

Student and Alumni Success
Meet Poole’s New Undergraduate Class
Over 1,000 incoming undergraduate students walked through Nelson Hall on Aug. 21 to kick off the fall semester. Meet our newest class of students.
September 22, 2023
2-min. read
On August 21, Poole College of Management welcomed 543 students, including more than 220 transfer students, into Nelson Hall for the fall semester.
“We’re thrilled to extend a warm welcome to our newest group of students,” says Tedd Szeto, assistant dean of undergraduate programs. “Their outstanding academic qualifications and diverse backgrounds promise to enrich our vibrant community of scholars, fostering meaningful interactions both inside and outside the classroom.”
Student Spotlights
Isabella Lerma Rios
Business Administration
Italian Minor
Isabella Lerma Rios is a first-year student joining Poole College from Piedmont Community Charter High School in Gastonia, North Carolina. Originally from Cali, Colombia, Isabella chose to attend Poole College for the International Business Dual Degree Program. “This program will enable me to pursue my bachelor’s degree in business administration, gain valuable internship experience, earn an additional degree from a partner institution, and even learn a new language, all while studying abroad,” Rios says.
Isabella is excited to get to know her peers and to learn more about different organizations at NC State. She plans to join the Association of Latino Professionals For America, the SubeRitmo Latin Dance Team, Women in Business and Mi Familia.
Peyton Shaheen
Business Administration
Raleigh native Peyton Shaheen is a sophomore who transferred from within NC State to the Poole College of Management. When asked about her decision to choose Poole College, she says, “I wanted to be surrounded by like-minded students and faculty who are confident, outgoing, and driven. I also really appreciate the expansive networking opportunities available to students, as well as the challenging, yet rewarding coursework that comes with being in Poole.”
Peyton is looking forward to taking business marketing courses and attending the Poole College Career Fair with hopes of determining potential career paths. Outside the classroom, Peyton is the founder and president of the Celtic Wolves Irish Dance Club at NC State and hopes to join the Poole Ambassadors program.
Jude Lomax
Accounting
Business Administration
Jude Lomax is a first-year student from Ashbrook High School in Gastonia, North Carolina, who chose to attend the Poole College of Management because of the wide range of accounting programs available at both the undergraduate and graduate levels.
“Every faculty and staff member is dedicated to helping you achieve excellence, offering numerous opportunities to explore the business world,” he says.  “I’m looking forward to attending career fairs and applying what I learn from my classes into internships that I’ll discover through Poole College.”
Jude plans to join the Accounting Society, Spanish Club and IT affinity groups.
Categories:
Student and Alumni Success