URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/advising/about-advising
TITLE: About Advising | Office of Undergraduate Programs

About Advising
Student Responsibilities
Advisor Responsibilities
Acquaint yourself with the Poole Advising Team.
Check your university email account (yourunityid@ncsu.edu) regularly for updates from the Advising Team and Poole College of Management.
Schedule and keep appointments with Advising Team.
Come to appointments prepared with any required forms, paperwork, and questions.
Monitor your Degree Audit to track your progress toward graduation. Contact the Advising Team if you find problems.
Seek assistance as soon as a problem arises. Do not wait!
Clarify college and university policies and procedures.
Provide an overview of the curriculum, major, and minor options.
Help students develop academic and career goals.  Assist students with methods for working through academic issues.
Role model professional behavior for students.
Make referrals to university support services (tutoring, counseling, etc.).
Advising Calendar
August
Fall semester begins
Extended Drop-In Advising Hours (First week of class)
Poole Party – Poole Student Organization Fair
September
Labor Day Holiday
Census Date
Academic Difficulty meetings
Poole College of Management Career Fair
October
Advising for Spring and Summer Semester Begins (By Appointment and Online)
Fall Break
Spring and Summer Class Schedule posted
Last day to drop a course or change grading status in MyPack (Dropping below 12 hours requires advisor permission)
Enrollment for Spring and Summer Semester begins
November & December
Thanksgiving Holiday
Final Exams
Fall Commencement
Winter Break – University Closed
January
Spring Semester begins
Census Date
Extended Drop-In Advising Hours (First week of class)
Martin Luther King, Jr. Holiday
Academic Difficulty Meetings
February
Poole College of Management Career Fair
March
Spring Break
Last day to drop a course or change grading status in MyPack (Dropping below 12 hours requires advisor permission)
Summer & Fall Class Schedules posted
Advising for Fall Semester Begins (By Appointment & Online)
Enrollment for the Fall Semester begins
April
Spring Holiday
Beta Gamma Sigma Inductions
Final Exams
May
Final Exams
Spring Commencement
Summer Session I begins