URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/first-year
TITLE: First-Year Admission | Office of Undergraduate Programs

First-Year Admission
The Poole College of Management undergraduate degree programs build upon a strong foundation of general education courses and offer opportunities for students to engage in technology-rich practical experiences.
Request information
Prepare to Apply
We’ve provided an inside look at our application review to help you plan to be competitive for admission at NC State.
Learn more
Dates and Deadlines
With both spring and fall admission, you can apply when you are ready.
Learn more
Connect with Us
Attend Poole information sessions, visit NC State campus in-person or virtually, and email us for additional questions.
Learn more
Poole College of Management Welcomes New Students
Incoming freshmen come from 66 counties across North Carolina, and 22 states.
Countries include Azerbaijan, China, Columbia and Rwanda.
Less than 50% of students submitted test scores.
Average SAT: 1340
Average ACT: 27
Average weighted GPA: 4.35
Learn More
explore our majors and featured programs
Accounting
Bachelor of Science in Accounting
Business Administration
Concentrations in Entrepreneurship, Finance, Human Resource Management, Information Technology, Marketing, and Operations and Supply Chain Management.
Economics
Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science degree options.
Management First-Year
All first-year Poole students enter the college as Management First-Year students where they have the opportunity to take courses in a variety of business disciplines and receive academic advising before choosing a major.
Global Programs
Explore real business happening in an ever-changing global economy.
Business Analytics Honors
The program offers select Poole undergraduate students additional preparation for careers in the high-demand field of business analytics.
Resources
Admitted Students
Admitted students are encouraged to participate in our admitted student events. Invitations for these events are sent via email to the address the student used to apply to NC State.
Credit Opportunities
Students can jump-start their college careers by acquiring pre-enrollment credits. This credit can be granted by achieving high scores on Advanced Placement (AP), College Level Examination Program (CLEP), and International Baccalaureate (IB) exams.
Contact Us
If you need additional information or have a question, send us an email at
poole_admissions@ncsu.edu
and a member of our undergraduate programs staff will send you a response.