URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/student-life/poole-pathways
TITLE: Poole Packways | Office of Undergraduate Programs

Poole Packways
Get the most out of your Poole experience. Poole Packways can help you navigate your own unique journey by finding, documenting and reflecting on high-impact experiences at Poole.
With so many choices in and outside the classroom, it can be hard to figure out the best way to build key skills and create your own brand during college. Poole Packways is designed to help guide you by providing
structure and a way to track and showcase experiences
in six important competency areas that the college and employers know are important.
Each area is different as students decide how to engage during their time at Poole. Track your progress and share what you want in your digital portfolio.
All experiences are tied to the core competencies:
Personal Development
Understanding and creating individual identities, understanding and working with others’ identities, and pursuing personal growth.
Problem Solving
Apply critical thinking and problem-solving skills to data analysis and future planning.
Global Mindset
Demonstrate an awareness of and familiarity with global business concepts and practices and recognize and appreciate cultural differences.
Social Responsibility
Define, identify concerns with, and formulate appropriate responses related to issues of social responsibility.
Communication
Organize and express ideas and apply them in real-world situations.
Knowledge Application
Demonstrate and apply discipline-specific knowledge and skills inside and outside the classroom.
Why Should I Participate?
Competency skills are equally as important as a student’s GPA in the hiring process.
Competencies are based on what employers are looking for when hiring.
The digital portfolio helps you reflect on your engagement with your employers in an easy way.
The digital portfolio helps you organize and plan high-impact experiences at Poole and NC State.
Access your Poole Packways
dashboard and start your journey to a high-impact experience.
Questions?
Questions? Email us at poole_undergrad@ncsu.edu