URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/academic-resources
TITLE: Academic Resources | Office of Undergraduate Programs

Academic Resources
Find the resources you need to succeed in Poole College and at NC State.
Support, From Registration to Graduation
As you navigate your academic journey at NC State, you’ll have questions. We want to help you find the answers.
Here, you’ll find resources from the college and across NC State to help you take your next academic steps. Whether you’re registering for courses, preparing for graduation, reviewing our policies or just learning more about our academic focus, we can connect you with the information you need. If you can’t find it here, contact your advisor or another member of the
Poole College undergraduate staff
.
Explore Academics
Learning Outcomes
Learn about our academic focus and goals in the Poole College of Management.
Registration and Enrollment
Get the information you need to enroll and register for courses each semester.
Policies
Get to know the academic policies you’ll follow throughout your time in Poole College.
Graduation
Find out what you need to know and do to prepare for graduation.
Opportunities for Non-Majors
Learn what academic opportunities are available for students with majors outside our college.
Majors and Minors
Explore the majors and minors that we offer in Poole College.
Access University Resources
MyPack Portal
Enrich Your Education
Go beyond your classes with programs in our college that deepen your learning, grow your cultural awareness and understanding, build your interdisciplinary knowledge or hone your leadership skills.
Honors Programs
Challenge yourself and enrich your learning through one of our specialized honors programs.
Learn More
Global Programs
Prepare to thrive in today’s highly interconnected marketplace by participating in our global learning opportunities.
Learn More
Dual Degree Programs
Broaden your knowledge and experience by pairing a Poole College degree with other courses of study at NC State.
Learn More
25+ Professional Full-Time Staff
Dedicated support staff throughout the college, including a team of full-time academic advisors, will help you define and reach your academic goals.
Learn about advising