URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/about
TITLE: About | Office of Undergraduate Programs

About
In the Poole College of Management, undergraduates think and do every day as they prepare for exciting, future-focused careers.
Thinking, Doing, Growing
Business leaders begin here. The
nationally recognized
Poole College of Management is the perfect launching pad for the future.
Undergraduates spend their first year exploring areas of study in the college before choosing one of our
major programs
in accounting, business administration or economics
. A wide variety of minors and concentrations in areas including business analytics, entrepreneurship, finance, human resources, information technology, marketing, and operations and supply chain management allow you to sharpen your focus or gain exposure to areas outside your major.
Students apply their knowledge through practicum courses, internships, case studies, international programs and leadership opportunities. Our faculty are award-winning experts in their fields, and many bring years of professional experience — and a passion for student success — to their teaching. The result:
knowledgeable, creative-thinking, globally focused graduates
who are ready for whatever path they choose.
No. 1 in Entrepreneurship in the Southeast
NC State is ranked No. 1 in the Southeast for both undergraduate and graduate entrepreneurship programs and at No. 15 nationally by
The Princeton Review
and
Entrepreneur
magazine in 2022.
Read about the rankings
undergraduate academics
Majors and Minors
Explore our three major areas, as well as minors and concentrations to help make your education your own.
Advising
We support you every step of the way through your time in Poole College to help you achieve your goals.
Admissions
Can you see yourself here? Find out how you can join our thriving community.
Career Ready
Top employers who want to find the best future leaders come to Poole College.
More than 200 employers
recruit at Poole College each year, for internships, full-time jobs and other professional experiences. This is because they know they’ll find well-rounded employees who bring an entrepreneurial mindset and outstanding analytical skills to everything they do.
Our college offers unique
career services
to help students build confidence and skills, select a professional path, and take the first steps along it, including a dedicated Career Center, career fairs, employer days, individual career coaching, practice interviews, workshops and other resources. And our strong relationships with local, national and international employers mean we can help you make connections that set you up for long-term success.
Our graduates land
exciting careers
with top-tier companies like Amazon, Bank of America, Deloitte and
SAS
; successful small businesses like Capital Investment Companies, Personify, Cloud Giants and Three Ships; or their own thriving entrepreneurial ventures.
80% of Students
participate in an internship or co-op experience before graduation
Explore our career services
undergraduate news
More News
April 24, 2026
Meet Poole’s Student Commencement Speaker Makayla Richardson
The NC State double-major and accomplished student leader will deliver remarks to her fellow graduates at Poole College's May 9 undergraduate commencement ceremony.
April 22, 2026
Poole College Congratulates Spring 2026 Student-Athlete Graduates
As they prepare to turn their tassels on May 9, four student-athletes share their unique journeys through Poole College.
April 21, 2026
Putting Accounting Skills to Work for the Community
Through the HIE mini-grant program, faculty member Mary Newman is expanding hands-on learning with an accounting nonprofit practicum that connects students with organizations across North Carolina to solve real-world problems.
A Supportive Community
Poole College isn’t just a place to learn; it’s a place to grow a strong personal identity and meaningful relationships with others.
Students build community
outside the classroom through participation in student organizations, events, global programs and leadership opportunities. No matter your interests, background or identity,
all are welcome here
.
Our
more than 3,600 undergraduate students
come to our college from high schools, other NC State colleges and other institutions of higher learning. They all come together in Nelson Hall, our college’s home, to study, collaborate on projects, meet with potential employers or just hang out. We even have
our own coffee shop
for when you need a boost.
If you want to know more about us, we want to meet you. Explore our site, or reach out to us to learn more about undergraduate education in Poole College.
Contact Us
3,600+ Undergraduates
Our students hail from 20+ states and 10+ countries.
Get to know our students
100+ Faculty
Our faculty are thought leaders and field-tested experts with enduring ties to the world of business.
Meet our faculty
23 Full-Time Support Staff
Dedicated and talented staff members throughout the college are committed to supporting students.
View our staff directory