URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/advising/frequently-asked-questions
TITLE: Frequently Asked Questions | Office of Undergraduate Programs

Frequently Asked Questions
Academic Policies and Grading
How do I change the grading status of my course?
Changing a course’s grading status is referred to as “editing” a course. You can view the
Changing to Pass/Fail Graphic
(Google Doc opens in a new tab) to view instructions on how to edit a course. Please note that all courses, except Physical Education, and up to 12 hours of Free Electives must be taken for a grade to satisfy degree requirements.
What is a C-Wall course? How can I determine which courses have a minimum grade requirement?
To see the courses in your degree that have minimum grade requirements, check your degree audit. Each class with this requirement will have an indication below the course title. Not all major requirement courses have a minimum grade requirement. (Additionally, some courses may indicate a minimum grade requirement when it is clicked in the degree audit.)
How do grade exclusions work? If I use one of my grade exclusions on a course, do I still have to retake the course?
You should meet with the Poole Advising Team before applying grade exclusions.
You can use up to two grade exclusions for any class where you received a grade of C- or below. If the excluded class is fulfilling a specific major requirement, you will need to retake it. If it’s a GEP or a free elective, you can either retake it or choose a different class to fill that spot. Please make sure to apply for your exclusions before you officially apply for graduation.
A grade exclusion will remove a grade of C- or lower from your GPA; however, the original grade will remain on your transcript with a notation stating “Grade excluded from GPA.”
You can learn more about this policy by visiting the
Grade Exclusion Policy webpage
(opens in a new tab).
Which courses can I take as S/U (also known as credit only or pass/fail)?
You can take up to 12 hours of Free Electives and your Physical Education courses on a S/U basis. All other courses must be taken for a letter grade to satisfy your degree requirements.
When is the deadline to drop a course without a “W grade”?
To ensure timely progress to degree completion, students should make every effort to successfully complete the courses in which they are enrolled. In some cases, it may be in the student’s best interest to withdraw from a course.
The deadline to drop a course without receiving a “W” is the Census Date for each semester, which can be found on the
Academic Calendar webpage
(opens in a new tab). If you have any questions about this process, please contact the Poole Advising Team.
Can I complete my major before I complete my minor(s)? Can I complete one major before the other if I have double majors?
Minors must be completed before or at the same time as major requirements. Students pursuing additional academic programs (e.g., completing a minor or double major) should plan their coursework to ensure that at least one course from each program remains in their final semester. This will ensure that students are eligible for financial aid and scholarships.
If you have any questions about your eligibility for financial aid or scholarships, contact your assigned counselor. Their contact information is listed on the
Scholarships and Financial Aid webpage
(opens in a new tab).
What determines my Class Standing? (Freshman, Sophomore, Junior, Senior)
Undergraduate degree students are classified according to the number of credit hours they have completed. You can learn more on the
Classification of Undergraduate Degree Students policy webpage
(opens in a new tab).
What determines full-time enrollment status?
The minimum credits required for full-time status is 12 credits.
Is there a limit on how many credits I can transfer in?
Yes. There are limits to the number of credits you can transfer in for your degree. These are called residency requirements. You can learn more by visiting the
Poole College Policies webpage
(opens in a new tab)
If you have questions about residency requirement policies, please connect with the Poole Advising Team
Degree Audit and Requirements
Which classes should I register for?
First, students should run a degree audit to understand which requirements have not been met. The
Perform a Degree Audit webpage
(opens in a new tab) may be helpful for students who need a refresher on navigating their audit.
Second, students should review their major using
Enhanced Semester Sequences
(Google Sheet opens in a new tab) for more information on sequencing and more.
Although Poole degrees are somewhat flexible, students should pay special attention to the timing recommendations (column F) and critical path courses, indicated by ** in column A.
On average, students should plan to take 15-16 credit hours each semester to stay on track for timely graduation. For long-term planning, students are encouraged to use their Pack Planner to plan their courses through graduation. You can learn more by visiting the
Pack Planner webpage
(opens in new tab). Students who would like assistance with long-term planning are encouraged to schedule an appointment with the Poole Advising Team.
How do I send in transfer credit (IB, AP or college credits) to NC State?
You can find detailed instructions for sending in credits on the
College Credit Opportunities webpage
(opens in a new tab).
The process to get this on your degree audit can take several weeks, but you should expect to see it about a month after your transcripts are sent. If you do not see it noted there, you will need to contact the Undergraduate Admissions Office to ensure they have received your transcripts. You can also ask them about processing time.
If I receive an unsatisfactory grade in a course, can I retake it at another school and have the credit transferred back to NC State?
Yes, you can retake the course at another institution and have the credit transferred over. Transfer courses must be taken for a letter grade and meet the minimum grade requirement for your degree. Please note that transfer credits with a D+ grade or lower are not accepted by the university. Please email
pooleadvising@ncsu.edu
if you plan to take a course outside of NC State.
What counts as free electives?
Free and advised electives are a wonderful opportunity to lend breadth and depth to your degree, explore a subject that you are interested in, study abroad, or pursue a minor. To learn more about minors, you can visit the
University Catalog
(opens in a new tab). Please review the
list of courses not eligible to count towards free electives
(JPEG opens in a new tab).
A course is not located in the correct spot in my degree audit, what should I do?
To review your situation, please email the Poole Advising team at
poole_advising@ncsu.edu
.
How can courses double count for degree requirements?
“Verify” requirements may count for degree requirements. For example, a course that fulfills your Ethics requirement could potentially fulfill Ethics and Humanities or Ethics and Free Electives, if you have space available.
Some courses may double-count for another academic program. Students can review their degree audits to identify these opportunities.
Are there classes that I need to take in a specific order?
Please refer to the
Enhanced Semester Sequences
(Google Sheet opens in a new tab) for more information.
Can I make substitutions for courses on my degree audit?
Potential course substitutions are reviewed on a case-by-case basis. You should first speak with a member of the Poole Advising Team. If your request is appropriate, you will be given additional instructions.
How close am I to graduation? Am I on track to graduate?
The total units button at the top of your degree audit will display how many credits are remaining in your major.
The most reliable way to ensure you’re on track to graduate is to complete your Pack Planner and submit it for advisor approval. You should update and resubmit it any time your plans change. Instructions can be found on the
Pack Planner webpage
(opens in new tab).
Financial Aid and Funding
I have a question about financial aid and scholarships. Who do I contact?
If you have any questions about your eligibility for financial aid or scholarships, contact your assigned counselor. Their contact information is listed on the
Scholarships and Financial Aid Staff webpage
(opens in a new tab).
Graduation and Timelines
Can I participate/walk in the graduation ceremony if I have remaining coursework to complete?
The University ceremony recognizes the entire graduating class and requires all coursework to be completed. In contrast, the Poole ceremony offers individual recognition as students walk across the stage and may allow participation for those with up to 9 units remaining for the subsequent term. For further details, please refer to the
University Commencement webpage
(opens in a new tab) or the
Poole College Participation Policy webpage
(opens in a new tab).
How do I prepare for graduation when I’m about to complete my degree?
Preparing for graduation involves several key steps beyond finishing your coursework. First, you must submit your graduation application via MyPack by the early-semester deadline, ensuring any grade exclusions are applied beforehand. While optional, you may attend both the University Commencement for a broad celebration and the Poole College Commencement for individual recognition on stage. Note that the Poole ceremony requires an RSVP and guest tickets, and all participants must purchase regalia through Wolfpack Outfitters. Diplomas are mailed 4–6 weeks after the semester concludes.
For further details, please refer to the
University Commencement FAQ webpage
(opens in a new tab), the
Poole Participation Policy webpage
(opens in a new tab), or the
Wolfpack Outfitters Graduation webpage
(opens in a new tab).
Major, Minor, Concentration
How do I add a Second (double) Major?
To add a second major within Poole, students must meet with an advisor to discuss their goals.
To add a second major outside of Poole, students must complete the CODA admission process. Students can use this link to the
Change of Degree Application (CODA) webpage
(opens in a new tab) to learn more about the requirements for their intended major. We refer students to University Advising’s CODA resources and services for help. They can assist with CODA admission questions, application questions, and course enrollment for CODA requirements. Visit the
Change of Major Drop-In Advising webpage
(opens in a new tab) for more on advising opportunities.
Can I change my major within Poole College?
Yes, you can change your major within Poole, but you will need to meet with an advisor first. Use this link to the
Poole College of Management
Undergraduate Programs webpage
(opens in new tab) to view drop-in hours and instructions on making an appointment.
How do I declare my major or concentration, and how will this affect my registration?
In order to declare your major or concentration in Poole, please follow the step-by-step instructions listed on the
Declaring or Changing a Poole Major or Concentration webpage
(opens in a new tab).
We advise students to declare their major upon completing 30 credits and their concentration (if applicable) upon completing 60 credits, to ensure they can register for their required Poole courses.
If you are trying to enroll in a course that is reserved for BA, ACC, or EC majors only, you must have that specific major or concentration declared in order to enroll.
Can I have more than one concentration per major?
All Poole Majors cannot officially have more than one concentration per major. Please follow the instructions on the
Declaring or Changing a Poole Major or Concentration webpage
(opens in a new tab).
How do I declare a minor?
Instructions on declaring a Poole minor can be found on the
Poole Minors webpage
(opens in a new tab). Information on declaring minors outside of Poole can be found in the minors section of the
University Catalog 2025-2026 webpage
(opens in a new tab). If you would like information on how minors are counted in your Poole major degree audit, please schedule an appointment with our Advising Team using this link to the
Navigate 360 webpage
(opens in a new tab).
How do I choose my Business Administration concentration? How do I select concentration elective courses?
All Business Administration majors are required to declare a concentration. You will take a 300-level introductory course in all concentrations. This will expose you to the concentration and a faculty member who can guide you. Additionally, you can learn more on the
Business Administration webpage
(opens in a new tab). Your faculty can also assist you in selecting concentration electives that will apply to your career pursuits.
Is a concentration required for an Economics major?
Students majoring in Economics (BA or BS) are not required to have a concentration.
Registration and Enrollment
What is the process for requesting a Term Withdrawal?
Students considering a term withdrawal are highly encouraged to meet with the Poole Advising Team to discuss their situation. To complete a term withdrawal, please follow the instructions on the
University Term Withdrawal webpage
(opens in a new tab). Note that you will need to have experienced a documentable medical, psychological, or personal hardship in order to be approved if the request is submitted after the Drop/Revision deadline.
I need to drop a class, but this will make me a part-time student. What do I need to know about this process?
Dropping below full-time status (12 credit hours) may impact several university services, including campus housing, meal plans, health insurance, military/veterans benefits, and financial aid. If you are an international student or student-athlete, please note that there may be additional restrictions. You will need to consult with OIS or your athletic coordinator to ensure that there is no negative impact.
How do I drop or edit a course after the Drop/Revision deadline?
The Drop/Revision Deadline is listed on the
Academic Calendar
(opens in a new tab). If you need to drop a course after this deadline, you must have a documentable medical, psychological, or personal hardship. Please review the instructions on the
Schedule Revision webpage
(opens in a new tab) with particular attention to the “Reminders” section.
All of my planned classes are full. How do I waitlist for a class?
In the Enrollment Wizard you must select the “wait list” option before you select the “enroll” button for a course that has an open wait list. Be sure to review
Student Services Center webpage
(opens in a new tab) to ensure you are following the appropriate procedures. If you need further assistance visit the
Poole College of Management Undergraduate Programs webpage
(opens in a new tab) for information about meeting with an advisor or send an email to poole_advising@ncsu.edu.
Can I take more than 18 credits?
The maximum credit load allowed per semester is 18 credits. We advise students to take 15-16 credits per semester to maintain balance and ensure timely degree completion.
In the Poole College of Management, to be eligible to enroll in more than 18 credits (a course overload), you must have previously completed 17 or 18 credits at NC State and earned a term GPA of 3.25 or above in that semester. We may also consider exceptions on an individual basis for students who need more than 18 credits in their final semester to graduate. To discuss your eligibility, please reach out to the Poole Advising (via email, drop-in, or 30-minute appointment).
Please note that we do not approve credit overload for enrollment purposes.
I can’t register for a Poole class because I have prerequisite or corequisite credit that the enrollment system is not recognizing.
If you have transfer credit for a prerequisite or corequisite that is not in the degree audit, you will need to complete a
Poole Prerequisite Override Request form
(Google Form opens in a new tab). Our scheduling team will process your request when your enrollment date/time begins.
All of the classes that I planned to take are full (closed) or have long waitlists. What should I do?
We encourage you to always prepare alternate courses for registration, as courses can fill quickly. You should also add yourself to the waitlists as soon as possible.
If you are concerned about getting into classes that you need to stay on track to graduate, you should contact the Poole Advising Team as soon as possible to discuss options.
You can use the
Enhanced Semester Sequence
(Google Sheet opens in a new tab) and your degree audit to help you identify other course options that will fulfill degree requirements.
What are reserved seats and course restrictions?
You may see courses in the Enrollment Wizard with seats reserved for specific groups of students, such as degree programs or enrollment statuses. If the only remaining seats are reserved for a group you do not belong to, you will not be able to enroll in the course at that time. However, if a waitlist is available, you may still add yourself to the waitlist. Please use the
Understanding Holds, Prerequisites, and Restrictions webpage
(opens in a new tab) to learn more.
Who do I contact for questions about non-Poole class enrollment?
If you encounter an enrollment error while attempting to register for a non-Poole course, you may have to contact the course instructor or the department responsible for offering the course. If you need assistance identifying the appropriate point of contact for your situation, please contact the Poole Advising Team.
Please note we do not manage courses outside of Poole College.
How do I get my Term Advisement Hold released?
Each semester, the University will place a “Term Advisement Hold” on your account, indicating that it’s time to start preparing for course registration for the upcoming semester. Early in the semester, you will receive an email from the Poole Advising Team at
poole_advising@ncsu.edu
, which will include instructions on how to release your hold. Please note that advisors will not release advising holds during drop-in or one-on-one appointments.
How does the readmission process work?
Any student enrolled in an Undergraduate or Agricultural Institute program who does not register for any Fall or Spring semester and has not completed an Undergraduate Leave of Absence (effective as of the Fall 2025 semester) will need to apply for readmission to continue their degree program. To learn more, visit the
Undergraduate Leave of Absence webpage
(opens in a new tab). Students who need to complete a SAP Appeal for readmission can refer to the
NCSU Appeal Resource Guide
(PDF opens in a new tab) for additional support. If readmission is granted, you will be contacted by the Poole Advising Team with the next steps for Term Advisement Hold Release and course registration.
I’ve recently been admitted to Poole (new first-year, transfer, CODA, Spring Connect, etc.). How do I register for classes?
All new students will receive communication from the Poole Advising email account (
pooleadvising@ncsu.edu
) along with further instructions via their NC State email accounts. Please check your email frequently to ensure you receive the email with additional instructions.
I just signed up for a course, but there’s no professor listed. What does this mean?
It is likely that a professor has not been assigned to the course yet. The instructor is usually listed prior to the start of the semester. You can check your enrollment wizard periodically for updates.
I ran into an error when trying to enroll in a course. What should I do?
Please use the
Understanding Holds, Prerequisites, and Restrictions webpage
(opens in a new tab) to learn more.
How do I enroll in classes?
For more information, please visit the
Enrollment Wizard webpage
(opens in a new tab)
I’m having difficulty getting a PE class. What should I do?
The most common times for students to take Physical Education courses are in their first or final semester. You should add yourself to a class waitlist, and if you are unable to get into a class in your final semester, please connect with our team for assistance.
I’m unable to take a class due to a conflict with my job or internship. What should I do?
If your class schedule conflicts with a personal obligation, we recommend considering alternative classes that better fit your needs. If you need assistance identifying alternate course options, you are encouraged to contact the Poole Advising Team.
Please note: there are no scheduling accommodations for external obligations.
Can I retake a course I already have credit for?
In some cases, it may be appropriate to retake a course you already have credit for. However, since there are many things to consider before making this decision, please meet with the Poole Advising Team to discuss your situation.
What is the deadline to finalize my schedule at the start of the semester?
For Poole Courses (ACC, BUS, EC, MIE, or M): Students may add courses without permission of the instructor during the first six (6) days of fall or spring terms, and during the first two (2) days of summer terms. After this deadline, course enrollment is approved only in extenuating circumstances.
For Non-Poole Courses: Students may add courses without the instructor’s permission during the first six (6) days of the fall or spring terms and the first two (2) days of the summer terms. After this deadline, students will need to obtain instructor permission to enroll in courses through the Census Date. You can review each semester’s enrollment deadlines on the
Academic Calendar webpage
(opens in a new tab)
How do I identify my enrollment date? What if I believe my enrollment date is incorrect?
Your enrollment date will be posted on your MyPack Portal. Enrollment is determined by the total credit hours completed. For more details, visit the
Enrollment Calendar webpage
(opens in a new tab). If you believe your enrollment date is incorrect, you can contact the Student Services Center (
studentservices@ncsu.edu
).
May I take courses after completing my degree?
You can take courses as a non-degree student or apply for a second degree. It is recommended that you meet with a member of the Poole Advising Team to discuss your options.
May I take online courses as an international student?
Yes, you may take ONE online class per semester as long as you are enrolled in 9 or more credit hours of in-person/hybrid classes. Please refer to the
Office of International Services webpage
(opens in a new tab) for their contact information.
I have a hold on my account that is not a term advisement hold. What do I need to do?
Meeting with an advisor does not remove holds (including financial, health, or judicial holds). You must resolve these directly with the respective departments. Click the specific hold link in MyPack Portal to view their contact information.
A class says “Department Approval Required” to register for the class. What do I do?
If you see “Departmental Approval Required” on a Poole course, please note that Poole faculty do not have the ability to add students to classes. For assistance with these courses, you can contact the Poole Advising Team at poole_advising@ncsu.edu.
If you see “Departmental Approval Required” on a non-Poole (not ACC, BUS, EC, MIE, or M) course, you can reach out to the instructor to request permission to enroll.
What if I need a class to stay on track to graduate, and I cannot register for it?
If you are unable to register for a course that you need to take to stay on track for graduation, please get on the waitlist as soon as you can, and then contact the Poole Advising Team. In the meantime, use your degree audit and the
Enhanced Semester Sequences
(Google Sheet opens in new tab) to find an alternative course, if you can.
Study Abroad
How does the study abroad process work?
Students should meet with
Poole Global
(opens in a new tab) or the
University Study Abroad Office
(opens in a new tab) to discuss options for studying abroad. After meeting with Poole Global/Study Abroad, students can meet with a member of the Poole Advising Team to discuss academic planning. Note: College-specific residency requirements must be met.
I need a Study Abroad Approval form signed. How do I get this signed?
The study abroad approval form is signed by the Poole Global Team.
Please reach out to
poole_global@ncsu.edu
Transfer Credits
How do I take a class at another institution?
If you are interested in taking a course outside of NC State, you can use the
NC State Transfer Equivalency Database
(opens in new tab) to see how other courses will transfer to NC State. Once you decide whether to take a course elsewhere, you will need to complete the
Poole Course Transfer Request form
(Google Form opens in a new tab) to obtain written approval. Please check your degree audit to ensure the course will fulfill one of your remaining degree requirements.
Please note, if the course you want to take at another institution will serve as a prerequisite for a course you will take in a future semester, you will need to complete our Poole Prerequisite Override Request form during the registration period for that semester.
To enroll at the other institution, you will need to reach out to them directly to learn how to enroll. If you would like to take a course online through an NC Community college and want to see if it is offered online, you can use the
Virtual Learning Community webpage
(opens in new tab).
If you have any previous transfer credits, please review the residency requirements for the university, Poole College, and your major to ensure that you will not exceed the transfer limit. Please contact the Poole Advising Team at poole_advising@ncsu.edu if you have questions.
I took a class at another institution. How do I send my transfer credit to NC State?
In order to have your classes transferred to NC State, you will need to have the other institution send your official transcript to the NC State Undergraduate Admissions Office. This can be done by mail or electronically. You can review the
Undergraduate Admissions Office website
(opens in new tab) for instructions on how to send your transcripts and access their contact information.
The process to get this on your degree audit can take several weeks, but you should expect to see it on your degree audit about a month after having your transcripts sent. If you do not see it noted there, then you would need to contact the Undergraduate Admissions Office to ensure that they received your transcripts.
Miscellaneous
I haven’t been assigned an academic advisor. Who is my advisor?
In the Poole College of Management, we utilize a shared advising model. Here is a link to the
Team Advising Model video
(opens in a new tab). Instead of being assigned to a specific person, you will have access to an entire team of academic advisors. This allows students to essentially choose their advisor while ensuring that someone is always available to support them. While you have the flexibility to meet with any advisor, we encourage you to schedule appointments with the one you are most familiar with. You can learn more about each of our team members by viewing the profiles at the bottom of our
Meet the Advising Team webpage
(opens in a new tab).
Can I receive academic credit for my internship (or other professional work experience)?
Accounting students may possibly earn internship credit through ACC 499, which is managed by the Accounting Department.
If a Business or Economics student has an unpaid internship with a for-profit employer that requires the intern to receive academic credit for the experience, the student may have the opportunity to earn 1 credit toward free electives through the Poole Career Center internship class.
Internship credits involve many factors; please contact the Poole Advising Team to determine your eligibility.
I am not a Poole major or minor student and have questions about Poole, what do I do?
Students interested in our Poole majors can contact our Poole Transfer email account (
Poole_transfer@ncsu.edu
) and visit our
Student Services Center webpage
(opens in a new tab). You can also visit the change-of-major drop-in advising. You can find the drop-in hours on the
Change of Major Drop-In Advising webpage
(opens in a new tab). For minor-specific questions, please email poole_minors@ncsu.edu.
How do I make an appointment with an academic advisor?
To schedule or cancel an appointment with an advisor, please see the instructions in the Appointments section of the
Meet the Advising Team webpage
(opens in a new tab).
Answers to many common questions can be found on the
Registration and Enrollment page
, the
Course and Curriculum Updates page
, as well as the
Policies page
. It is your responsibility to understand your degree audit and degree progression.