URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/career-services
TITLE: Career Services | Office of Undergraduate Programs

Career Services
Poole College students gain the practical experience, confidence and skills necessary to launch their careers.
A Foundation for the Future
“The Career Center was one of the most useful assets that I found at State.”
Jordan Sharber
Business Administration ’22
Your career is our business. Engage with Career Services to launch your career.
Poole offers targeted career services to students in the college, led by skilled, full-time professionals who know the job market and how to support students as they develop into
competitive and prepared candidates
. Our services can help every Poole student achieve their goals, no matter what they are.
Whether you know the career path you want to pursue or want to find your fit, it’s never too early to engage with Career Services. We provide resources for career exploration, job search strategies, networking opportunities, experiential education, plus other career-readiness skills and programming.
And when it’s time to find an internship, co-op or job, you are prepared to develop effective strategies for this search — and all the ones that follow.
Top companies come to us to find their next talent
, and we connect them with students through on-campus recruiting events like our semi-annual career and internship fair, which attracts more than 120 employers.
Explore the Career Center
Learn about the Career Center’s range of services for Poole College students.
Watch video
Play Video
Jobs and Internships
When you’re ready to find a professional opportunity that’s right for you, we have the resources you need.
Career news
More Poole College news
How a Graduate’s Career Path Went Through the Poole Career Center
Tucker Parrish developed the skills to find the best job, from resume preparation to business meal manners, through the Poole Career Center.
Read more
A Summer of Think and Do
Explore the summer internships of Poole College of Management students across industries throughout the country.
Read more
Poole College Employer Summit  Fuels Talent Pipeline
In addition to highlighting key engagement opportunities for employers, the summit invites them to brainstorm new, unique ideas to source talent.
Read more
Accelerating Career Preparedness
A Poole College education prepares students for success in global business through rigorous coursework and hands-on, experiential learning — and employers recognize the value our graduates bring to the workplace.
Poole College graduates are using their valuable skills and innovative mindsets to make their mark on all parts of the business world. Our students have gone on to work for
corporate giants
like Bank of America, First Citizens, Deloitte, EY, Fidelity Investments, Red Hat, Cisco, Lenovo, SAS, Lowe’s, Wells Fargo, IBM, TIAA, and Amazon.
“The Career Center provided tremendous guidance and helped me secure a full-time job post-grad. My one regret is that I didn’t seek them out earlier!”
Alex Vedetta-Storwick
Business Administration, Marketing ’21
$66,250
average starting salary reported by Poole College graduates
66%
of Poole graduates accepted a full-time employment or graduate school offer within six months of graduation
74%
of class of 2022 Poole graduates completed an internship or co-op experience
find what you need
Student Resources
Explore a variety of ways to prepare for job market success.
Learn more
Employer Partnerships
Top employers partner with Poole College to recruit the talent of the future.
Learn more