URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/academic-resources/registration-and-enrollment
TITLE: Registration and Enrollment | Office of Undergraduate Programs

Registration and Enrollment
Make sure you are constantly checking the course schedule, getting on waitlists when possible, and not giving up if you don’t get into a class you want.
Important Notes
:
Poole will be regularly managing enrollment in courses. Make sure you are constantly checking the course schedule, getting on waitlists when possible, and not giving up if you don’t get into a class you want. Your schedule on your registration day likely won’t be anything like your final schedule.
Courses taught by the Poole College of Management (ACC, BUS, EC, MIE) are very popular. Our priority in Poole College is to ensure that Poole majors (and minors) have access to the courses they need and are able to enroll in those courses to stay on track for graduation. To manage this process, and to be transparent about enrollment controls and deadlines, we will follow the process outlined below.
Fall 2026 Updates
For important information on specific courses, see the Fall 2026 Courses and Curriculum Update Page.
Read the Fall 2026 Updates
General Guidelines
Poole utilizes the university’s registration waitlist function extensively for courses that are full or have reserved seats. As long as you meet the prerequisites for the class, you should be able to get on the waitlist, even if there are reserved seats. We will review enrollment on our courses after all enrollment windows have opened and remove many of the reserved seats at that time. These seats will go to students based on their position on the waitlist so be sure to waitlist early. See more information about waitlists below.
M 100 and M120
are restricted to students who are
already in a Poole major
and are not an option for students who are pursuing the CODA process until after they have been officially accepted.
Most
200-level Poole courses
will be open to anyone at NC State (e.g., MIE 201, ACC 210, EC 201) from the start, although some seats will still be reserved for Poole students. Students are encouraged to get on the waitlist if remaining seats are reserved.
Most
300-level Poole courses
are restricted to admitted Poole majors and minors, where applicable. On the 4th day of classes, we will remove this restriction for any remaining seats. BUS 351, MIE 306 and MIE 310 will remain restricted.
EC 301 and 302
are not restricted but have some seats reserved for Poole majors. Students are encouraged to get on the waitlist.
All
400-level Poole courses
are restricted to admitted Poole majors and will not be open to non-Poole students at any point. Students admitted to Poole minors will have access to 4xx level courses that are part of their minor.
During the second week of classes
, Poole College consent is required by any student seeking to add a Poole course and is rarely granted. Students interested in adding or swapping a Poole course during this period should review the Policies Page on
Course Enrollment
for further information.
Information About Waitlists
Poole uses waitlists and reserved seats to manage enrollment and give priority to students who need specific courses for their program. If in doubt about your eligibility to enroll in a class, be sure to try to get on the waitlist first. If you still have questions after reviewing the information on this website, please contact poole_scheduling@ncsu.edu.
If you see a yellow circle with an exclamation mark next to a class, that means that you don’t meet the prerequisites and are ineligible to enroll. If you believe this to be an error, you can submit a Poole Prerequisite Override Request Form found at
https://go.ncsu.edu/poole_prereq_override
.
If you don’t see the yellow circle, you should be able to enroll or at least get on the waitlist, even if there are reserved seats. Be sure to check the “Wait List” box for the class and then click “Enroll”. If there aren’t any un-reserved seats available, you will get a message that you are on the waitlist. We will review enrollment on our courses after all enrollment windows have opened,
and remove many of the reserved seats. These seats will go to students based on their position on the waitlist.
Please review the “swap to waitlist” feature
in MyPack to be sure you don’t receive a registration error if a seat opens up in the class. Instructions can be found
here
.
Being on a waitlist
does not
guarantee a spot in a course, so make sure you have back-up courses.
Please note: students generally should
not attempt to register or waitlist in multiple sections of the same course.
This will cause system issues when attempting to enroll. If students are registered for one section but interested in another, they should use the Swap to Waitlist feature detailed above.
Guidelines for Poole Major Students
It is
your responsibility
to ensure that you enroll in the appropriate courses when your enrollment window opens.  Failure to register in a timely fashion may result in your not being able to get the courses you need to stay on track or graduate on time.
If you still have an advising hold on your account, please review the emails sent to your @ncsu.edu email account from Poole Advising. Please contact the
Poole Advising
Team if you have more questions.
If you are unable to register for a course that you need to stay on track or graduate, please get on the waitlist as soon as you are able, and contact Poole Advising (after getting on the waitlist). If the waitlist is full, you should still contact Poole Advising.
If you cannot enroll in a course because the system is not recognizing that you have met the prereqs, or you feel that you are being denied enrollment in error, please submit a Poole Prerequisite Override Request Form found at
go.ncsu.edu/poole_prereq_override
.
We will not consider requests for course changes or enroll you in a course that is full for convenience reasons
(e.g., don’t want to have to take an 8 a.m. class, don’t like the instructor, etc.)
Guidelines for Poole Minor Students
Eligibility for Poole courses is dependent on already having been accepted into the Poole minor prior to the semester of enrollment. For information on how to declare a Poole minor, visit
go.ncsu.edu/poole_minors
.
Students in all four Poole minors have access to all the courses for their specific minor, however, there may be some seats reserved for Poole majors. Many of the reserved seats will be released after all enrollment windows have opened and will be given to students according to their position on the waitlist.
Students are encouraged to get on the waitlist as soon as possible
so that they are more likely to be enrolled. Even if the class appears to be restricted or full, be sure to check the “Wait List Ok” box in your Enrollment Wizard when trying to enroll. If you still have issues, please email
poole_scheduling@ncsu.edu
for assistance.
Application for admission to any University minor program is now available via MyPack Portal. Go to
go.ncsu.edu/minor_coda
for more information.
Please check the
Poole Minors website
for additional information regarding course registration.
Guidelines for Non-Degree (NDS) Students
The University dictates when enrollment for non-degree (NDS) students opens, and information about the dates can be found on the
enrollment calendar website
.
NDS students may have access to Poole courses on a case-by-case basis. NDS students having trouble enrolling in Poole courses should contact
poole_scheduling@ncsu.edu
.
Students in the
Business Essentials Certificate
should contact the Business Essentials program at
business_essentials@ncsu.edu
.
Questions or Problems?
Poole majors
:
poole_advising@ncsu.edu
Poole minors
:
poole_minors@ncsu.edu
Questions about transferring to Poole
:
poole_transfer@ncsu.edu
Non-Poole students and general registration questions
:
poole_scheduling@ncsu.edu
We will do our best to respond to your email within 24 hours but during busy times, it may take longer.
Drop-in advising for Poole majors is available during the times specified
here
. Additional drop-in advising will be available for both Poole and non-Poole students during the first week of classes. Please check
this page
prior to the beginning of the semester for specific days and times.
A video presentation of the Poole CODA process and recommended coursework can be found
here
.