URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/career-services/elevate-mentorship-program
TITLE: ELEVATE Mentorship Program | Office of Undergraduate Programs

ELEVATE Mentorship Program
Elevate your career journey by learning directly from accomplished executives and alumni.
Request a mentor
About the Program
The ELEVATE Mentorship Program
focuses on elevating the future careers of NC State Poole undergraduate and graduate students by connecting them with accomplished executives and alumni who provide strategic guidance, industry insight and real-world perspectives. Each year from September to April, students gain valuable exposure to the business world by bridging the gap between academic learning and professional application.
Students
To participate in the 2025-26 ELEVATE Mentorship Program,
apply by Sept. 12
.
Submit a student application
Mentees are
motivated sophomore, junior or senior undergraduate students
majoring in business as well as
Jenkins graduate students
at Poole College of Management. They are eager to explore career paths, strengthen their professional skills and engage in a one-on-one mentoring relationship with an experienced industry professional. Students must apply to the program, actively participate throughout the academic year, and approach the experience with a willingness to learn, set goals and reflect on their growth. There is no GPA requirement to participate.
Participant Responsibilities
Time commitment:
Minimum 2 hours per month (1 monthly virtual meeting + 1 meeting with mentor).
Connect:
Maintain regular communication with your mentor via email, in-person or virtually to seek guidance, feedback and support.
Explore:
Work with your mentor to set and refine your career goals, developing a plan to achieve these objectives by the end of the program.
Engage:
Prepare for and participate in activities such as mock interviews, job shadowing, and career exploration.
Expand:
Broaden your professional network with mentors and their respective corporate connections.
Reflection:
Critically reflect on your learning and growth throughout the program, identifying key insights, challenges and personal development areas.
Student Outcomes:
86%
of student participants feel better prepared to transition into the professional workforce
83%
gained a clearer understanding of industries and career paths
100%
feel more confident in networking and articulating their career goals
Student Testimonials:
Mentor Frank Margolis (left) with mentee Caleb Oakley.
“I was able to visit Toshiba for a job shadow with my mentor, and it was one of my favorite things since joining the business school. It provided me with a lot of insight in terms of skills I will need within the workforce, as well as how important company culture and being comfortable at your job is.” – Anna Czarkowski
“My mentor, Frank Margolis with Toshiba Global Commerce Solutions, allowed me and another mentee to visit his job site and shadow him for an entire day. We were able to see the work he performs, network with other professionals, and explore his career field. This experience made me realize I am heavily interested in what he does and what I want to do for my future career.” – Caleb Oakley
“One of the most valuable pieces of wisdom I’ve gained from this program is the importance of being intentional with my next steps.” – Parker Henson
Elevating Success
Junior accounting major Conor Perry gained career direction, confidence and key professional skills through Poole College’s ELEVATE Mentorship Program with CFO mentor Jason Cash. The experience provided practical guidance in career planning, communication and networking.
Learn More About Conor’s Mentorship
Mentors
Benefits of Mentoring:
Shape the future of business talent and recruit top prospects for your company
Elevate your leadership skills in just two hours a month
Expand your network by connecting with fellow mentors
Mentor Eligibility:
Mentors are experienced professionals, executives and alumni–with at least five years of industry work or experience and a strong connection to the business world. they are passionate about guiding Poole College students by providing strategic advice, career insight and real-world experience.
Mentor Expectations
Time Commitment
: Minimum two hours per month (one monthly virtual meeting + one meeting with student).
Connect:
Build authentic, trust-based relationships with your student via in-person, virtually or hybrid.
Explore:
Share diverse career paths and your real-world experiences.
Engage:
Support career readiness through resume reviews, interviews and goal setting.
Expand:
Help students grow their professional networks and confidence .
Reflect:
Provide feedback that builds resilience and career clarity.
Your mentorship can transform a student’s path from uncertainty to confidence.
Link to Mentorship Application
Mentor Testimonials:
“My mentee and I have had the opportunity to connect on a variety of topics (resume reviews, value exercises, career coaching). In general, this is a great program to allow students to gain perspective outside of the university and make connections they may not have otherwise!” – Joe Rozsa, Red Hat
“I brought one of my mentees onsite to my workplace and provided an overview of the field of cybersecurity and walked her around the office. It was great to hear her thoughts and address questions that she had about the industry. She is highly ambitious and has great social instincts.” – Hannah DeWane, Varonis
2025 Mentorship Luncheon