URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/advising/semester-sequences
TITLE: Semester Sequences | Office of Undergraduate Programs

Semester Sequences
Use the Enhanced Semester Sequence Google Sheet to plan your courses efficiently, ensuring you meet all prerequisites and corequisites.
Access the document
The semester sequence is a supplemental resource to help students
understand when to plan certain courses
. Most courses do not need to be taken during a specific semester, but following your sequence to the degree possible can help ensure you meet the necessary prerequisites and corequisites. Students should plan on having their verification requirements (global knowledge, ethics, etc.) met via other GEP categories.
GPA Graduation Requirements
Overall GPA for all courses attempted at NC State must be 2.0 or higher; and
Overall GPA for all major courses attempted at NC State must be 2.0 or higher
Degree Audit
Important
: Please see your degree audit in MyPack portal for your official degree requirements. Students in the same degree program may have different requirements based on when and how they entered Poole.
Read more about Degree Audit
View Semester Sequences in the Enhanced Semester Sequence Google Sheet
Accounting Semester Sequence
The Bachelor of Science in Accounting focuses on applying technology and data analytics in the field of accounting, while also developing interpersonal, teamwork and problem-solving skills.
Read more
Business Administration Semester Sequence
The Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration focuses on core business functions. Before declaring a concentration, all students study business analytics, finance, marketing, operations, human resource management, information technology and entrepreneurship.
Read more
Economics (BA) Semester Sequence
The Bachelor of Arts in Economics curriculum incorporates economic theory and business skills with courses in mathematics, foreign language and business processes.
Read more
Economics (BS) Semester Sequence
The Bachelor of Science in Economics curriculum incorporates economic theory and application with rigorous courses in econometrics, mathematics, statistics and quantitative techniques.
Read more
Quick Links
Interested to learn more? Schedule an appointment with our advising team or browse through frequently asked questions.
Meet the Advising Team
Our advising team is dedicated to helping our students succeed at NC State.
FAQs
Learn about waitlists, class restrictions, and other questions while registering for classes.