URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/majors-and-minors/management-first-year
TITLE: Management First Year | Office of Undergraduate Programs

Management First Year
All first-time, first year Poole College students enter the college as Management First Year students where they have the opportunity to take courses in a variety of business disciplines and receive academic advising along the way to help discover which major best suits their skills and interests.
Poole College’s
Management First Year Program
allows students to complete a common first year of courses before choosing to major in either accounting, business administration or economics. Students can then further customize their degree by selecting from a number of concentrations within business administration or choosing between the bachelor of arts or the bachelor of science in economics. By receiving guidance from academic advisors, peer leaders, professional mentors and more, students will be equipped to make a fully informed decision – selecting their major by the end of their first year at Poole.
The Management First Year curriculum is a unique opportunity for our students to learn about the foundation of disciplines in the college.  We want students to take the time to explore our college using the Management First Year curriculum as a foundation along with the support of staff and faculty to make an informed decision about their major.
Melusian Wright
Director of Advising Programs
What are the Advantages of Management First Year Experience?
Have the opportunity to take core business courses across disciplines – giving them a better understanding of which major and/or concentration they would like to pursue.
Receive a simplified curriculum path with recommendations of courses to take their first and second semesters.
Take M100 (Personal and Professional Identity Development) where they will learn more about their strengths and interests so they can select a major with confidence.
Have direct entry into any of the Poole College majors upon completion of their freshman year.
Make connections with peers by being assigned a peer leader and put into smaller groups of other first year students in order to foster community.
Access to Poole-specific Career Services.
Access to Poole-specific Global Programs Services.
Additional Resources
First Year Advising  ➜
Four-Year Engagement Plan ➜
Degree Progression ➜
Customize Your Degree ➜