URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/admissions
TITLE: Admissions | Office of Undergraduate Programs

Admissions
This is where the brightest future business leaders prepare for success in the ever-changing global marketplace.
Request Information
Why Poole College?
In the Poole College of Management, your path to success is your own.
Our fields of study are at
the forefront of today’s business landscape
. You can choose from
majors in accounting, business administration or economics
, with a variety of concentrations to help tailor your learning. Or you can supplement your major — inside or outside the college — with a minor in accounting, business administration, business entrepreneurship or economics.
Whatever course of study you pursue, you’ll have access to high-quality academic support, connections to internships and jobs with top employers, global learning opportunities and a variety of other hands-on learning experiences that teach you how to
think analytically
and prepare you for
real-world success
.
Start Your Application
Admitted Students
Welcome to Poole College! Find information about next steps here.
Admitted Student Next Step
Nearly 50%
of incoming undergraduates are internal or external transfer students
3.92
average weighted high school GPA of students admitted to Poole College in 2025
$70,177
average starting salary reported by 2024-25 Poole College graduates
Our Extraordinary Students
Hear about the Poole College experience from the students themselves. Explore student stories to help you imagine what your experience could be like.
Meet some of them
A Path for Everyone
“I chose Poole due to its strong alumni network, distinct focus on career preparation through internships and co-op programs, and emphasis on learning by doing.”
Ben Tewey
First Year Management ’25
At Poole College, we believe that no matter your background, you can find a road to success with us. We’re committed to welcoming everyone and making our college
a positive and inclusive place to learn
.
Whether Poole is the first step in your college journey or where your growth will continue to accelerate, you’re in good company here. Around half of our students
transfer
to the college from other NC State colleges or other institutions of higher learning. To help you find your path, all
first-year students
participate in our Management First-Year program, which helps you explore majors and select the one that fits your interests and goals.
To make college more accessible, Poole College offers 20 to 30 competitive
scholarships
for our current and incoming students. We also help our students navigate and secure scholarships and financial aid at the university level.
resources
Scholarships
University Scholarships
University Financial Aid
all paths welcome
First-Year Admission
Start your college journey here, and we’ll help you prepare for a bright future at the forefront of business.
Transfer Admission
Whether you’re coming to Poole College from another NC State college or another academic institution, you can find your new home here.
Dive Into Poole College
If you see a future in business, we want to help you have a vibrant
student experience
and
walk alongside you
as you pursue your academic, professional and personal goals.
There are a variety of ways to learn more about Poole College and NC State. Find out how to start your journey with us.
Request Information
If you have questions about admission to Poole College, we’d love to answer them.
Apply Now
If you want to think and do with us, start your application to NC State now.
Take a Virtual Tour
Register for an information session and learn more about the College from students and staff.
Schedule a Visit
Register for a campus tour or information session, or schedule an appointment with a university admissions officer.
Stories from poole college
One Poole Student’s High-Impact Journey
Poole junior Jayden Ford is excelling in marketing and sales through leadership roles at NC State.
Read more
Celebrating Transfer Students
Meet Poole Transfer Student Cole Hood.
Read more