URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/advising
TITLE: Advising | Office of Undergraduate Programs

Advising
Our dedicated advising staff walks alongside you on your Poole College journey.
Meet with an Advisor
Empowering Student Success
In a university the size of NC State, it can be hard to know how or where to look for help. That’s where we come in.
Every undergraduate student works with our team of
award-winning, knowledgeable academic advisors
to chart their course throughout their time in Poole College — from admission to graduation. They get to know you as a student and a person and connect you with the resources you need to succeed.
Advising is not only for academics. We’re here to help you
achieve your goals
— no matter what they are — and can help you find the classes, student organizations, professional opportunities and enrichment experiences that will excite you and add value to your degree. We’re with you every step of the way.
Learn more about advising
Frequently Asked Questions
Have a question? Find the answer here.
Meet the Advising Team
Get to know the college’s amazing advisors.
Advisor Appreciation
Find out what undergraduate students had to say to their Poole College advisors about how they enhanced their NC State experience.
Read more
Here to Help You
Because Poole College is
dedicated to your success
, we have our own team of full-time advisors who know the college, understand the student experience and want to know you. These professionals are trained in programs like CliftonStrengths and have won awards and recognition from the university and beyond for their services.
You can find answers to many common questions about academics and the student experience in Poole on our
frequently asked questions
page, at the links below or elsewhere on this site.
If you can’t find what you need here or if you want to start a discussion about your Poole pathway, we’d love to talk to you. Reach out to an
advisor
to set up an appointment today.
resources you need
Majors and Minors
Explore the range of academic options available in Poole College.
Academic Resources
Get information about registration, policies, graduation and other resources related to academics.
Student Life
Academics are just one part of your Poole College experience. Discover ways to get involved here.
Career Services
Jump-start your career with the help of our Career Services advisors.