URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/majors-and-minors/business-administration
TITLE: Business Administration | Office of Undergraduate Programs

Business Administration
Business Administration refers to the activities involved in running, or administering, a business or other similar organization. Successful business people are familiar with all the major components and activities that make up the organization and how they work together for organizational success. Effective business professionals are able to look at the organization from a strategic perspective, enabling them to manage their specific responsibilities within the larger organization more effectively.
About the Program
The Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration
focuses on core business functions. All students study finance, marketing, operations, human resource management, information technology, and entrepreneurship before declaring a concentration for more in ­depth study.
The curriculum in Business Administration emphasizes ethical and global awareness, communication skills and critical thinking for decision making. Students complete the core curriculum requirements to build a foundation of business knowledge and then select their concentration of interest as a specialization.
If you are looking for a vibrant and engaging place to study, if you think you have interest in analytical and people skills, and if you really care about both Think and Do, business administration would be a good fit for you.
Sebastian Heese
Owens Distinguished Professor of Supply Chain Management
What Will I Learn?
Organize, analyze and apply information to make business decisions
Organize and express ideas using appropriate language and grammar in a business context
Analyze data and systems
Utilize key financial principles
Identify and analyze business opportunities
Manage distribution channels and supply chain operations
Understand and predict consumers’ needs in the marketplace
Develop marketing strategy
Integrate business functions to drive successful strategies
Apply business and quantitative skills to solve real-world problems
Why Business Administration at NC State?
NC State’s Business Administration program provides students the
business knowledge
and
analytical skills
needed by companies across a variety of industries.
Our hands-on and project-oriented courses and labs give students real-world experiences they can apply to today’s business challenges. Students engage with actual companies and industry partners through clubs, projects and internship opportunities to develop practical experiences.
Our graduates have the skills and confidence to solve real-world business problems and communicate effective solutions.
Business Administration Concentrations
EXPLORE CONCENTRATIONS
(new!) Business Analytics Concentration
Read more
Entrepreneurship Concentration
Read more
Finance Concentration
Read more
Information Technology Concentration
Read more
Marketing Concentration
Read more
Operations and Supply Chain Management Concentration
Read more
People Management Concentration
Read more
International Business Dual Degree
Read more
Think business administration is for you? Let’s get you started.
Prospective Students: Contact Admissions
If you have questions about Poole College majors and concentrations, email us at poole_admissions@ncsu.edu.
Email Us
Current Students: Contact an Academic Advisor
Poole majors can make an appointment with an advisor using the Student Success GPS system at go.ncsu.edu/gps.
Meet Poole Advisors