URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/majors-and-minors/economics
TITLE: Economics | Office of Undergraduate Programs

Economics
Economists play a vital role in society, government and business in studying and predicting responses to changes in policy and market fluctuations – a significant skill in today’s challenging business landscape. From reviewing how corporations and businesses allocate resources, to advising government officials on economic issues and developing public policies, economists play an essential role in global business operations.
Poole College offers both a
Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) in Economics
and a
Bachelor of Science (B.S.) in Economics
, including optional concentrations in Business Analytics and Finance.
All economics students complete core courses in microeconomics and macroeconomics, as well as specialized elective courses in labor economics, industrial organization, game theory, international economics, econometrics and finance. Poole’s undergraduate economics program gives students the quantitative tools and critical thinking skills that prepare them for post-graduate study or careers in business, finance, government, public policy and more.
One of the best reasons to major in economics at NC State is the
strong connection we have with firms
in the ever-growing Raleigh business community and Research Triangle Park, in addition to local and state-level government offices and agencies.
Andy Nowel
Senior Lecturer in Economics and Director of Undergraduate Programs in Economics
What Will I Learn?
Economics graduates will understand how to:
Organize, analyze and apply information to make business decisions.
Recognize ways in which different economic and cultural environments affect business activities.
Analyze how consumers and firms interact in free markets and government-regulated markets to determine prices and quantities. exchanged with goods and services.
Measure how changes in variables such as price and income affect the behavior of buyers and sellers.
Evaluate an economy’s performance using indicators that include measures of output, inflation and unemployment.
Identify company business strategies and explain the business risks associated with those strategies.
Use emerging tools and technology to organize, interpret and analyze data and to communicate information to stakeholders.
Why Economics at NC State?
What sets NC State’s economics major apart is the
training in analytical methods, and focus on economic theory and business skills
, to provide students opportunities in many career paths. The quantitative and critical thinking skills acquired in our program lead to careers in areas such as banking and financial services, consulting, management, local, state and federal government – in addition to preparing for graduate programs in economics, business administration and law.
We are
the only program in Poole College to offer both a B.A. and B.S. degree
– to best fit the needs of our students. As our faculty are highly engaged in economic research, they are able to challenge our students in the classroom with determining solutions to the many interesting and difficult economic issues we face within the business environment and broader economy.
Learning Outcomes
What is a purpose and the outcomes of students graduating from Poole College?
Read more about Learning Outcomes
What is the difference between the B.A. and the B.S. degrees?
The B.S. in Economics has a focus on critical thinking, data analysis and a broad understanding of the global economic system. Its curriculum incorporates economic theory and application with rigorous courses in econometrics, mathematics, statistics and quantitative techniques – preparing students with the skills to make crucial decisions in today’s ever-changing business environment.
The B.A. in Economics offers students a solid foundation in the quantitative knowledge of economics, with challenging courses in accounting and business applications. The program curriculum incorporates
economic theory and business skills with courses in mathematics, foreign language and business processes – preparing students to manage change and address social challenges in organizations around the globe.
One of the best reasons to major in economics at NC State is the
strong connection we have with firms
in the ever-growing Raleigh business community and Research Triangle Park, in addition to local and state-level government offices and agencies. Our career coaches are heavily networked with our employers and work tirelessly with our students to help them find meaningful internship opportunities to complement their academic interests, in addition to helping them secure meaningful employment opportunities upon graduation.
Career Opportunities
Many students are drawn to careers in economics because the quantitative and critical thinking skills acquired as an economics m major lead to professional opportunities in a wide array of business industries.
The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
predicts
the
employment of economist is projected to grow 13%
from 2020 to 2030 – and approximately 1,600 job openings are projected each year, over the decade.
13% Employment Growth for Economists
Predicted by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics from 2020 to 2030.
Recent employment offers to economics graduates:
Bank of America- Global Risk Analyst
Deloitte- Business Technology Solutions Analyst
RTI International- Public Health Analyst
Wells Fargo- Wealth Management Analyst
Microsoft- Software Engineer
Regions Securities- Investment Banking Analyst
U.S. Marines- Supply/Logistics Officer
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency- Assistant National Bank Examiner
Daversa Partners- Consultant
Pearson Education- Software Developer
First Citizens Bank- Business Analyst
Lowes Companies, Inc.- Inventory Replenishment Senior Specialist
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation- Financial Institution Specialist (Bank Examiner)
Dell Technologies- Inside Sales Associate
Railinc- Senior Business Analyst
Launch Your Career
The Career Center at Poole is here to support you.
Connect with the Career Center
Curriculum Overview and Degree Requirements
Students start their time at NC State Poole College of Management as either a
management first year
student (if you are a freshman) or in a major (if you are a transfer student). Regardless of your path, you will have plenty of time to explore the different things you want to do in business and economics.
The economics major requires students to complete
120 credits towards the degree
, comprised of courses in humanities and social sciences, mathematics, natural sciences, general electives, and credits specific to the economics program.
Degree Progression
You will start your education by taking general education courses and introductory business courses. During your second and third year, you will narrow in and focus on economics courses.
Your academic advisor will help you explore your academic interests, identify resources for additional information and support, and develop plans of study.
Learn about the Degree Progression
B.S. Economics major requirements include:
Economics requirements (18 credits)
, including EC 301 Intermediate Microeconomics, EC 302 Intermediate Macroeconomics, EC 351 Econometrics I, EC 451 Econometrics II, and EC 490 Research Seminar in Economics.
Economics electives (12 credits)
, including elective choices EC 404 Money, Financial Markets, and the Economy, EC 410 Public Finance, EC 413 Industrial Organization, EC 431 Labor Economics, EC 437 Health Economics, EC 448 International Trade, EC 449 International Finance, and EC 468 Game Theory.
Business Analytics (6 credits)
, including BUS 340 Information Systems Management and BUS 351 Predictive Analytics.
Advised electives (15 credits)
, can generally be any courses that are a complement to a student’s planned career or general interest (other than Health and Fitness or remedial courses). Advised electives can also be used to complete an optional concentration in business analytics or finance.
For full degree requirements, visit the
NC State Catalog
. To view individual courses, descriptions and schedules, use the
Course Search
.
B.A. Economics major requirements include:
Economics requirements (18 credits),
including EC 301 Intermediate Microeconomics, EC 302 Intermediate Macroeconomics, EC 351 Econometrics I, and EC 490 Research Seminar in Economics.
Economics electives (12 credits),
including elective choices EC 404 Money, Financial Markets, and the Economy, EC 410 Public Finance, EC 413 Industrial Organization, EC 431 Labor Economics, EC 437 Health Economics, EC 448 International Trade, EC 449 International Finance, and EC 468 Game Theory.
Business Analytics (6 credits),
including BUS 340 Information Systems Management and BUS 351 Predictive Analytics.
Advised electives (15 credits),
can generally be any courses that are a complement to a student’s planned career or general interest (other than Health and Fitness or remedial courses). Advised electives can also be used to complete an optional concentration in business analytics or finance.
For full degree requirements, visit the
NC State Catalog
. To view individual courses, descriptions and schedules, use the
Course Search
.
Optional Economics Concentrations
The 15 hours of advised electives within the economics degree can be used to complete an optional concentration in Business Analytics or Finance. These are the same concentrations in Business Analytics and Finance as found in the Business Administration Major, as employers hire students from both majors interested in these career areas.
Business Analytics Concentration
Read more
Finance Concentration
Read more
Read Alumni Stories
John Stanula Blends Economics, Finance to Chart Career Path
Through a combination of classwork for two majors and a number of high-impact experiences, Stanula left Poole College prepared for anything.
Landon Smith Has a Past and Future in Analytics
Smith pursued a lifelong passion — and landed a great job — by earning a degree in economics with a concentration in business analytics.
Ryan Moore Receives Full Scholarship to UNC School of Law
“Studying economics at NC State taught me to think critically about the interactions we have every single day, examining the incentives behind certain decisions to which I’d never previously given thought,” Moore said.
Additional Resources
First-Year Admission  ➜
Transfer Admission  ➜
Economics Faculty  ➜
Economics Honors Program ➜
Explore Student Life – Leadership and Student Organizations for Poole/Economics Majors  ➜
Omicron Delta Epsilon (Honorary for Economics Majors) ➜
Think economics is for you? Let’s get you started.
Prospective Students: Contact Admissions
If you have questions about Poole College majors and concentrations, email us at poole_admissions@ncsu.edu.
Email us
Current Students: Contact an Academic Advisor
Poole majors can make an appointment with an advisor using the Student Success GPS system at go.ncsu.edu/gps.
Meet Poole Advisors