URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/admitted-students
TITLE: Admitted Students | Office of Undergraduate Programs

Admitted Students
Congratulations on being admitted to NC State's Poole College of Management! As a Poole student, you will receive support from more than 25 professional support staff who specialize in global programs, academic advising, career services and more. Welcome to the Wolfpack! We look forward to getting to know you.
Secure Your Spot in the Class of 2030
Confirm Enrollment
Accounting
Learn how our students are using data to make decisions.
Read More
Business Administration
Check out a variety of concentrations from Finance to Entrepreneurship.
Read More
Economics
Find out the difference between our Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science programs and which one is the best choice for you.
Read More
Raleigh is No. 2 Big Best City to Live In
(US News & World Report)
Key Facts
No. 1
in the southeast and No. 15 nationally for undergraduate entrepreneurship ––
The Princeton Review and ​Entrepreneur, 2022
No. 2
best big city to live in right now ––
US News & World Report, 2022
$67,584 average starting salary
for Poole undergraduate programs alumni
Our
faculty
are thought leaders and field-tested experts with enduring ties to the world of business
1 in 3 Poole students
study abroad
30+
student organizations
housed in Poole
More than 25 professional full-time support staff, including a team of full-time
advisors
Connect with us on Instagram!
Follow us on Instagram and see it yourself what it means to be part of #PoolePack
Follow us at @NCStatePoole
Ready to join the poole pack?
First Year Freshmen
High school seniors are able to be admitted directly into the Poole College of Management upon arrival to NC State.
Get Started Here
Off-Campus Transfer Students
1 in 5 NC State graduates begins their college career at another institution. Each year students join Poole from institutions around NC, the U.S. and around the world.
Get Started Here
On-Campus Transfer Students (CODA)
Current NC State students who have added or changed their major to accounting, business administration or economics.
Get Started Here
Welcome to Poole Resources
Explore Poole Resources
Over 3,600 undergraduate Poole students receive support from 25+ professional support staff who specialize in global programs, academic advising, career services and more.
Read more
Global Programs
The business world is globally connected — and so are our students and faculty. Prepare to thrive in today’s highly interconnected marketplace by participating in our global learning opportunities.
Read more
Career Services
We help Poole College students gain the practical experience, confidence and skills necessary to launch their internships and careers.
Read more
Other Resources
Stay Connected:
Student Newsletter
Get Involved:
Student Organizations
Chart Your Path:
Poole Packways
Questions?
Email us at
poole_admissions@ncsu.edu
for any questions!