URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/majors-and-minors/accounting
TITLE: Accounting | Office of Undergraduate Programs

Accounting
Across industries and regions, the demand for qualified accountants continues to grow. After all, accounting is the language of business. Accountants play a critical role in the business world – they are responsible for analyzing, collecting, compiling, preparing, reporting and evaluating financial data and records. From monitoring budgets and spending to financial analysis and forecasting, accountants provide a breadth of knowledge and expertise to help businesses succeed.
About our Program
Poole College’s
Bachelor of Science in Accounting
provides a strong business education foundation and a path for success in today’s data-driven business world. The program’s rigorous curriculum allows students to develop interpersonal, teamwork and problem-solving skills, while also teaching them how to successfully apply technology and data analytics in the field of accounting.
What sets NC State’s accounting major apart is the
focus on business analytics
.
Roby Sawyers
Professor of Accounting
In addition to coursework in financial and managerial accounting, accounting information systems, tax and auditing, every accounting graduate receives 13 semester hours of training focused on business analytics. These courses equip all accounting graduates with the skills and knowledge to be competitive for positions and successful in their careers.
Poole’s undergraduate accounting program will lay an excellent framework for you to further your education through a graduate program or pursue careers in public accounting, business and not-for-profit organizations.
Accelerated Bachelor’s/Master’s (ABM) Program
To accomplish the acceleration, NC State undergraduate students are allowed to take MAC classes as an undergraduate and have the MAC credit hours double count for both the bachelor’s and master’s degrees.
Read more about the ABM Program
What Will I Learn?
Accounting graduates will understand how to:
Prepare and analyze financial statements.
Utilize financial, managerial and tax-related information to make business decisions.
Evaluate internal controls of a business.
Design assurance services procedures.
Identify company business strategies and explain the business risks associated with those strategies.
Use emerging tools and technology to organize, interpret and analyze data and to communicate information to stakeholders.
Learning Outcomes
What is a purpose and the outcomes of students graduating from Poole College?
Learn about the Learning Outcomes
Why Accounting at NC State?
What sets NC State’s accounting major apart is the
focus on business analytics
. Deloitte defines business analytics as “the practice of using data to drive business strategy and performance. It includes a range of approaches and solutions, from looking backward to evaluate what happened in the past to looking forward to scenario planning and predictive modeling.”
With more and more companies using big data, the demand for data analytics specialists … is nearing a frenzy (CNBC).
We also offer
students practicum
and
internship opportunities
as part of our curriculum where you can get hands-on real-world business experience and earn academic credit at the same time.
Curriculum Overview and Degree Requirements
Students start their time at NC State Poole College of Management as either a management first year student (if you are a freshman) or in a major (if you are a transfer student). Regardless of your path, you will have plenty of time to explore the different things you want to do in business and accounting.
The accounting major requires students to complete
120 credits towards the degree
, comprised of courses in humanities and social sciences, mathematics, natural sciences, general electives, and credits specific to the accounting program.
Accounting majors also get a broad education in key business areas by taking core courses in entrepreneurship, finance, human resources management, IT, marketing, and operations and supply chain along with a capstone business strategy course.
Accounting major requirements include
30 credits
:
Core courses (21 credits)
, including ACC 210 (also 310 and 311) Financial Accounting, ACC 220 Managerial Accounting, ACC 330 Income Taxation, ACC 340 Information Systems and ACC 450 Auditing.
Analytics requirements (6 credits)
, including ACC/BUS 458 Analytics: From Data to Decisions and ACC 459: Analytics in Accounting and Finance.
Accounting electives (3 credits)
, including ACC 230 Individual Income Taxation, ACC 411 Business Valuation and ACC 420 Cost Accounting for Effective Management.
For full degree requirements, visit the
NC State Catalog
. To view individual courses, descriptions and schedules, use the
Course Search
.
Degree Progression
You will start your education by taking general education courses and a wide range of business courses. During your second and third year, y you will narrow in and focus on accounting courses.
Read more about Degree Progression
Career Opportunities in Accounting
Many students are drawn to the accounting profession because it is a high-paying and dependable career. The
average
entry-level staff accountant salary in the U.S. is $56,401, as of August 2021.
The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
predicts
the
employment of accountants and auditors is projected to grow 7%
from 2020 to 2030 – and approximately 135,000 openings for accountants and auditors is projected annually.
$56,401
Average entry-level staff accountant salary (Salary.com, 2021)
Every business employs accountants and accountants often end up as chief financial officers and chief executive officers of companies. Of course, many accounting majors start their careers in public accounting working in the audit, tax, or advisory service and consulting roles.
Careers include:
Staff accountant
Internal auditor
Budget analyst
Management accountant
Financial analyst
Loan officer
Financial controller
Forensic accountant
Environmental accountant
Financial advisor
…and more!
Launch your career –– the
Career Center
at Poole is here to support you.
#PoolePackAlum
Accounting Networking Night
The event is a professional network expansion opportunity for undergraduate accounting students to meet firm representatives and learn what direction they can take their degree in.
Read about Accounting Networking Night
Hear Accounting Stories
Poole Accounting Students Provide Free Tax Return Assistance
Since 2004, accounting students under the supervision of experienced accounting faculty have applied what they learn in the classroom as part of the Internal Revenue Service’s Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) program.
Read more
Meet Jim Scalise, Professor of Practice of Accounting
Jum Scalise brings over 35 years of industry and consulting experience to Poole College with the majority of his time spent as a management consultant for KPMG, one of the Big Four accounting firms.
Read more
Nasheena Quick Davis ’10: The Balancing Act
For Nasheena Quick Davis, the mission to embrace more than one part of her identity began in earnest as an undergraduate student at the Poole College of Management.
Read more
Hear From Our Accounting Alumni
Learn more about what career paths you can take with an accounting degree. Watch these videos to hear about the experiences of our accounting alumni and why they chose accounting at Poole College.
Play Video
Play Video
Additional Resources
First-Year Admission  ➜
Transfer Admission  ➜
Accounting Faculty  ➜
New Accounting Curriculum  ➜
Accounting Society at NC State  ➜
Accounting Resources ➜
Think accounting is for you? Let’s get you started.
Prospective Students: Contact Admissions
To receive information about undergraduate programs in the Poole College of Management, fill out Request for Information form.
Email Us
Current Students: Contact an Academic Advisor
Poole majors can make an appointment with an advisor using the Student Success GPS system at go.ncsu.edu/gps.
Meet Poole Advisors