URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/career-services/meet-the-career-team
TITLE: Meet the Career Team | Office of Undergraduate Programs

Meet the Career Team
Our team of Peer Career Coaches and elite Career Services professionals provide you with extensive services and resources to get you career ready.
Make an appointment
Peer Career Coaching
The Peer Career Coaches (PCCs) are trained undergraduate Poole College of Management students who provide resume and cover letter critiques, answer ePACK questions, provide interview prep, and connect you to resources offered by the Career Center.  Peer Career Coaches receive extensive training to provide you with information that will help you progress on your current career path.  Be sure to also connect with the PCCs on
LinkedIn
and
Instagram
.
Drop-In Hours
The Peer Career Coaches hold drop-in hours each semester.  For the Spring 2026 semester, drop-in hours* will be offered in person in Nelson Hall 2150.
Mondays: 11:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m.
Tuesdays: 11:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m.
Wednesdays: 11:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m.
Thursdays: 11:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m.
Virtual Evening Appointments
Virtual evening appointments are available* on:
Mondays: 6:00 p.m. – 8:00 p.m.
Tuesdays: 6:00 p.m. – 8:00 p.m.
Wednesdays: 6:00 p.m. – 8:00 p.m.
Thursdays: 6:00 p.m. – 8:00 p.m.
Use
Navigate
to make a virtual evening appointment with a Peer Career Coach.
If you have any questions or issues, please call the Poole College Career Center at
919-515-7174
or email us at
poole_careers@ncsu.edu
*All times listed are EST. No drop-in hours or virtual appointments will be held on NC State University holidays or breaks.
Employer Partnerships
In addition to a deep well of talent, Poole College offers a wealth of ways for companies to engage with our students and faculty — including mentorships and guest lectures.
Read more about Employer Partnerships
Undergraduate Career Center Team
Christina DeBerardino
Associate Director of Undergraduate Career Services
Educational Background:
Master’s of Labor Relations and Human Resources, Bachelor of Arts in Psychology from Michigan State University.
Work Experience/Professional Accolades:
Transitioned into career services and higher education, specifically in the areas of professional and career development, career counseling, and employer relations, after several years working in corporate human resources. Associate Director of Undergraduate Career Services, Assistant Director of Career Development, Course Coordinator and Instructor for M120, Professional Development and Career Planning, and Career Coach at Poole College of Management, NC State University. Adjunct Instructor, Professional Development Seminar III at William Peace University. Human Resources Manager at Jervis B. Webb, Johnson Controls, Omega Solutions and 5 Star Engineering corporations in Michigan. Areas of HR focus included talent acquisition, performance management, salary compensation systems, and training and development.
Interests:
Career Services Strategy & Branding, Curriculum & Program Development, Undergraduate Student Engagement, Professional Development, Employer Relations, and Student Success. Travelling, cooking, entertaining, and spending time with family & friends.
Read more
Julie Cline
Assistant Director of Undergraduate Career Services
Educational Background:
Master’s of Higher Education in Student Personnel Administration from The University of North Carolina at Greensboro, Bachelor of Science in Interpersonal Communication, Minor in English Literature from Appalachian State University,  Associate of Arts from Guilford Technical Community College.
Work Experience/Professional Accolades:
Administrative Assistant with Elon University School of Law Career Development Center, assisting law students and alumni with career development and career program development. Graduate Intern at Elon University, The University of North Carolina at Greensboro, and Western Carolina assisting with End of Year reporting, Job Application materials, Career Fairs, and Employer Development. She was the Assistant Director of Career Development, Internship Program Manager, Internship Curriculum Development, Employer Outreach, and Professional Development Instructor at William Peace University. She also has a background in Human Resources, Supply Chain Management, and Retail Sales.
Interests:
Transfer Students, Mental Health in the Workplace, Gamification of Career Development concepts, Program and Curriculum Development, Career Exploration and Career Resources.
Adriana Batiz Daleccio
Assistant Director of Undergraduate Career Services
Educational Background:
Master’s of Education in Higher Education and Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with a concentration in Information Management from University of Nevada, Las Vegas (UNLV), Gallup-Certified Strengths Coach
Work Experience:
Adriana has worked across multiple campus offices dedicated to supporting college student success and now serves in career advising, where she helps students build confidence, articulate their value, and navigate professional growth with clarity and purpose. With a background in teaching career development and transition-to-career courses, she is especially interested in how curriculum can be adapted to meet students’ evolving career needs, and she enjoys collaborating with faculty to integrate career development into academic learning. Her professional experience spans veteran services, first-year student support, academic advising, engineering tutoring, mentorship programs, and student orientations, all of which have shaped her passion for higher education and student professional development. Originally from Puerto Rico, Adriana also values working with minority populations and is committed to helping each student recognize their strengths and potential.
Interests:
Curriculum and Program Development, Minority Populations, Career Exploration, Student Success, Cooking, Traveling, Hiking, Arts and Crafts.
Alexis Collinsworth
Employer Relations & Marketing Coordinator
Educational Background:
Bachelor of Arts from UNC Wilmington in Film Studies with a minor in Entrepreneurship & Innovation. Master’s from UNC Wilmington in Film Studies.
Work Experience:
Lexi Collinsworth serves as the Employer Relations & Marketing Coordinator at NC State University’s Poole College of Management, where she supports employer engagement, marketing strategy, and event coordination for corporate partners and students. Before joining Poole, she worked at the University of North Carolina Wilmington’s Career Center in employer development and data management, strengthening relationships between employers and emerging talent. Her background also includes experience in marketing, operations, and communications through roles with the Cucalorus Film Foundation, EUE/Screen Gems, and GreenlightGO. She is also the founder of
The Reel Shot Photography, LLC
, a creative business specializing in photography, videography, and media production.
Interests:
Employer Engagement, Event Planning, Dance and Visual Storytelling, Creative Media and Photography, Global and Experiential Learning, Purpose-Driven Impact
Darien Bradley
Administrative Support Associate
Educational Background:
Bachelor of Arts from UNC Wilmington in Theatre Performance with a Minor in Creative Writing.
Work Experience:
She has experience as an Accounting Assistant, Guest Service Agent, Personal Assistant, and Film Extra.
Interests:
Event planning, creative problem solving, theatre & film, and animals.
Read more
Alicia James
Graduate Teaching Assistant Undergraduate Career Services
Educational Background:
PhD student in Educational, Leadership, Policy and Human Development at North Carolina State University, Master’s of Public Administration in Public Finance from The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Bachelor of Arts in English from The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Work Experience:
Budget and Management Analyst, North Carolina Office of State Budget and Management. Policy and Program Manager, Institute for Emerging Issues at North Carolina State University. Research Project Director, Environmental Finance Center at The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. She also has a background in workforce and economic development, public policy, applied research, and community engaged scholarship.
Interests:
Continuing and Professional Education, Lifelong Learning, and Higher Education Policy.
Contact Information
Email
:
poole_careers@ncsu.edu
Phone
: 919-515-7174
Location
: 1133 Nelson Hall
Advanced coaching appointments are available through
Navigate
.