URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/career-services/student-resources
TITLE: Student Resources | Office of Undergraduate Programs

Student Resources
Learn about career options, create a resume or portfolio, practice for an interview, or apply for jobs or internships.
Learn About Yourself and Your Career Options
Learn more about yourself, career options and career development resources to maximize your career and professional development while at Poole.
M120 Professional Development and Career Planning Course
Our
M120 Professional Development and Career Planning
course is designed to give students the tools necessary to help launch their careers. This one-credit-hour course, geared towards sophomores and juniors will walk you through essential employment strategies and teach you the competencies needed to conduct a successful 21st-century job search.
Free Personal Assessments
Jumpstart your career development by first learning more about yourself – interests, strengths, skills, values, and personality.
Focus 2
– learn about how your values, interests, competencies, and personality fit into NC State majors and your future career
Find My Interests
– the Interest Finder at NCcareers.org measures interests in and provides definitions for each of the six Holland RIASEC types.  A helpful assessment to understand more about how personal interests align with careers.
16 Personalities
O*Net Interest Profiler
Skills Matcher
Career Exploration Resources
Understanding career options is an important part of individual career development and lifelong career happiness.  Broaden your understanding of careers and the skills and abilities needed for each.
Information Interviewing. One of the best ways to get real, meaningful career information is to hear it from someone who does it as their job.  Meet with a career coach to discuss information interviewing and how to get started.
What Can I Do With This Major
is a best-in-class resource to explore academic majors and possible career paths for each major.  Learn more about common career areas, types of employers, strategies to move forward in the career, and additional resources.  As always, talk with your career coach to discuss what you have learned.
NCcareers
is North Carolina’s central online resource for students, parents, educators, job seekers, and career counselors looking for high-quality job and career information. Job seekers can identify their skills/interests; explore occupations and local job/employer needs; identify education and training opportunities and prepare to enter/re-enter the job market.
CareerOneStop
is the primary career, training, and job search website offered by the U.S. Department of Labor. The website serves job seekers, businesses, students, and career advisors with a variety of free online tools, information and resources.
M120 Professional Development and Career Planning
Designed to give students the tools necessary to help launch their careers.
Learn more about M120
Create Your Professional Profile
Start to create the documents and professional profile you need to effectively market yourself to employers.
Career Resources Guide
Our Career Resources Guide is a comprehensive resource packed with easy-to-read information on career preparation topics such as writing resumes and cover letters, interviewing, networking, interview preparation, making the most of a career fair, dining etiquette, and more. We call it our career prep playbook.
To request a copy of the guide, please contact us at
poole_careers@ncsu.edu
.
Resume, Cover Letter & Reference Page Style Guide
The Poole College of Management Resume, Cover Letter & Reference Page Style Guide is our preferred resource for creating your professional documents. The guide will teach you how to successfully market your skills and qualifications to employers and help you design a resume and cover letter that will land you interviews. It will also instruct you how and when to submit your references to an employer. Within the guide, you will find an overview of how to construct your resume, cover letter, and reference page, samples of each, easy-to-edit examples, and a full list of power verbs to assist you in describing your accomplishments.
To request a copy of the guide, please contact us at
poole_careers@ncsu.edu
.
Optimize Your LinkedIn Profile
In today’s job-search culture, a
LinkedIn
profile is an essential part of your online brand. You can also use LinkedIn to find jobs, maintain contact with past employers, co-workers, fellow classmates, and networking contacts.  After you build your profile, let a Poole Peer Career Coach review it to offer feedback. To get started, check out these
tips from LinkedIn for building a great student profile
.
Practice Interviews
Before engaging with employers or going on that first important interview, practice articulating your knowledge, skills and abilities.
Schedule Practice Interviews
Schedule a practice session with a Poole career coach using
Navigate
to prepare for your upcoming interview. Tell us about the job opportunity, employer, job responsibilities, stated qualifications – so that we can tailor the practice questions.
Professional Clothing Closet
The Career Center has a professional clothing closet available to students in need of professional attire for career fairs, interviews and networking events. Visit 1133 Nelson Hall during business hours for more information and to view and select clothing items.
Apply for Jobs and Internships
Once you have learned about yourself and career options, created your documents and professional profile, and practiced your interpersonal skills, it’s time to search and apply for internship and job opportunities.
ePACK
ePACK
is the campus-wide career information management system to begin your search for jobs and internships. Browse for hundreds of national and international job postings for all campus majors and concentration areas. Create a profile, upload your resume, and set up a job search agent. Students will also use ePACK to apply for campus interviews and RSVP for campus career events.
CareerShift
CareerShift is an easy-to-use online tool to organize and conduct a targeted job search.  Search and store job postings, compile lists of companies and contacts, upload company-targeted resumes and correspondence, and more. Access CareerShift by clicking “Resources” on the top right-hand side of your ePACK home page.
GoinGlobal
Interested in working abroad? GoinGlobal is an online database containing country-specific career and employment information, company profiles for key international employers, and thousands of international internship and job listings. International students at NC State will find the list of US companies who have employed individuals on an H-1B visa in the past 12 months helpful.  Access GoinGlobal through clicking “Resources” on the top right-hand side of your ePACK home page.
Interstride
Interstride
is an excellent online resource for both domestic and international students to find jobs, gather immigration information and support and expand their professional network. With Interstride, users can search for international-friendly jobs and internships in the US and beyond, filtering by work and visa type. Additionally, the platform offers insights into employers’ past H-1B sponsorship records for hiring international candidates. Users can also build connections with fellow international students, alumni, and globally minded professionals. Interstride also offers webinars, courses, and resources specifically tailored for international students, providing expert guidance on job search strategies, employment options, and immigration pathways in the U.S.