URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/academic-resources/policies
TITLE: Policies | Office of Undergraduate Programs

Policies
Majors/Minors/Concentrations
Changing a Major Within Poole
Students may change their major within Poole College regardless of their cumulative GPA.  To request a change of major, students should complete the Request to Change a Major form in MyPack Portal.
In consultation with an academic advisor, students who change their major may choose:
The most current curriculum associated with the new major, OR
The curriculum that was in place for the new major at the student’s date of entry into Poole College
Students interested in changing majors to a non-Poole major should consult the University’s
CODA process
.
Changing Concentrations Within Poole
Students may choose to change their concentration at any point. If a student changes their concentration after their registration period has opened, the student will be dropped from any pending courses associated with the previous concentration. They may attempt to re-enroll in those courses once concentration courses open to all Poole students as.
To change their concentration, the student must complete the concentration change form. Instructions can be found
here
. We strongly encourage students to contact an advisor prior to changing concentrations.
Note:
Students are not officially allowed to pursue multiple concentrations within the same major. (see ‘Second Concentrations’).
Requesting a Second Concentration Within Poole
Students are not officially permitted to declare more than one concentration within a single major.
Students enrolled in a Poole concentration may take courses from other concentrations when the enrollment period for those courses opens to all Poole students.  Please see
go.ncsu.edu/poole_courses
for more information.
Students interested in pursuing a second major within Poole should consult a member of the Poole Advising Team.
Requesting a Second Major Within Poole
Students may request a second major within the college, provided that there is not significant overlap in coursework (specifics outlined below) between the two majors.
IMPORTANT NOTES
:
Due to limitations in 400-level major-field courses, Poole College cannot guarantee spaces in those courses for a student’s second major. Being accepted into a second major does not guarantee the student will be able to enroll in the courses necessary to complete the additional major.  Students pursuing second majors may need to wait to secure a seat until students in the first majors are enrolled.
Students who are admitted to a second major will be admitted to the
current
curriculum associated with that second major.
Students are not officially permitted to declare more than one concentration within a single major. (See:  ‘Second Concentrations’)
Degree Requirements
Changing Curriculum Within Poole
Students may choose to move into the most current curriculum offered for their major.  The student will be required to complete the new curriculum as it is outlined without modification.  Students may not choose to move into an older curriculum. Students who choose to move into the new curriculum may not later choose to return to their old curriculum.
To change the curriculum, the student must consult with their academic advisor.
GPA Requirement for Graduation With Poole Major
As per
University Policy
, students must have a 2.0 cumulative GPA (without rounding) on all hours attempted at NC State. In addition, students must have at least a 2.0 GPA (without rounding) in the Poole major.  Students should refer to their degree audit for their major GPA and the courses included in its calculation.
Residency Requirements for Poole Major Degrees
NC State University Residency Requirements:
To be eligible for a bachelor’s degree, a student must be enrolled in a degree program at NC State, must have completed at least 25 percent of credit hours required for graduation through courses offered by NC State, and must have earned at least 30 of the last 45 hours of credit through NC State courses. In no case shall the proportion of credit hours taken at NC State and applied towards a bachelor’s degree be less than 25 percent. Individual departments and/or colleges may have additional residency requirements.
Poole College of Management Residency Requirements:
College-specific residency requirements must be met in addition to the University requirements noted above.
Poole College of Management requires all majors to earn at least half of their required major credits at NC State.
Major Specific Residency Requirements
:
Major-specific residency requirements must be met in addition to the University and College requirements noted above.
Accounting
For students who enrolled in Poole College prior to summer 2017
:
Students must complete 30 credit hours of their major course requirements for the accounting degree at NC State University
Students must take their ACC concentration course (ACC 411 for financial analysis, ACC 420 for managerial, ACC 440 for information systems and ACC 451 for internal auditing) and four of the following five courses at NC State: ACC 310, ACC 311, ACC 330, ACC 340 and ACC 450.
For students who enrolled in Poole College summer 2017
through spring 2025
:
Students must complete 30 credit hours of their major course requirements for the accounting degree at NC State University
Students must take ACC 450 and three of the following four courses at NC State: ACC 310, ACC 311, ACC 330 and ACC 340.
For students enrolling in Poole College summer 2025 or later:
Students must complete at least half of the credit hours of their major course requirements for the accounting degree at NC State University.
Business Administration
All students
: To be eligible for a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, a student must complete at least half of their required credit hours of the
major
course requirements for the degree at NC State University.
Economics
All students
: To be eligible for a bachelor’s degree in Economics, a student must complete at least half of the required economics credit hours (EC courses) at NC State University.
Courses included in Major Requirements List for Residency:
Economics
BA in Economics:
MIE 201
ACC 210
EC 201/EC 205/ARE 201
EC 301
EC 302
EC 351
EC 490
BUS 340
BUS 351
12 hours of Economics Electives
ST 350/ST 312/ST 370/ST 372
BS in Economics:
EC 201/EC 205/ARE 201
EC 301
EC 302
EC 351
EC 490
BUS 340
BUS 351
12 hours of Economics Electives
ST 350/ST 312/ST 370/ST 372
Accounting
EC 201/ARE 201
EC 202
ST 350/ST 312/ST 370/ST 372
BUS 351
ACC 210
ACC 220
ACC 310
ACC 311
ACC 330
ACC 340
ACC 450
ACC 458
ACC 459
Accounting Elective
BUS 320
BUS 360
BUS 370
MIE 201
MIE 305
MIE 330
MIE 480
Concentration Courses* (if declared concentration)
*12 credits in 2147; 9 credits in 2171 & 2178; 0 credits if doing no-concentration
Business Administration
EC 201/ARE 201
EC 202
ST 350/ST 312/ST 370/ST 372
BUS 351
ACC 210
ACC 220
BUS 320
BUS 340
BUS 360
BUS 370
MIE 201
MIE 305
MIE 310
MIE 330
MIE 480
Concentration Courses
Students who have questions regarding NC State Residency Requirements should contact
studentservices@ncsu.edu
.  Students who have questions regarding Poole or major Residency Requirements should contact
poole_graduation@ncsu.edu
.
Courses and Credits
Admissions Credit Opportunities – AP, IB, CLEP, etc.
Poole College follows the NC State University
course credit guidelines
for AP, IB, CLEP, and other credit opportunities.
Credit for Experiential Coursework
For all Poole Major Degrees (ECBS, ECBA, BUS, ACC):
Students can only receive credit for internships as part of university-approved coursework. Approval for and enrollment into internships-related coursework (Ex. ACC 499, M299, and M399) is required and must occur before the internship begins.
Credit-Only Courses (S/U Grading)
Before the Drop/Revision Deadline.
Students interested in taking a course for credit-only (S/U grading) can change the course grading on their own until the drop/revision deadline (see the
academic calendar
).  Please note – students can only change up to 12 credits of Free Electives and fitness courses to S/U.  Students are responsible for knowing how S/U graded courses will affect their progress to degree. Students should consult with The Poole Advising Team (
poole_advising@ncsu.edu
) if they have any questions.
After the Drop/Revision Deadline
.  Changing a course from graded to S/U grading will only be considered in cases with significant extenuating circumstances, typically only if the student is experiencing something unanticipated, unavoidable, and out of their control.
The student should discuss their situation with an academic advisor, and if warranted, the Director of Advising will review and may consult the Assistant Dean for a final decision. If approved, the student should complete a
Schedule Revision Request
.
Credit Overload Requests
University policy allows students to schedule up to 18 credits during the fall or spring semesters, and up to 8 credits in any summer session without any additional permission. Students who wish to exceed these registration limits need permission from a member of the Poole Advising Team. Permission is generally granted only in cases where students have a specific need to take additional credits and/or where students have established the ability to be successful while taking a high course load.
Fall/Spring semester:
To get permission to take:
19-21 units – the student should meet with a member of the Poole Advising Team to discuss the reasons for taking more than 18 units.  The advisor may approve this request in cases where reasoning is sound AND where the student has a prior semester of 17 or 18 units at NC State where they earned a 3.25 or higher semester GPA.  Situations in which the student does not meet the threshold above will be considered on a case-by-case basis.
If approved, the advisor will adjust the student’s credit limit in MyPack and the student can enroll in the course or courses.
22+ units – the student should meet with the Director of Advising to discuss the situation. Permission is generally only granted for very special circumstances and with significant evidence pointing toward the student’s ability to be successful in 22 or more credits.
If approved, the student will need to complete a Schedule Revision Form to add the class that would put them over 21 units. The Director of Advising will sign the form and send it to Registration and Records, who will enroll them in the course.
Note
– permission to take additional credits above 18 will be granted only if the course has open seats.
Summer semester:
If a student wants to take more than 8 units in a summer session, they follow the process for 22+ units above.
Study Abroad Exception
– students accepted to participate in select Poole Study Abroad Summer Programs are approved to take 9 units in order to go on the trip.  Advisors will process this exception after approval by the Poole Office of Global Programs.
Degree Requirement Exceptions
The academic degree requirements for Poole majors and minors are set by the academic department and must be completed as reflected in the degree audit. In rare cases, exceptions to degree requirements can be made at the discretion of the Poole Office of Undergraduate Programs in consultation with the academic departments.
Common requests include:
Using a transfer course in place of an NC State course
Using a different NC State course in place of a specific required course
Making an adjustment to a curricular requirement (e.g., changing the number of credits required in a particular area, using a course from one category in another category)
In all cases, even those where curricular adjustments are approved, students must complete at least 120 credits towards the major degree or 15 credits towards the minor degree (15 credits for Business Administration) and fulfill residency requirements. See ‘Residency Requirements for Major Degree’ for more information.
Students interested in requesting an exception to a degree requirement should contact their academic advisor to discuss their options. If they choose to pursue the request, they should submit the
Poole Course Substitution Form
to the Office of Undergraduate Programs. The request will be reviewed and the student will receive an email with the decision.
Please note, all requests must include a written statement explaining why the request is being made, and in most cases, the request should also include a course syllabus (if the request is for a specific course or course-based degree requirement).
Poole College Honors Courses
Honors sections of courses are designated with an “H” suffix in the section number (e.g., 003H).  These courses typically have smaller class sizes and provide a more in-depth exploration of subject matter and content.
Students enrolled in Poole courses with honors designation must meet the requirements of the course with a grade of B or higher to receive recognition for completion of the honors version of the course.
Those students who do not meet these requirements will have the honors designation removed from the course by Registration and Records at the request of the faculty. The faculty member will facilitate this process by contacting the Poole College Office of Undergraduate Programs.  In this case, the transcript will not reflect completion of honors requirements.
Students who are interested in receiving an honors designation in a course that does not have an honors section may request that their instructor consider allowing an honors contract.  If the instructor is willing, the student and instructor should follow the timeline and procedures set forth by the
University Honors Program
. An instructor is under no obligation to allow an honors contract and may make a decision based on each individual case.
Transfer Course Credit
The University decides which transfer courses are awarded NC State credit while the colleges and academic departments determine how those transfer credits will count towards a specific degree. This policy only affects how courses can be applied to Poole College major degrees and minor certifications. It does not affect whether those courses will be counted for NC State credit by the university.
Please consult the
NC State Transfer Course Credit
database maintained by
University Admissions
for transfer course equivalencies.  As is noted on the transfer database webpage:
“Courses found on these lists are considered to be college level for admissions purposes. Their applicability to a specific degree program varies by department. The course equivalencies on this list are for information purposes only and subject to change due to revisions in course offerings at the external institution and at NC State.”
Transfer Course Policy
Courses approved by the University for NC State credit will be accepted for use in Poole College degree plans in conjunction with the following guidelines:
100-level courses taken at other U.S. institutions will not be accepted to fulfill 300- or 400-level major degree requirements*.
200-level courses taken at other U.S. institutions are subject to review by the Office of Undergraduate Programs in consultation with the academic departments to determine suitability to fulfill 300- or 400-level major degree requirements*
*A list of what is considered a 300 or 400-level “major degree requirement” can be found below
Additional Guidelines Associated with the Transfer Course Policy:
This policy only applies only to courses taken at U.S. higher education institutions; courses from institutions outside the United States are reviewed by the Poole Office of Undergraduate Programs on an individual basis.
Courses awarded transfer credit by NC State that are not eligible to fulfill major degree requirements may still be used to fulfill other degree requirements and/or free electives as appropriate.
Courses that do not fit into the 100/200/300/400 numbering system (e.g., BUS 1002) will be reviewed individually by the Office of Undergraduate Programs.
The Poole College reserves the right to make updates or changes to how transfer courses will count at any point, based on a full review of the course.
Procedures for Pursuing Transfer Credit Approval:
Poole Students…
Who are currently taking, or who have previously taken, a course at another institution that has not been identified as a direct equivalent to an NC State course should consult with their academic advisor and potentially complete a
Poole Course Substitution Form
.
Who plan to enroll in a course at another U.S. institution in a future semester and seek transfer credit for that course should consult the
Transfer Course Database
, discuss the course with their academic advisor, and complete a
Course Transfer Request Form
prior to enrolling in the course.
Who plan to enroll in a course at a non-U.S. institution should contact the
Poole Global Programs
office to complete the necessary paperwork and course approval process.
Major Degree Courses Subject to the Restriction on Transfer Courses Policy
ACC Major
Degree Requirements
BUS 320
BUS 340
ST 350
BUS 351
BUS 360
BUS 370
MIE 305
MIE 330
MIE 480
ACC 310
ACC 311
ACC 330
ACC 340
All 400-level ACC Courses
All 400-level Concentration Courses
BUS Major
Degree Requirements
BUS 320
BUS 340
ST 350
BUS 351
BUS 360
BUS 370
MIE 305
MIE 310
MIE 330
MIE 480
All 400-level BUS Courses
All 400-level MIE Courses
All 400-level Concentration Courses
EC Major
Degree Requirements
All 300-level EC courses
All 400-level EC courses
Transfer Credit and the ENG 101 Requirement
Students with questions about the First-Year Writing (ENG 101) requirement
and placement policy should consult the
Department of English webpage
focused on this general education requirement.
Students who are potentially bringing in transfer credit for an English composition
course should consult the above page and the page that outlines
First-Year Writing Program Transfer Credit Guidelines.
Students who wish to use a 3-credit transfer course toward the ENG 101 requirement should see the
First-Year Writing Program Transfer Credit Guidelines
.
Courses and Registration
Adding a Course for the Third Time
NC State prohibits students from attempting the same course more than twice* without permission from the Dean of their college. See
REG 02.20.06 – Course Repeat Regulation
for the full university regulation. Poole students who need to take a course for the third time should consult with their academic advisor. Permission to take a course for the third (or greater) time is rarely granted and is only considered with significant extenuating circumstances.
*Note – Withdrawals count as an attempt.
Approval Process
– After discussing the situation with their academic advisor, the student will be instructed to complete the
Schedule Revision Request
form via MyPack Portal, which will be reviewed by the Director of Advising. Students can expect for their Schedule Revision Request to be processed within one week.
Auditing a Course
Please see the
NCSU regulation
on auditing courses.
Students requesting to audit Poole courses (ACC, BUS, EC, M, MIE) are required to secure an audit agreement with the instructor of the course no later than Census Date.
If a student is interested in auditing a non-Poole course, they should first speak with their advisor to ensure they understand what an audit means (e.g., it still shows on your transcript, you still have to pay for it, etc.) After speaking with an advisor, if the student would still like to audit the course, they should complete the
Audit Request Form
on the Student Services website.
Course Enrollment
*Please note that courses that have different calendars than the standard 16-week course schedule (e.g., 8-week courses) may have different deadlines. Consult the
academic calendar
for more information.
ADDING POOLE COURSES
During the Standard Registration Period
(
see Enrollment Calendar
)
:
Poole College courses (ACC, BUS, EC, M, MIE) are available to students as indicated on the Poole scheduling webpage at
go.ncsu.edu/poole_courses
.  Please note that most Poole courses are restricted to students in a Poole major.
Students may add courses without permission through the enrollment wizard in MyPack Portal through the
sixth day of class
.  They can find more information at
https://studentservices.ncsu.edu/your-classes/registration/
.
Students should also review and be familiar with the university policies and procedures on adding and dropping courses at
https://policies.ncsu.edu/regulation/reg-02-20-02/
.
Courses Requiring Permission
: In some cases adding or dropping a course may require permission (as indicated on the schedule of courses and in the enrollment wizard) during the first week. In these situations, information indicating what a student needs to do to enroll is included in the notes section of the course listing in the enrollment wizard.  If it is not, or there are any questions, the student should contact
poole_scheduling@ncsu.edu
and include the specific course and section in which they are attempting to enroll.  A screenshot of any error messages during enrollment processing is also helpful to include.
After the sixth day of classes
through the tenth day of classes (census date) students are required to get permission to add or swap a class. In most cases, enrollment is only approved if there are extenuating circumstances. For Poole courses, students currently in a Poole major should work with the advising team; students not in a Poole major should send an email request to
poole_scheduling@ncsu.edu
with information about the course they are requesting. All decisions about enrollment in Poole courses are made by the Poole Office of Undergraduate Programs. Individual Poole instructors cannot add students to their classes.
After the census date
, a student may only add a course if there are extenuating circumstances. Poole very rarely grants permission to late-add courses. Poole majors should work with an academic advisor to discuss the situation and whether a late-add is appropriate.  If the situation warrants consideration, the student should complete a
Schedule Revision Request
.
Requests to drop, swap, or change courses to credit or audit after the Drop/Revision deadline are considered only for unforeseen and unavoidable extenuating personal situations. In general, these situations fall into one of three categories:
Medical
Psychological
Dire Personal or Family Hardship
Reasons that are not valid for dropping (or changing to credit or audit) courses after the deadline include, but are not limited to, the following:
“I am doing poorly in the course.”
“I do not like the way the course is being taught.”
“I am transferring to another university.”
“I want to protect my GPA (for jobs, scholarships, etc.”
“This course is no longer required for my program.”
Any other reason that is not medical, psychological, or dire personal or family hardship.
ADDING NON-POOLE COURSES
Departments on campus manage enrollment in different ways.  Poole majors who want to add non-Poole courses after the sixth day of classes or where there are course prerequisites/restrictions should speak with the instructor and/or department offering the course they wish to add.
Related Policies & Procedures
If you are trying to add a course for the third time (or more), please see the policy on course repeats.
If you are trying to add a course that will put you over 18 credits for the semester, please see the credit overload policy.
If you are interested in auditing a course, please see the “auditing a course” policy.
Enrolling in Courses Where Prerequisite or Restriction is Not Met
*For more information on prerequisites and waivers, please see the section on Prerequisites…
Students who meet course prerequisites from:
transfer credit
previously approved course substitution or degree requirement exception
prerequisite waiver
will not be able to add the course themselves via the Course Enrollment Wizard on MyPack.
Instead, they must complete the
Prerequisite Override Request Form
to be enrolled.
While we will do our best to enroll students in courses via the Prerequisite Override Request Form as close to their scheduled registration date and time, we cannot guarantee that they will be enrolled as soon as the enrollment window opens.
Enrollment in Poole Courses for Non-NC State Students
Poole courses (ACC, BUS, EC, M, MIE) are in high demand, and so registration in these courses is generally tightly restricted to students enrolled in Poole majors and minors.  However, in some cases, non-NC State students may be permitted to enroll as long as there is
space available
and they
meet the course prerequisite
(s).
Students participating in the
Cooperating Raleigh Colleges (CRC)
program should contact NC State’s
Office of Registration and Records
(R&R) first to determine the process to be approved to take courses at NC State. Permission from the Poole Office of Undergraduate Programs will also be required for any Poole courses, but the student should start with R&R first, and then contact
poole_scheduling@ncsu.edu
.
Non-NC State students not participating in the CRC will need to be registered as Non-Degree Studies (NDS) students prior to enrolling in courses – more information can be found
here
.
Enrollment requests for Poole courses for NDS (or potential NDS) students will be considered on an individual basis. Interested students should send an email with specific information about their situation and the course(s) requested to
poole_scheduling@ncsu.edu
, along with a digital transcript (unofficial is fine) from any other higher education institutions that the student is attending or has previously attended.
Independent Study Courses
Independent Study courses provide students with an individualized opportunity to pursue academic content outside the scope of typically offered courses. These courses proceed under the direction of a full-time faculty member who work with and guides students through the investigation of course content.
Poole College students wishing to enroll in an independent study should consult with an academic advisor and/or the department to determine whether an independent study is appropriate.  Generally speaking, independent study courses should be considered for advanced undergraduate students who seek in-depth exploration of a topic for which there is not a course available or where a course does not exist at the desired level of rigor. Independent studies may not be used to gain credit for internship experiences.
Please note
: Independent Study courses are only possible at the discretion of the faculty member and the academic department, and there is no guarantee that they will be made available.
Students must complete a
Course Agreement for Non-Standard Courses
.  The Agreement must be completed and signed by the student, the supervising faculty member, and the appropriate department head prior to enrollment in the independent study. Completed agreements should be submitted to the Office of Undergraduate Programs for verification and enrollment.
Independent study courses in Poole College are numbered as 498 courses in the appropriate academic department.  Independent study courses may be taken for a grade or as S/U and can carry 1-6 credits.
Pre- and Co-requisites for Poole Courses
Pre- and co-requisites for Poole Courses (ACC, BUS, EC, M, MIE) are established by the academic departments and college, and then approved and implemented by the university. They are established to ensure that students have the academic preparation necessary to be successful in a given course. Pre- and co-requisites are indicated in the course catalog and in the schedule of courses.
Students who believe they have met the pre- and co-requisites in an alternate fashion or who believe they face extenuating circumstances may elect to request a waiver of pre- and co-requisites.  Poole students who would like to request a waiver of pre- and/or co-requisite(s) should acquire a Prerequisite Waiver from the Poole Advising Team (
poole_advising@ncsu.edu
) and submit it for review.. Non-Poole students should email
poole_scheduling@ncsu.edu
to request the form.
Decisions are made by the Office of Undergraduate Programs in consultation with the academic departments and are based on the individual situation and any extenuating circumstances. In most cases, a student requesting a waiver of pre -and/or co-requisites must provide evidence of how they have met the pre- and/or co-requisite in an alternate fashion (e.g., completing a more rigorous course than the prerequisite), or how they have alternate preparation to be successful academically in the course.
For more information on enrolling in courses where the pre- and/or co-requisite is not met, see  the section on
Enrolling in Courses Where Prerequisite or Restriction is Not Met
.
Registration of Non-Poole Students in 400-Level Poole Courses
Students who are not enrolled in a Poole College major or minor are prohibited from enrolling in 400- level Poole courses (ACC, BUS, EC, MIE).  Students enrolled in Poole minors that require 400-level Poole courses are permitted to take only the 400-level Poole courses required to complete that minor.
Non-Degree Seeking (NDS) students who wish to enroll in a 400-level Poole Course will be considered on an individual basis.  NDS students interested in pursuing a 400-level Poole course should contact the Poole Curriculum, Scheduling, and Student Records office at
poole_scheduling@ncsu.edu
.
Advising
Advising Grievance Procedure
All students newly admitted to the Poole College of Management are assigned to the Poole Advising Team after their enrollment is processed or their change of major is made effective.
If a student has a concern about the experience with their academic advising experience, they should first address the concern directly with their assigned advisor. If the student is not able to resolve the concern, the student should contact the Office of Undergraduate Programs at 919-515-5565 or
poole_undergraduate@ncsu.edu
to schedule an appointment with the Director of Advising.
The Director will review the concern and collaborate with the student and the academic advisor to devise a means of addressing the concern.
Continuation of Enrollment (Suspension)
The Poole College of Management follows university regulations related to the continuation of undergraduate enrollment. Students should consult NC State
Regulation 02.05.01
for university policies on academic standing, academic warning, academic probation, and academic suspension.
More information on these things and related academic standing policies and procedures can be found in the University’s online
Student Services Center
. Questions can also be directed to the Poole Advising Team, or to the University Office of Registration and Records –
https://registrar.ncsu.edu/
.
Dropping/Withdrawing From a Course
Please consult
University Regulation 02.20.02 – Adding and Dropping Courses
*Please note that courses that have different calendars than the traditional course schedule (e.g., 8-week courses) may have different deadlines. Consult the academic calendar for more information.
Prior to Census Date
(
view academic calendar
) – a student can drop a course in MyPack and will not receive a W (for Withdrawal) notation on their transcript.  This is also the deadline for a student who is full-time (above 12 units) to drop below full-time status on their own.
After Census date, but prior to the drop/revision deadline
(
academic calendar
), a student can drop a course in MyPack on their own if doing so does not drop them below 12 credits. Dropping a course during this period will result in a W on the transcript.  Students considering dropping a class before the drop/revision deadline are strongly encouraged to speak with an academic advisor prior to doing so. If dropping the course will put them below 12 credits, they must complete a
Schedule Revision Request
in MyPack portal.
After the drop/revision deadline
, approval is granted only if there are extraordinary extenuating circumstances specific to that one course. Students in this situation should consult with the Poole Advising Team.  Dropping a course during this period will result in a W on the transcript.
Important Notes:
Students are restricted to 16 credits of course withdrawals during their undergraduate enrollment – see
University Regulation 02.20.02
(Section 3) for more information.
At any point during the first two weeks (10 business days) of the fall or spring semester, students who need to drop ALL courses they are enrolled in will need to process a semester withdrawal. More information on withdrawal is available here –
https://policies.ncsu.edu/regulation/reg-02-05-04/
.  Or in the Poole Withdrawal policy.
Students who need to withdraw from an entire semester should talk with their advisor, and may want to consider a semester withdrawal (link to Poole withdrawal policy).
Registration Advising and Advising Holds
As per university practice, all undergraduate students within the Poole College of Management will have an advising hold placed on their account prior to registration for the upcoming semester.  In preparation for registration for an upcoming semester, students will receive information from the Poole Advising Team about how to have their advising hold released.
It is the student’s responsibility to complete the necessary process to have the advising hold released. Once students have completed the process communicated by the Poole Advising Team, the student’s hold will be released within the communicated timeframe.
Important Note
: Students with enough credits to graduate will still have an advising hold placed on their account. This does not need to be addressed unless the student needs to register for the upcoming semester.
Withdrawing from the University
The Poole College follows
University policy
on student semester term withdrawals. It is strongly encouraged that students consult with the Poole Advising Team prior to initiating an undergraduate term withdrawal request.
Prior to the drop/revision deadline
(see the University’s
academic calendar
) students may initiate a Withdrawal in MyPack.  Withdrawals initiated after Census Date, but prior to the Drop/Revision deadline don’t require approval.
After the drop/revision deadline (up to 30 days after the end of the term)
,  students can follow the same process in MyPack to initiate a Withdrawal request, but they require approval before being granted. Schedule Revision Requests are routed to the Director of Academic Advising and are evaluated to determine whether extenuating circumstances that were unanticipated, unavoidable and uncontrollable are present.
Withdrawal requests initiated 30 days or more after a term ends
are considered retroactive and are initiated in the counseling center and routed directly to the Assistant Dean. The Assistant Dean, in consultation with the counseling center, reviews relevant documentation and background to determine whether extenuating circumstances that meet the criteria of unanticipated, unavoidable and uncontrollable are present.   If so, the Assistant Dean approves the retroactive withdrawal request.
Other Policies and Procedures
Poole College Email Policy
Upon enrollment, all students at NC State are given an official NC State email address.
The Poole College of Management follows
university policy and treats this as the student’s official contact method.
To ensure that the privacy of student academic records is maintained, students in Poole must conduct all business with the college from their official assigned NC State email address. The Office of Undergraduate Programs and Poole faculty and staff may not be able to respond to and/or provide specific academic information to non-NCSU email accounts.
In consideration of the large amounts of email that students receive, the Office of Undergraduate Programs does their best to send out only important information via email. These essential emails are sent out to all students, and students cannot opt-out of receiving them. Emails deemed non-essential are generally distributed via email groups that have an opt-out option.
Important
: Students should check their NC State email account consistently to ensure that they are aware of any information from Poole faculty, staff or the college. Students should check their email to stay abreast of essential college and university information.
Contractual Readmission to a Poole Major
Overview of Procedures for Contractual Readmission to the Poole College of Management
Students who are approved for
contractual readmission
, for purposes of graduation eligibility, will be granted a second contractual grade point average. This will be calculated based only on courses that are attempted after readmission.
In order to be considered for contractual readmission
, the student must have been away from NC State for at least three years (as per university policy).
If the student is currently or was previously enrolled in an accounting, business management, or economics degree program in Poole College, the student meets with the Poole Director of Academic Advising to discuss the possibility of returning under contractual readmission.
If the student was or is enrolled in a college other than Poole, they meet with the Poole Director of Admissions to discuss the possibility of returning under contractual readmission. The meeting must take place no later than 30 days prior to the University’s readmission application deadline.
To schedule the meeting, please contact the Office of Undergraduate Programs at (919) 515-5565.
The student should bring the following to the meeting:
Transcript of any coursework completed at other institution(s)
Evidence of academic progress (college coursework, military training, certifications, etc.
Any other supporting documents (resume, medical reports, etc)
Important Note
: The college is under no obligation to consider contractual readmission requests.
After the meeting
, if the student chooses to go forward they will be asked to submit a completed “Contractual Readmission Packet” to the Director (with whom they met) no later than two weeks prior to the University’s readmission application deadline.
The student may be required to meet in person with the Assistant Dean.
Following the assistant dean’s review, the student will be notified to pick up their packet from the Poole Office of Undergraduate Programs (Nelson 2150).
The student should submit the fully signed paperwork to the Readmission Coordinators in Registration and Records (1000 Harris Hall).
Students who are denied may apply again for the next readmission cycle if evidence of additional academic progress is provided.
Links for additional information
:
For additional information visit the
Readmission website
Senior Reexamination Policy
Please see the university policy, REG 02.20.14 Test and Examinations,
located
here
.
In addition to the guidelines set forth by the university policy related to senior reexamination, seniors interested in pursuing reexamination in Poole College of Management should pursue the following steps:
The student must contact the instructor to request re-exam
The student (after consulting with advisor or instructor) will contact poole_graduation@ncsu.edu to verify criteria 7.1.1-7.1.3 of the university policy; poole_graduation will notify department head if student meets criteria
If the student meets the criteria, the department head will email instructor noting approval and requesting instructor to administer the reexamination (per 7.1.4 of the university
policy
)
The instructor will facilitate the reexamination and issue the new grade