URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate
TITLE: Office of Undergraduate Programs

Real-World Ready
Undergraduate education in the Poole College of Management focuses on practical learning and analytical thinking to position graduates for business success.
Find your path to Poole
Upcoming Events
All Events
Jun
09
Tuesday
7:00 PM
IBDD Virtual Information Session
here to support you
Explore Majors and Minors
Business Courses for Non-Business Majors
Meet with an Advisor
Work With Career Services
Student Newsletter
Meet With Our Embedded Counselor
Wolfpack Wellness
Find Academic Resources
Poole IT Support
Study Abroad Opportunities
student life
Get Involved With Poole College
There’s a place for everyone in Poole College. Explore ways you can find community, learn outside the classroom, build your resume and make the most of your time at NC State.
Explore student life
No. 1 in NC and No. 21 Nationally For Undergraduate Business Analytics
U.S. News & World Report, 2024
More Facts and Rankings
Follow Our Poole Pack
See what’s going on around the college — and at NC State — on Poole College’s social media accounts.
Follow us on Instagram
This sound has us in tears. 🥹❤️
#NCStatePoole
Open post by ncstatepoole with ID 18100567069962195
This sound has us in tears. 🥹❤️
#NCStatePoole
…
Meet Taya Mishin, a #PoolePack senior studying business administration with a concentration in marketing and a minor in economics! 🐺🐾
Taya is from📍Hillsborough, NC. ✨
Student Involvement: ⬇️
• Captain of NC State Dance Team
• Pappas Real Estate Development Program Social Media
• Real Estate Club
• Beta Gamma Sigma Honor Society
• Sales Club
#TakeoverTuesday #NCStatePoole
Open post by ncstatepoole with ID 17967202353049639
Meet Taya Mishin, a #PoolePack senior studying business administration with a concentration in marketing and a minor in economics! 🐺🐾
Taya is from📍Hillsborough, NC. ✨
Student Involvement: ⬇️
• Captain of NC State Dance Team
• Pappas Real Estate Development Program Social Media
• Real Estate Club
• Beta Gamma Sigma Honor Society
• Sales Club
#TakeoverTuesday #NCStatePoole
…
Career Signing Day 2026 💼🎟️✨
#NCStatePoole #PoolePack
Open post by ncstatepoole with ID 18320423845249586
Career Signing Day 2026 💼🎟️✨
#NCStatePoole #PoolePack
…
Several Poole Community Annual Events
Explore our culture and community
1 in 3 Poole Students Studies Abroad
Discover our global programs
“
My key takeaway from my Poole experience is that you get out of it what you put in. I would encourage all students to be engaging in their classes, talk to classmates and professors, get involved and to study abroad.
“
Jake Petrillo
B.S. accounting, 2022
Undergraduate News
More news from Poole College
April 24, 2026
Meet Poole’s Student Commencement Speaker Makayla Richardson
The NC State double-major and accomplished student leader will deliver remarks to her fellow graduates at Poole College's May 9 undergraduate commencement ceremony.
April 22, 2026
Poole College Congratulates Spring 2026 Student-Athlete Graduates
As they prepare to turn their tassels on May 9, four student-athletes share their unique journeys through Poole College.
April 21, 2026
Putting Accounting Skills to Work for the Community
Through the HIE mini-grant program, faculty member Mary Newman is expanding hands-on learning with an accounting nonprofit practicum that connects students with organizations across North Carolina to solve real-world problems.