URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/scholarships
TITLE: Scholarships | Office of Undergraduate Programs

Scholarships
Poole College of Management undergraduate scholarships are available to students who are currently enrolled in a major within our college, or incoming admitted first-year students.
Did You Know You May be Eligible For a Scholarship?
Play Video
Fill out
one application
and be considered for 20+ scholarships!
Available to Poole majors with at least a 3.0 GPA and all incoming admitted first-year students
A wide range of need-based and merit-based scholarships
Ranging from $1,000-$10,000 –– some are renewable
Priority deadline is the same every year:
February 15
Apply for Poole Scholarships
Application is open now!
Submit your application by the Feb. 15 priority deadline to receive full consideration for all awards
.
Apply through Pack Assist
Eligibility
Poole College of Management undergraduate scholarships are available to students who are currently enrolled in a major within our college, or incoming admitted first-year students.
All students who apply for Poole scholarships by February 15 will be considered for available merit-based and need-based scholarships. Students who submit the
Free Application For Federal and Student Aid
(FAFSA) by March 1 will be considered for need-based academic scholarships.
How to Apply
Visit the NC State University’s scholarship application portal
Pack Assist
. You can access the portal by visiting
go.ncsu.edu/packassist
.
Complete the general application for available scholarships at NC State. Please answer all questions. It is highly recommended you answer all optional questions to give scholarship reviewers thorough and accurate information about your qualifications.
Once you’ve completed the general application, you will be prompted to complete the Poole College of Management Undergraduate Scholarships application. You must complete this application to be considered for Poole scholarships.
Scholarship decisions for returning students will be made by June 1. New incoming students that were selected for scholarships were notified by the Office of Scholarship & Financial Aid.  If additional scholarship opportunities become available after these dates, the Poole scholarship committee will consider any student who has completed an application.
Students that are not selected to receive awards will not be contacted directly but are encouraged to apply again next cycle.
Current Students: Visit the University Fellowships Office
We help NC State’s undergraduate students, graduate students, and alums learn of and apply for nationally competitive and prestigious awards.
Learn more
Prospective Students: Visit the Scholarships and Financial Aid Office
Explore various financial aid opportunities and responsibilities that will help you make the most of that investment.
Learn more
How to Make Your Application Stand Out
Provide thoughtful responses to all essays
Provide detailed examples (the who, what, when and where of the chosen example)
Articulate the impact of the example on your growth and development (why did you pick this particular example?)
Demonstrate meaningful connections to self-awareness (how has the chosen example shaped your personal and professional identity development)
Apply for Poole Scholarships
Scholarship Donors
If you would like to invest in the business leaders of the future by establishing a new scholarship or contributing to the support of a current scholarship, please visit our
Poole giving page
.
Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid
A wide range of university-wide financial aid support is available to NC State students. This includes academic merit awards, need-based scholarships, grants, loans and work-study programs.
Learn More
Cost of Attendance
The cost of attending college includes both direct and indirect costs. Use our cost estimate calculator to determine your out-of-pocket costs.
Learn More