URL: https://poole.ncsu.edu/undergraduate/majors-and-minors
TITLE: Majors and Minors | Office of Undergraduate Programs

Majors and Minors
We offer a range of high-quality degree options to prepare you for whatever career you choose.
Find Your Fit
Students in Poole College can choose a major from among three areas:
Accounting
Business Administration
Economics
Each program includes options to select concentrations or types of degrees to further focus your studies. Or if you want broader exposure to multiple areas, you can also choose from a variety of minors, like accounting and business entrepreneurship, to supplement your degree.
Each degree program offers teaching from faculty who are experts in their fields, as well as abundant opportunities to
put your learning into practice
in real-world situations. No matter what course of study you pursue, you’ll leave NC State prepared to make your mark on the business world.
our majors
Accounting
Our recently revamped accounting curriculum integrates a focus on analytics to help prepare students for success in today’s data-driven business world.
Business Administration
Students can pick from concentrations in entrepreneurship, finance, human resource management, information technology, marketing and operations/supply chain management.
Economics
Students can select the Bachelor of Arts in Economics, which includes more liberal arts courses, or the Bachelor of Science in Economics, which provides in-­depth training in analytical methods.
Explore Minors
Whether your major is in Poole College or elsewhere at NC State, you can supplement it by completing one or more of our four minor programs: accounting, business administration, business entrepreneurship or economics.
Learn more about the
minors
Choose Your Own Adventure
Degree programs in Poole College aren’t one-size-fits-all. Here, you can
make your academic journey your own
.
Through the Management First-Year program, students in our college take courses across all key areas of business, giving them the experience they need to select an area of specialization and also be a well-rounded contributor in any field they choose.
Students can further
broaden their horizons
by participating in one of our honors, dual degree or global study programs. The staff and faculty in our college are dedicated to helping you find the path that’s right for you and follow it successfully.
Management First-Year
All first-year students start in our Management First-Year program, which helps them explore courses of study in the college before they enroll in a major.
Learn more
Honors Programs
Outstanding students can go deeper in their studies through one of our honors programs.
Browse the options
Dual Degree Programs
We partner with other colleges at NC State to offer programs that help you combine a business education with another subject area while earning two degrees.
Discover the programs
Advising
The advising staff in our college are dedicated to supporting you academically, professionally and personally.
Explore advising resources
Academic Resources
Find information about registration, policies, graduation and other resources related to academics in Poole College right here.
Find what you need
Admissions
If you can see yourself at NC State and Poole College, explore how to apply for admission.
Learn how to join us