URL: https://www.susqu.edu/admission/financial-aid/pay-your-bill
TITLE: Pay Your Bill - Susquehanna University

Skip to main content
How to Access & Pay Your Bill
Student Account Center Portal is accessible through
MyNest
. This portal is the only way to view and pay tuition, fees and other charges, as paper statements are not mailed. Due to student privacy regulations (FERPA),
students must grant parents/guardians access
to view their accounts.
Create a Financial Plan
College is a smart investment, and planning for it doesn’t have to be overwhelming. Susquehanna makes it simple with a step-by-step
financial plan
designed to help you understand your costs, explore aid options and confidently prepare to pay your bill for the academic year.
Student Payment Steps
Log in to
MyNest
.
Click the MY AID & STUDENT ACCOUNT tile.
Click Payment & Billing.
Click Proceed to Processor.
Granting Parent/Guardian Access
After following the steps above:
Click Add in the
Manage Payers
section.
Complete the “Add Authorized Party”
form.
Click Save.
Parents/guardians will receive an email invitation to create a login.
International Payments
International students can submit payment
here
or mail checks (payable to Susquehanna University) to: Susquehanna University, Attn: SFS Office, 514 University Ave., Selinsgrove, PA 17870-0116
Tuition Insurance
This optional coverage provides a 100% refund for tuition and some fees if a student is unable to complete a semester due to medical reasons.
Payment Methods & Fees
✔ Credit/debit card payments (American Express, Discover, Mastercard, Visa) –
Service fees apply
✔ Electronic check payments –
No fee
✔
Flexible payment plans
–
6-, 5-, 4- or 3-month options
Refunds via Direct Deposit
Direct deposit is the preferred method for refunds. Direct deposit can be set up through
MyNest
by following the steps below. Direct deposit information
MUST BE entered in
MyNest
by midnight on the Tuesday before the refund
is issued.
Steps to Set Up Direct Deposit
Log in to
MyNest
.
Click MY AID & STUDENT ACCOUNT.
Click Direct Deposit and click Add an Account.
Slide the Activate button to the right and click Next.
Fill out Edit Bank Account Details and click Submit.
More Student Financial Services Resources
Explore these helpful resources to understand your financial responsibilities and navigate billing and payment processes at Susquehanna University.
1098-T FAQ
: Learn more about tax forms and what to expect.
Financial Responsibility
: Understand your student obligations regarding tuition and fees.
Payment Plans
: Discover flexible options to manage your payments throughout the semester.
Withdrawal & Tuition Adjustment Policy
: Review the policies regarding tuition adjustments in the case of withdrawal.
Tuition & Cost
: At Susquehanna University, we’re committed to helping you make your education affordable. Nearly all students receive financial assistance and most graduate in just four years, saving both time and money.
Financial Aid
: Whether you are applying as a new student, regular or early decision, or returning to Susquehanna, learn what you need to do to receive financial aid.
Have Questions?
Contact Us
Student Financial Services
514 University Ave.
Selinsgrove, Pa. 17870
Get Directions
Location
Student Financial Services Office
Campus Map
Phone & Email
570-372-4450