URL: https://www.susqu.edu/admission/financial-aid/applying-for-aid
TITLE: Applying For Aid - Susquehanna University

Skip to main content
Home
Admission
Financial Aid
Applying For Aid
Access to Education Starts Here
Whether you are applying as a new student, regular or early decision, or returning to Susquehanna, learn what you need to do to receive financial aid.
The process can feel overwhelming, but we are here to help. Check out our
Financial Aid page
for answers to common questions about eligibility, applying for aid and maintaining your awards.
How we determine your financial need
We build financial aid packages that will include scholarships, grants, work and loans. We determine your financial need based on the following: Our Cost – Student Aid Index = Financial Need
Cost
This includes:
Tuition and fees
Housing and food
Estimates for books, personal expenses and transportation (around $2,000 per year)
Student Aid Index (SAI)
Student Aid Index is a number used to determine your eligibility for need-based aid and is calculated using information the student and their contributors provide on the FAFSA.
Financial Need
The difference between the cost and SAI is financial need or financial aid eligibility.
Learn mOre
Quick Calculations
Make some quick calculations of your SAI with this
online tool
provided by the College Board. This is just an estimate. Your personal financial aid package will be different.
Learn More
Evaluating Your Financial Aid Award
Financial aid is one of many important considerations when choosing a college, but how do you compare aid packages from one college to another?
Download the
Comparing Financial Aid Awards
worksheet (PDF) to evaluate your options.
Also, ask yourself:
Should I expect the package to stay the same for each of my four years of enrollment? If not, how might it change?
Is the loan amount reasonable, considering the eventual
monthly repayment amount
?
Can I earn the full work-study award through an on-campus job?
How many hours per week can I expect work?
How much is left over for my family to pay?
FIND YOUR WAY
Stay Informed
FAFSA Overview Video
Completing the FAFSA Video
What Happens Next Video
Deadlines & Requirements
Financial Aid
Tuition & Cost
Financial Aid Audiences
Returning Students
Transfer Students
Admitted & Enrolling Students
Returning Student Instructions
It’s time to renew your FAFSA or apply for the first time!
To apply for Susquehanna, federal and state aid programs:
Complete the
FAFSA
.
Use your FSA ID to log in and sign the FAFSA. If this is your first time filing the FAFSA, get your FSA ID at
studentaid.gov
.
Use SU’s school code 003369.
Provide consent for the IRS Direct Data Exchange (IRS DDX) to import tax information for both student and parent.
DEADLINE: March 15, 2026
for the 2026–27 academic year.
If you are selected for federal verification you will be required to submit additional documentation upon request.
Tips & Reminders:
Read all instructions carefully.
Do not leave items blank unless instructed to do so.
Use whole numbers, round all figures to the nearest dollar.
Do not report scholarship and grant aid on the FAFSA unless you reported it as part of your adjusted gross income on your federal tax return.
Financial aid does not cover the additional cost of single rooms.
Do not miss the deadline! We want to make sure you receive all of the funds for which you are eligible.
Applications
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
2025 Summer Aid Application
2025–26 Masters Application
Follow Up
2026–27 Verification Form
(for students who have been selected for verification to complete and return to Student Financial Services)
2025–26 Verification Form
(for students who have been selected for verification to complete and return to Student Financial Services)
2026–27 Independent Verification Form
(for independent students who have been selected for verification to complete and return to Student Financial Services)
2025–26 Independent Verification Form
(for independent students who have been selected for verification to complete and return to Student Financial Services)
2026–27 V4/V5 Supplement Form
(for students who have been selected for verification and need to complete and return the additional form for V4/V5 selection sets)
2025–26 V4/V5 Supplement Form
(for students who have been selected for verification and need to complete and return the additional form for V4/V5 selection sets)
Non-Tax Filer’s Statement
(required for parents who are exempt from filing a federal income tax return)
Citizenship Affidavit
(for students to complete and return with any required proof of citizenship)
2026–27 Teacher Intern Enrollment Form
(for students in the
Teacher Intern Program
who wish to be considered for financial aid)
2025–26 Teacher Intern Enrollment Form
(for students in the
Teacher Intern Program
who wish to be considered for financial aid)
Applications
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
— Susquehanna’s school code is 003369.
Follow Up
2025–26 Verification Form
(for students who have been selected for verification to complete and return to Student Financial Services)
2024–25 Verification Form
(for students who have been selected for verification to complete and return to Student Financial Services)
2025–26 Independent Verification Form
(for independent students who have been selected for verification to complete and return to Student Financial Services)
2024–25 Independent Verification Form
(for independent students who have been selected for verification to complete and return to Student Financial Services)
2025–26 V4/V5 Supplement Form
(for students who have been selected for verification and need to complete and return the additional form for V4/V5 selection sets)
2024–25 V4/V5 Supplement Form
(for students who have been selected for verification and need to complete and return the additional form for V4/V5 selection sets)
Non-Tax Filer’s Statement
(required for parents who are exempt from filing a federal income tax return)
Admitted & Enrolling Students
For information related to admitted students, visit our admitted & enrolling students admission hubs.
For Admitted Students
For Enrolling Students
Get the Answers You Need About Financial Aid
Navigating financial aid can be overwhelming, but Susquehanna University is here to help. Find answers to common questions and take the next step toward funding your education.
Learn More
Have Questions?
Contact Us
Student Financial Services
514 University Ave.
Selinsgrove, Pa. 17870
Get Directions
Location
Student Financial Services Office
Campus Map
Phone & Email
570-372-4450