URL: https://www.susqu.edu/admission/apply
TITLE: Apply - Susquehanna University

Skip to main content
Home
Admission
Apply
SU Application
common application
Apply to Susquehanna University
Susquehanna is an ideal match for outstanding students eager for intellectual challenges and who value
individualized mentorship
from award-winning faculty
.
At Susquehanna, you are an active participant in your education. Dive into spirited conversations with like-minded students. Discover your unique potential. Challenge your limits. Lead with purpose. Grow beyond expectations.
Be impossible to ignore.
With more than 100 majors and minors, you’ll find infinite opportunities to build a unique, hands-on educational experience that positions you for an exciting, successful future.
Resources for Future Students
First-Year Applicants
First-Year Applicants
Apply to Susquehanna as a first-year student using our Susquehanna University Application or the Common Application.
Explore
Transfer Students
Transfer Students
Apply to Susquehanna as a transfer student using our Susquehanna University Application or the Common Application.
Explore
International Students
International Students
Apply to Susquehanna as an international student using our Susquehanna University International Application or the Common Application.
Explore
Stay in the Know
Important Dates
Get deadlines and requirements for admission and financial aid at Susquehanna University.
Learn More
Find YOur People & Your Passion
The College TOur
The best way to get to know Susquehanna is to hear firsthand from River Hawk students on our episode of
The College Tour
streaming
on Amazon Prime
.
Learn why a Susquehanna degree is more than just a badge of honor — it’s a symbol of academic excellence, guaranteed opportunities and a solid foundation for life.
Learn More
Application REview Process
Test Optional & Exam Credit Opportunities
Because we use a holistic review process, we offer you the opportunity to apply without submitting your SAT or ACT scores.
We award class exemptions and/or college credit for those who take the AP, CLEP or IB tests.
Learn More
TAKE A VIRTUAL TOUR
Launch Experience
Have Questions?
Contact US
Admission Office
520 University Ave.
Selinsgrove, PA 17870
Get Directions
Location
Admission House
Campus Map
Phone & Email
570-372-4260
Admission Representatives by Region
Start your journey.
Apply Today