URL: https://www.susqu.edu/admission/apply/transfer-students
TITLE: Transfer Students - Susquehanna University

Skip to main content
Home
Admission
Apply
Transfer Students
SU Application
Common Application
Deposit Now
Join a Community Invested in Your Success
Transferring to a new institution may seem complex, but at Susquehanna, we streamline your experience.
Whether you’re looking for fresh academic challenges, a welcoming campus or a place that supports your ambitions, we’re with you every step of the way. We welcome students from two- and four-year institutions ready to become part of our community of thinkers, creators and leaders. Students who are in good academic, social and financial standing at their most recent institution are invited to apply to transfer.
To earn a bachelor’s degree, students must complete at least 62 semester hours through the university or approved off-campus programs. This includes 24 of their final 32 hours, their major capstone course, and any other courses required by their major. At least half of the courses for a major or minor must also be taken through the university. Remedial and developmental courses are non-transferable.
Empower your future
Initiate Your transfer today
Step 1. Apply
Step 1. Apply
Ready to take the next step? Complete either the Susquehanna University Application or the Common Application, submit your transcripts and let us handle the rest.
Susquehanna university application
Common Application
Step
2.
Submit Unofficial College Transcripts
Step
2.
Submit Unofficial College Transcripts
Provide unofficial transcripts from all the colleges and universities where you have completed coursework, including any completed online coursework. Upon completing your current academic term, official transcripts must be sent directly from each institution to Susquehanna University, either electronically or by mail in a sealed envelope.
Step 3. Submit High School Transcripts
Step 3. Submit High School Transcripts
Share an official high school transcript with your final grades.
Optional: Submit SAT or ACT Scores
Optional: Submit SAT or ACT Scores
Applicants with fewer than two years of college instruction can choose to submit their SAT or ACT exam scores (or both); however, it is not required. Susquehanna uses a holistic review process to evaluate applications for admission. If you wish to have your scores considered, we can accept them from the testing agency or on your official high school transcript. You may also self-report your scores to be utilized in the decision making process. Susquehanna’s College Board code is 2820 and ACT code is 3720.
Transfer Course Equivalencies
Susquehanna University has a large list of previously approved transfer courses. To see if a course or college in which you are interested has already been approved, use the resource in the link below.
Learn More
Fund Your Future
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Academic Merit Scholarships
Academic Merit Scholarships
To assist with your educational pursuits, academic merit scholarships ranging from $40,000 to $44,000 per year are available to transfer students with outstanding academic achievement in their previous college work.
Explore
Phi Theta Kappa Scholarships
Phi Theta Kappa Scholarships
Community college transfer students who are members of Phi Theta Kappa will receive a $5,000 scholarship in addition to their merit award.
Explore
Associate Degree Scholarships
Associate Degree Scholarships
Transfer students with an associate degree will receive an additional $2,500 scholarship. Associate degree scholarships are only awarded to current community college students who matriculate to community college after high school graduation. Students who complete their associate degree as part of a dual enrollment program during their high school career are not eligible.
Explore
Additional submissions
Reports & Portfolios
Upon acceptance to Susquehanna University, transfer students are required to submit the
College Official’s Report,
a form to be completed by the registrar or dean of students office at the most recent institution attended.
Please note that some programs have additional admission requirements. The admission committee will review your application once all required materials are received.
Music Requirements
ARt Requirements
Creative Writing Requirements
Theatre Requirements
Have Questions?
Contact Us
Transfer to Susquehanna
514 University Ave.
Selinsgrove, PA 17870
Get Directions
Location
Admission House
Campus Map
Sean Stout
Director of Admission
570-372-4044
Start your journey.
Apply Today