URL: https://www.susqu.edu/admission/for-enrolling-students
TITLE: For Enrolling Students - Susquehanna University

Skip to main content
Home
Admission
For Enrolling Students
River Hawk Portal
Welcome, Class of 2030 & Transfer Students
You’re enrolled! You’ve made your deposit.
Congratulations and welcome, you are now an official member of the Susquehanna community.
There will be a lot to do before you arrive on campus. Be sure to check your
River Hawk Portal
frequently and visit the
Events for New Students
webpage. You have questions? We have answers. The below dropdowns will help you navigate your journey as an enrolling student.
If you’re not finding the answer you need, please contact your
admission representative
.
Academics & Outcomes
What’s different about Susquehanna?
For starters, Susquehanna University is
not
your typical liberal arts college.
You will benefit from a comprehensive curriculum that is combined with real-world professional experiences — in fact, 90% of our graduates do internships, conduct research or have other professional opportunities before graduation.
How will you help me to succeed?
You’ll receive individualized attention in Susquehanna’s small classes and from our engaged faculty who are committed to your success.
The staff in the
First-Year Experience Office
will ensure that you make a positive and productive transition to college life.
In addition, our Center for Academic Success staff will help you
fine-tune your skills and habits
throughout your college experience. Services include academic skills support, tutoring services and training workshops. The
Disability Services
staff are another resource available for students.
Are professors accessible outside of the classroom?
Susquehanna’s faculty is accessible both in and outside of the classroom.
In addition to holding scheduled office hours, our faculty regularly interact with students in a variety of social settings and via email.
Our professors choose to be part of a learning community where teaching undergraduates is the primary mission. You’ll find them to be accessible and encouraging, and they will challenge you to grow academically and personally.
Housing
What is campus housing like?
As part of a residential campus with on-campus housing available all four years, you’ll discover that residence life is an around-the-clock living and learning experience that plays a big role in student life.
Housing options range from traditional residence halls to suites to houses.
Want to know more? Check out the photos and videos available on our
virtual campus tour
or explore more details on the
Housing & Dining
page.
Where will I live?
First-year students typically live in Aikens Hall, Hassinger Hall, Reed Hall or Smith Hall. First-year students in the
Honors Program
will live together in a living-learning community designed specifically for them. Transfer students will be placed in residence halls assigned to returning students.
No matter where you live, you will make friends and make a home here at Susquehanna. When you complete your online housing form, our Residence Life staff will match you with an ideal roommate based on your responses.
Internships & Careers
How does Susquehanna help me get an internship?
Internship coordinators in most academic departments and the
Career Development Center
can assist you in locating opportunities. Some students find internships on their own, often through networking with families, friends and community contacts. About 90% of our graduates have professional experience, including internships and research opportunities, before graduation.
What might I do after graduation?
We’re glad you asked. Our students are employed, attending graduate or professional school, working or studying abroad on a Fulbright scholarship, volunteering … and so much more. For more examples, check out our
Graduate Outcomes
page and look for specific pages under various academic departments for stories about students in those majors.
Student Life
What do students do for fun?
Campus life
is what you make of it! Getting involved in student activities or service organizations is a great way to develop your interpersonal and leadership skills, to make new friends, and develop a sense of community. You’ll interact with classmates from different countries, states and backgrounds, and discover the richness diversity brings to Susquehanna.
Is there stuff to do on campus?
There’s a lot to do! With more than 120
clubs and organizations
, there is always an activity in the works.
You can participate in or attend sporting events for our 23 NCAA Division III
varsity sports
as well as our club and intramural sports teams.
TRAX is our on-campus entertainment venue for Friday and Saturday night events.
Last but not least, there are theatre productions, music performances and recitals, film and speaker series, guest lectures … just to name a few! Browse our
Flickr albums
to see for yourself.
Are there any cool traditions?
Susquehanna is very proud of its shared experiences known collectively as
Susquehanna Traditions
.
They are the bridge that connects generations of Susquehannans to each other and this special place. Your bond begins on Move-In Day and will continue up through Commencement.
Throughout the year, you’ll experience annual favorites such as Thanksgiving dinner, SU SERVE and Orange & Maroon Day.
How big are athletics on your campus?
Susquehanna boasts 23 NCAA Division III
varsity sports
teams. Susquehanna competes in the Landmark Conference, having claimed the Presidents’ Trophy — recognizing the best overall athletics program, five times.
Launched in 2016, our nickname and mascot is the River Hawks. At Susquehanna, you’ll learn to love orange and maroon.
How much of a role do fraternities and sororities play in campus life?
Susquehanna University has a rich tradition of
Greek life
with a community that is more than 100 years old.
Currently, Susquehanna has 11 social fraternities and sororities. Nearly 30% of our student body is involved in Greek life.
How do I get to bus stations and airports?
Learn more about the
Transportation Services
available to Susquehanna students. Additionally, bus trips are organized throughout the year for getaways to nearby cities like New York, Philadelphia, Washington, D.C. and Baltimore.
Study Abroad
When will I study abroad?
At Susquehanna, 100% of students complete a cross-cultural experience — 97% of them internationally.
Most students will study away during their junior year, although some do so during their sophomore or senior year. Timelines vary based on how GO will fit into your course schedule and your advance planning.
Susquehanna offers traditional semester-away programs (GO Long) or shorter learning situations (GO Short), or you can GO Your Way and build a program specific to your interests.
Learn more about our award-winning nationally-recognized
Global Opportunities
program.
How do you help me choose where to go?
The staff in the Global Programs Office and your faculty advisor will help you to consider your options.
Future River Hawks
Download the
ZeeMee app
and join our virtual community.
Download today
Gain Future Ready Skills Now
Susquehanna’s Career Development Center offers expert guidance, career prep, and connections to help you land internships, jobs and more — starting your first year.
Learn More
Where Passion Meets Purpose
Straight from the Nest
Previous Slide
Next Slide
“Susquehanna has a really close-knit community. Everybody is so interconnected with each other, regardless of race, ethnicities or where people come from. Everybody is equally invited to be integrated on campus and get involved.”
—
Faiza Ahmed ’26
Biomedical Sciences
“Being a dual major was a challenge at first — establishing a schedule for classes and deciding whether I wanted to overload my credits with a more time-consuming schedule. My advisors have helped me find the right schedule for me, as well as the path that is going to help me be more academically
successful
to graduate from Susquehanna with a diverse toolbox.”
—
Kristina Kerschner ’25
Communication Studies
Graphic Design
“Getting involved on this campus is something that’s a ‘must’ in my opinion. Whether you’re on a sports team, a part of a club, or in a fraternity or sorority, it makes the atmosphere and your experience at Susquehanna that much better.”
—
Jaxson Purnell ’25
Sports Media
“My favorite tradition on campus is Thanksgiving dinner. You sit with friends and enjoy a catered meal served by coaches, professors and student life staff. It’s a great time to relax and connect.”
—
Catherine Chodnicki ’25
Environmental Studies
French Studies
International Studies
“One of my favorite things about life at Susquehanna is that there’s a fantastic community of people that really helps to keep me motivated. I have a great group of friends and professors, and they help me feel at home here at Susquehanna.”
—
Jonathan Ulicny ’27
Legal Studies
Political Science
“I love that Susquehanna is a small, interconnected campus that is big on service and helping the community.”
—
Alessia Revelli ’26
Data Science
Mathematics
“One of the greatest things about Susquehanna is the many concerts that happen each month. During these concerts, there are so many different styles and professionals who demonstrate their music. It’s a new experience every single day here.”
—
Sandy Lin ’28
Music Composition
Biology
“Being a Teaching Assistant (TA) offers a unique learning experience. I get to be a student in classes and then teach and assist in labs. It’s a well-rounded opportunity to grade papers, help professors and support my peers.”
—
Becca Cree ’26
Physics
Religious Studies
“I love Susquehanna. The community here is incredible. I love being able to walk around and wave to people I know from my major, outside my major and other classes I’ve taken.”
—
Emily Chambers ’26
Theatre
Get Involved & Make An Impact
Explore more than 120 clubs, organizations and societies that provide opportunities for leadership, creativity, service and more.
Learn more
Welcome to the River Hawk Community
Explore exciting events designed to help new students connect, thrive and feel at home from day one. Discover how Susquehanna’s events for new students set the stage for success — both in and out of the classroom.
Learn More
Have Questions?
Contact US
Admission Office
520 University Ave.
Selinsgrove, PA 17870
Get Directions
Location
Admission House
Campus Map
Phone & Email
570-372-4260
Admission Representatives by Region
Start your journey.
Apply Today