URL: https://www.susqu.edu/admission/for-admitted-students
TITLE: For Admitted Students - Susquehanna University

Skip to main content
Home
Admission
For Admitted Students
Join the Class of 2030!
Deposit Now
Prepare to Soar
Where nobody goes unnoticed, and everyone stands out.
At Susquehanna University, students receive a future-ready liberal arts foundation, becoming critical thinkers and creative problem solvers prepared to adapt to a rapidly changing world.
Are you River Hawk Ready?
Find your people & your passion
The best way to get to know Susquehanna is to hear first-hand from River Hawk students on our episode of The College Tour.
With more than 100 majors and minors to explore across many disciplines, students receive a future-ready liberal arts foundation, becoming critical thinkers and creative problem solvers prepared to adapt to a rapidly changing world.
Watch the College Tour
Join the Nest
6 Reasons to Become a River Hawk
On-
Campus Entertainment
Venue
On-
Campus Entertainment
Venue
TRAX, our on-campus, student-run entertainment venue, features a dance floor, DJ booth, billiards area, bar, performance stage, high-tech lighting and an outdoor patio.
Explore
Your Camp
us Pet Fix
Your Camp
us Pet Fix
Each week during September, you can visit with furry friends that faculty and staff bring to campus for Dog Days.
Explore
Free
Concerts by Popular Performers
Free
Concerts by Popular Performers
We’ve hosted Neon Trees, T-Pain, Yung Gravy, Nick Jonas, Dan and Shay, Sage the Gemini and B.o.B., just to name a few. Who will join us next year?
Explore
Exciting Campus Events
Exciting Campus Events
During Fall Frenzy and Spring Carnival, interact with petting zoos, tackle obstacle courses and savor your favorite fair foods such as fried Oreos and cotton candy!
Explore
Annual Campus Traditions
Annual Campus Traditions
Get ready to experience unique Susquehanna events such as Thanksgiving Dinner, ‘Twas the Night Before Finals, Airband, Midnight Caf, Christmas Candlelight, Convocation and more!
Explore
Global Opportunities (GO)
Global Opportunities (GO)
Spread your wings on your Global Opportunities (GO) trip, our nationally recognized off-campus study program. Have a cross-cultural, immersive experience lasting anywhere from two weeks to a full semester!
Explore
Future River Hawks
Download the
ZeeMee app
and join our virtual community.
Download today
Where Passion Meets Purpose
Straight from the Nest
Previous Slide
Next Slide
“As a Susquehanna student, I’ve truly discovered who I am. I’ve had incredible opportunities to grow, and I’m proud to be a future alumni heading into the workforce. Susquehanna has given me the tools to succeed, and I’m excited for what’s next.”
—
Jake Lanning ’25
English Literature
Professional & Civic Writing
“I met all my best friends during freshman orientation. The connections you make here feel immediate and close-knit —
it’s a unique experience. I don’t think that happens elsewhere.”
—
Arabella Cox ’25
Psychology
Religious Studies
“When I toured campus, I really liked the creative writing department. I knew the writing community here could help me grow as a writer throughout my college career and that made me want to be part of Susquehanna.”
—
Alex Vidal Perez ’25
Publishing & Editing
Spanish Studies
“I chose Susquehanna for its wide array of political science classes. As someone considering law school, I was impressed by the variety of professors, areas of specialization and options available to political science students. It made Susquehanna the clear choice.”
—
Jonathan Ulicny ’27
Legal Studies
Political Science
“At Susquehanna University, as a music composition major, seeing my works become a reality is something I really adore. It feels really magical. My friends and teachers supporting me is something I really love and something that inspires me every day.”
—
Sandy Lin ’28
Music Composition
Biology
“On Dog Days, a lot of pet owners bring their dogs on campus, usually every Friday in the library. You get to go and pet people’s dogs. I’m a big animal person, and I miss my cats a lot. So, it’s really helpful to be able to go and visit with an emotional support animal and give them a big hug.”
—
Colleen Hueting ’25
Creative Writing
Mathematics
“Susquehanna’s focus on hands-on learning has helped shape my time as an entrepreneur. I have been able to connect with different alumni and mentors to develop my brand and gain the life experiences I need to become a successful entrepreneur as a student and after graduation.”
—
Kimoy Reid ’26
Entrepreneurship & Corporate Innovation
“One of the best things about Susquehanna is how easy it is to make friends. There are so many unique people, and it’s really fun to invest the time learning about them, because the school is so small. You’ll see the same people walking to class every day and get to catch up with them regularly.”
—
Miranda Preputnick ’27
Communication Arts
Theatre Management
“Being part of a close community where I’m recognized as more than just a number, but as a person with an identity and aspirations for life after graduation, is essential to my undergraduate career. I’ve had this experience at Susquehanna.”
—
Chrissy Vo ’25
Chemistry
Have Questions?
Contact US
Admission Office
520 University Ave.
Selinsgrove, PA 17870
Get Directions
Location
Admission House
Campus Map
Phone & Email
570-372-4260
Admission Representatives by Region