URL: https://www.susqu.edu/admission/apply/first-year-students
TITLE: First-Year Students - Susquehanna University

Skip to main content
Home
Admission
Apply
First-Year Students
Su Application
COmmon Application
Apply as a First-Year Student
You can complete either the Susquehanna University Application or the Common Application — the choice is up to you.
However you measure success, Susquehanna is the place for you. We’re
leaders and contributors
. We welcome
different perspectives
. And we
give back to the community
. So you’ll fit right in.
Our
100+ majors and minors
develop your critical thinking and communication abilities, building the skills that matter regardless of your career path. About 90% of our students participate in
internships
and
research opportunities
that provide the practical experience you’ll need to jump-start your professional life. Embodying Susquehanna’s hallmarks of global citizenship, integrity and adaptability ensures that you are exceptionally well-prepared.
Steps to Complete Your Application
Complete the
Susquehanna University Application
or the
Common Application
.
Review our important
application deadlines
.
Official High School Transcript, School Report & Recommendation Letter
Your high school guidance counselor will be alerted to submit the required documents. Your senior grades must be submitted as soon as they are available.
You’re also welcome to upload your transcript from your
River Hawk Portal
.
Optional – SAT/ACT Scores
Applicants can choose to submit their SAT or ACT exam scores (or both), but can also decide to apply without submitting scores under our test-optional plan. Applicants can indicate this preference on the Susquehanna University Application or the Common Application. Susquehanna uses a holistic review process to evaluate applications for admission because you are much more than your SAT or ACT scores.
To have your official SAT/ACT scores considered for admission, we can accept them from the testing agency or on your official high school transcript. You may self-report your test scores on your application and we will use those scores in the decision-making process. We have no preference which scores you submit; each test is considered with equal importance. If you are unsure which test may be best for you, you can discuss your options with your high school counselor.
Susquehanna’s College Board code is 2820 and ACT code is 3720.
Portfolio Submission/Auditions
Applicants for admission to the
creative writing
,
graphic design or studio art
,
music
and
theatre BFA
programs are required to submit a portfolio or perform an audition to garner admission into the respective programs. Materials should be submitted after application to the university.
Early Decision
If you’ve decided that Susquehanna is your first-choice university and that you will enroll if admitted, then Early Decision (ED) is for you! This program allows you to apply before the regular application deadline and to receive your admission decision early. Please pay attention to the deadline to ensure that all of your application and supporting materials are received on time.
Choosing Early Decision is a serious commitment, and if you are admitted ED, we consider this your firm commitment to enroll at Susquehanna. We realize that you will most likely be applying to multiple schools, but once you are admitted, we expect that you will withdraw your applications to other schools.
The application materials required for Early Decision are the same as Early Action and Regular Decision. Please indicate “Early Decision” in the checkbox provided on the application.
Test Optional
Applicants can choose to submit their SAT or ACT exam scores (or both), but can also decide to apply without submitting scores under our test-optional plan. Applicants can indicate this preference on the Susquehanna University Application or the Common Application. Susquehanna uses a holistic review process to evaluate applications for admission because you are much more than your SAT or ACT scores.
If you choose not to submit your test scores, we will place even greater emphasis on your high school courses and grades, and your recommendations.
AP Credit
Susquehanna recognizes exceptional high school achievement by awarding class exemptions and/or college credit to those who do well on Advanced Placement (AP) tests offered by the College Board. The appropriate academic department will review your AP score, examination essay and academic record to determine placement and/or credit. In general, departments
award credit
for scores of 4 or 5.
International Baccalaureate Credit
The International Baccalaureate (IB) program is an internationally recognized, two-year, comprehensive curriculum and is available to students ages 16 to 19 at select secondary schools in the United States, Canada and other countries.
We recognize the intellectual rigor and high academic standards of the
IB program
. IB diploma recipients who gain admission may receive up to 32 credit hours and the equivalent of sophomore standing at the university. They may also receive credit for up to two courses in each subject area for which a higher-level examination score of five or more has been achieved, assuming final confirmation by the appropriate university department. Credit for a higher-level examination score of four is awarded at the discretion of the appropriate university department.
Financial Aid Next Steps
We encourage applicants to complete the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
as soon as possible using Susquehanna’s school code: 003369. The FAFSA is the primary source that Susquehanna and external scholarship providers use to determine students’ eligibility for federal, state and institutional need-based financial aid. This includes federal grants and loans, as well as state grants.
Admitted students who have filed the FAFSA with Susquehanna’s school code (003369) will receive their comprehensive financial aid offer by Jan. 2026. This letter will outline their direct costs, financial aid and net cost to attend Susquehanna.
Why SUsquehanna?
Because the academics are challenging, you’ll get involved, make friends and make a home here.
From decision-making in corporate life to research in the Amazon, Susquehanna’s liberal arts and sciences curriculum prepares you. And our award-winning Global Opportunities (GO) program, in which every student studies off campus, will equip you with cross-cultural skills that your future employers are seeking.
Go Program
Learn By Doing
Where Passion Meets Purpose
Straight from the Nest
Previous Slide
Next Slide
“One of the best things about Susquehanna is how easy it is to make friends. There are so many unique people, and it’s really fun to invest the time learning about them, because the school is so small. You’ll see the same people walking to class every day and get to catch up with them regularly.”
—
Miranda Preputnick ’27
Communication Arts
Theatre Management
“Being a triple major at Susquehanna has been a great experience for me. Susquehanna is unique in the sense that within the business school, you will often see students with double or triple majors throughout their four years on campus.”
—
Clint Rowe ’25
Business Analytics
Finance
“Susquehanna’s campus has been curated around the student experience, both academically and socially. At Susquehanna University, you get to experience a lot.”
—
Sarah Vigilotti ’25
Computer Science
Mathematics
“One of the main things Susquehanna University offered me — something I didn’t see as much at other schools — was the wide range of scholarships. I received several music scholarships in addition to a presidential scholarship. So, financially, choosing Susquehanna was an easy decision.
”
—
Clayton Maxwell ’26
Computer Science
Music
“I chose Susquehanna for its wide array of political science classes. As someone considering law school, I was impressed by the variety of professors, areas of specialization and options available to political science students. It made Susquehanna the clear choice.”
—
Jonathan Ulicny ’27
Legal Studies
Political Science
“Hands-on learning has been a big part of my education, especially as a science major with access to the lab. Many students also do research with professors, who are flexible in helping them find time between classes to gain the firsthand experience that graduate and medical schools value.”
—
Katilyn Dugery ’26
Biomedical Sciences
“I’m grateful for the people I’ve met — the staff, faculty and the opportunities I’ve had through academics and athletics.”
—
Lily Shutt ’26
Communication Arts
“At a small school like Susquehanna, I’ve had hands-on access to lab instruments both in classes and during independent research with faculty. These experiences have sharpened my techniques and prepared me for a future in chemistry.”
—
Chrissy Vo ’25
Chemistry
FIND YOUR WAY
RELATED LINKS
Visit Susquehanna University
Tuition & Cost
Financial Aid
Net Price Calculator
Admission Representatives by Region
Housing & Dining
Clubs & Organizations
Deadlines & Requirements
Have Questions?
Contact US
Admission Office
520 University Ave.
Selinsgrove, PA 17870
Get Directions
Location
Admission House
Campus Map
Phone & Email
570-372-4260
Admission Representatives by Region
Start your journey.
Apply Today