URL: https://www.susqu.edu/admission/financial-aid
TITLE: Financial Aid - Susquehanna University

Skip to main content
Home
Admission
Financial Aid
Confidently Invest in Your Future
We understand that your education is one of the largest and most significant investments of your lifetime. That’s why we’re committed to making a world-class education accessible through a wide range of financial aid options.
Whether through scholarships, need-based grants or loan options, we’re dedicated to helping you create a personalized plan that works for you.  Our Student Financial Services team is here to help you navigate your options and make your Susquehanna experience affordable and the financial aid process manageable.
A Smart Investment with Proven Results
Affording Your Degree
Tuition & Cost
Tuition & Cost
Susquehanna provides a yearly estimate of tuition, fees and other costs (before your merit and need-based aid are applied) to paint an accurate picture of your financial commitment.
Explore
Calculate Your Cost
Calculate Your Cost
This calculator provides an
approximation
of what a first-year, undergraduate student can expect to pay to attend Susquehanna University.
Net Price Calculator
Scholarships & Grants
Scholarships & Grants
Scholarships are awarded to qualified students by Susquehanna and others and do not have to be repaid. Many scholarships are awarded independent of financial need, although those through our gift endowment program are based on financial need.
Explore
Loans & Financing
Loans & Financing
Learn about important dates, terms and loan types in our loans & financing hub.
Explore
Applying for Aid
Applying for Aid
Whether you’re a new student applying regular or early decision or a returning student, we’re here to help you find out what you need to do to receive financial aid.
Explore
Payment Plans
Payment Plans
Susquehanna offers flexible, interest-free monthly payment plans to help families manage education costs. Spread all or part of your semester’s charges — tuition, fees, housing and dining — over three to six automatic installments, with no credit check or loan application required.
Explore
Student Employment
Student Employment
There are hundreds of jobs for students available across campus. You can write press releases, be a lab monitor, work as an admissions tour guide, cover the circulation desk in the library and more.
Explore
Rankings & Recognitions
Our programs consistently rank among the best in the nation, reflecting our dedication to providing a rigorous liberal arts education. By combining a strong foundation in liberal arts and sciences with hands-on, experiential learning opportunities, we prepare our students for a lifetime of achievement.
Learn More
Where Passion Meets Purpose
Straight from the Nest
Previous Slide
Next Slide
“Financially, attending Susquehanna made a lot of sense because the package I was offered was unmatched. That was one of the major reasons I chose this school.”
—
Ryan Horst ’26
Acting
“Susquehanna offers a number of strong scholarships and grants. Ultimately, I knew it was the best choice for me and my family — and looking back, deciding to come to Susquehanna was one of the best decisions I’ve ever made.”
—
Alice Polcrack ’26
Public Policy
Biomedical Sciences
“One of the main things Susquehanna University offered me — something I didn’t see as much at other schools — was the wide range of scholarships. I received several music scholarships in addition to a presidential scholarship. So, financially, choosing Susquehanna was an easy decision.
”
—
Clayton Maxwell ’26
Computer Science
Music
SUsquehanna By the Numbers
More Than Metrics
12%
Top ranked among U.S. colleges for ‘return on investment’ for lifetime earnings of grads
Georgetown Report
Top College
Best ‘Bang for the Buck’ in the Northeast
Washington Monthly
12%
Top ranked among U.S. colleges for students graduating in 4 years
College Raptor
100%
of students receive financial aid through academic merit scholarships and need-based grants
Previous Slide
Next Slide
View All Facts & Figures
Susquehanna support
Financial Aid Glossary
Need clarity on financial terms? Visit our
Financial Aid Glossary
to guide you through.
Learn MorE
Have Questions?
Contact Us
Student Financial Services
514 University Ave.
Selinsgrove, PA 17870
Get Directions
Location
Student Financial Services Office
Campus Map
Phone & Email
570-372-4450