URL: https://www.susqu.edu/admission/financial-aid/scholarships-grants
TITLE: Scholarships & Grants - Susquehanna University

Skip to main content
Home
Admission
Financial Aid
Scholarships & Grants
supporting Your Susquehanna Education
Susquehanna University and various external organizations award scholarships to qualified students, which do not require repayment. 100% of students receive some form of financial assistance.
Many scholarships are awarded
independen
tly of financial need, although some, through our gift endowment program, are based on financial need. You’ll be automatically considered for scholarships through Susquehanna and cannot apply directly for them.
SUsquehanna By the Numbers
More Than Metrics
$1.2m
in recent National Science Foundation funding for scholarships, summer research funding and major instrumentation
Top 25
for financial support
Forbes
Top College
Best ‘Bang for the Buck’ in the Northeast
Washington Monthly
100%
of students receive financial aid through academic merit scholarships and need-based grants
Previous Slide
Next Slide
View All Facts & Figures
Scholarships
Scholarships We Offer
The following scholarships, which are offered without regard to family income, are awarded on a competitive basis to new students. The scholarships may be renewed each year. No special application is required other than auditions in music and the required creative writing portfolio.
Academic Scholarships
Academic merit scholarships for first-year students range from
$40,000
to
$44,000
per academic year. Scholarships are based upon an assessment of each admitted student’s academic achievement and potential for future growth.
Transfer Scholarships
Academic merit scholarships ranging from
$40,000
to
$44,000
per year are available to transfer students with outstanding academic achievement in their previous college work.
Community college transfer students who are members of Phi Theta Kappa will receive a
$5,000
scholarship
in addition to
their merit award.
Transfer students with an associate degree will receive a
$2,500
scholarship
in addition to
their academic merit scholarship.
Associate degree scholarships are only awarded to current community college students who matriculate to community college after high school graduation. Students who complete their associate degree as part of a dual enrollment program during their high school career are not eligible
.
International Student Scholarships
Partial-tuition scholarships are awarded based on academic ability and commitment to building a global Susquehanna community.
Alumni Scholarships
$2,500 annual scholarships offered to admitted students who are children, stepchildren or grandchildren of Susquehanna alumni in addition to any other merit scholarship.
Janet Weis Writers Institute Scholarship
Ten $5,000 Janet Weis Scholarships are awarded to first-year creative writing majors based on the quality of their writing portfolio. The Bundy Scholarship may also be awarded if funding is available.
These awards are in addition to merit scholarships but may not exceed the total cost of tuition.
Both scholarships are renewable for up to four years with full-time enrollment as a creative writing major and a 3.2 GPA in the major.
Submit a
5- to 10-page portfolio
within two weeks of applying, and no later than Feb. 15.
The Lawrence M. & Louise Kresge Isaacs Scholarship for Music
A $4,000 to $12,000 annual award to an exceptional music major (by audition).
Music Scholarships
Performance scholarships from $1,000 to $5,000 are awarded to outstanding music students (by audition).
Lutheran Summer Music Alumni Scholarship
Scholarships of $1,000 are awarded to Lutheran Summer Music alumni who are admitted and complete a music audition.
Ministerial Grants
Grants of $2,500 per year are awarded to dependent children of ordained Lutheran clergy.
Renewing Scholarships
All university scholarships can be renewed for eight regular academic terms. Scholarships are reviewed annually by the Scholarship Selection Committee.
In addition to meeting the grade point average (GPA) requirements for scholarship renewal, you must:
Be a conscientious and responsible member of the Susquehanna community
Enroll full-time at Susquehanna
Military Scholarships
For information regarding VA education benefits, please visit the
Registrar’s Office page
.
Yellow Ribbon Program
Susquehanna University is proud to be a part of the Yellow Ribbon GI Educational Enhancement Program, a provision of the Post 9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2008. For those who are eligible, tuition and fees will be covered by a combination of VA and Susquehanna University funds.
Students are eligible if they served an aggregate period of active duty of at least 36 months after Sept. 10, 2001; were honorably discharged from active duty for a service-connected disability and served 30 continuous days after Sept. 10, 2001; or are a dependent eligible for Transfer of Entitlement under the Post-9/11 GI Bill based on veteran’s service under the eligibility criteria listed above.
The Post 9/11 and Yellow Ribbon funding could result in an adjustment to the initial financial aid award package, depending on the amount of funding received, up to the entire amount of tuition and fees. If a student exhausts Post 9/11 and Yellow Ribbon funding while enrolled, we will reinstate the original scholarship. Need-based grant funding is reviewed annually after receipt of the FAFSA and can vary depending on income changes and/or household changes.
Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (ROTC)
Cadets of the Bison Battalion Army ROTC may receive scholarships through the military science program. Students receiving a full-tuition scholarship through the program are provided with free room (double only) and food.
Other Outside Scholarships
Scholarships received from outside the university must be reported to Student Financial Services.
They will be incorporated into financial aid packages and will be used first to offset equal amounts of loans and/or work-study awards.
Tuition Exchange
Children of employees at nearly 600 participating
U.S. colleges and universities
may be eligible to receive a full tuition waiver at Susquehanna.
If you have a parent who is a full-time faculty or staff member at a four-year college or university, contact that school’s Human Resources Office for further eligibility information.
Susquehanna awards several Tuition Exchange awards each year, and selection is based on academic credentials.
International Student Merit Scholarships
International students are eligible to receive partial merit scholarship awards and are automatically considered when the application for admission is completed. It is very helpful and advantageous for applicants to submit their official SAT or ACT scores to maximize their scholarship award potential.
Applicants can receive up to a $45,000 (USD) merit scholarship.
Sponsored students
are not eligible to receive a merit scholarship award. Susquehanna University does not offer any need-based financial aid for international students.
In order to qualify for a student visa, the U.S. government’s Department of Homeland Security requires that students show that they can support themselves financially. Enrolling students must provide an official bank statement in addition to the
International Student Financial Aid Application
submitted with their application. If you are offered a merit scholarship, this amount can be lower. Please note that full scholarships are not available. If you are sponsored by your government, the financial guarantee letter will be accepted instead of the International Student Financial Aid Application.
Students requiring need-based financial aid can research their options on the
NAFSA website
.
Grants at Susquehanna University
What Are Grants?
Grants are gift aid that:
Do not have to be repaid.
Are awarded based on financial need.
Reduce the amount that a student needs to borrow.
Are provided by the university and/or state and federal governments.
Are renewable for as many as four years.
Require a new aid application annually.
Generally stay the same from year to year.
Grants
Susquehanna Grants
Susquehanna University funded aid (scholarship and grant aid) is limited to a maximum of eight semesters for any individual student.
Named Awards
These awards provide additional grant assistance through the generous contributions of alumni and friends of the university. Unless noted, these awards are made on the basis of financial need.
Many named awards are designed for students who demonstrate specific characteristics, such as intended major, grade point average, etc.
There is no separate application to be considered for these awards. Susquehanna’s student financial services staff reviews all need-based financial aid applications to determine eligibility.
Need-based awards may be exchanged dollar for dollar with named endowed scholarships.
Early Admit Grant
First-year students who
apply
and are admitted by Dec. 1, 2025 will receive an annual
$2,000 Early Admit Grant
* totaling $8,000 over four years. Review and advance the
steps to complete your application
to be considered for admission ahead of Dec. 1.
*Students who are awarded Tuition Exchange or Tuition Remission are not eligible.
Campus Visit Grant
Eligible students who visit campus will qualify for an annual
$2,000 Visit Grant
*.
Spring & Fall 2027 First-Year Students:
Visit campus between Jan. 5 and Nov. 21, 2026 to be eligible for a $2,000 Visit Grant, that’s $8,000 over four years.
All Transfer Students:
Attend an on-campus visit offered by the Admission Office, at any point during your college search, to be eligible for a $2,000 Visit Grant.
Opportunities to secure the Visit Grant include
Admission Events
,
Summer Pre-College Programs
and
Daily Campus Visits
offered through the Admission Office. If admitted, this grant will be automatically awarded in addition to any other merit or need-based financial aid for which you might qualify.
*Students who are awarded Tuition Exchange or Tuition Remission are not eligible.
FAFSA Grant
Eligible students who file the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
will qualify for an annual
$2,000 FAFSA Grant
*.
Entering Spring
First-Year & Transfer Students — File by Dec. 15 to qualify.
Entering Fall
First-Year Students — File by March 15 to qualify.
Transfer Students — File by June 1 to qualify.
The FAFSA Grant is renewable if the FAFSA is submitted annually with Susquehanna’s school code: 003369.
*Students who are awarded Tuition Exchange or Tuition Remission are not eligible.
Federal Grants
The Federal Pell Grant Program
Annual maximum awards are provided by the U.S. Department of Education’s Office of Federal Student Aid.
You automatically apply for a Pell Grant when you complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).
Many students who do not qualify for Pell Grant funding do qualify to receive aid from other sources.
The Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant (SEOG)
This is a federal grant program administered by Susquehanna. Grants range from $500 to $4,000 per year for those students who demonstrate the most financial need.
The Teacher Education Assistance for College and Higher Education (TEACH) Grant Program
This is a federal grant program that provides grant funds to students enrolled in an eligible program of study at a participating school.  Recipients must teach full time for at least four years in a high-need field at a low-income school or education service agency.
State Grants
Pennsylvania State Grants
Eligible Pennsylvania residents must also complete a State Grant Form and a High School Form. These documents are available on the state grant agency’s
GrantUs portal
.
Grants from Other States
Programs in the following states have grant programs for qualifying residents attending Pennsylvania colleges and universities. For information about required applications and filing:
Delaware
Massachusetts
Vermont
Washington, D.C.
West Virginia
Fostering Independence Tuition Waiver Program
This program provides a waiver for tuition and mandatory fees charged by most postsecondary institutions located in Pennsylvania for youth who are or were in foster care. Please see the
Fostering Independence Tuition Waiver Program
website for details or
contact Katie Erdley
in Susquehanna University’s Student Financial Services Office for more information.
Where Passion Meets Purpose
Straight from the Nest
Previous Slide
Next Slide
“Susquehanna offers a number of strong scholarships and grants. Ultimately, I knew it was the best choice for me and my family — and looking back, deciding to come to Susquehanna was one of the best decisions I’ve ever made.”
—
Alice Polcrack ’26
Public Policy
Biomedical Sciences
“One of the main things Susquehanna University offered me — something I didn’t see as much at other schools — was the wide range of scholarships. I received several music scholarships in addition to a presidential scholarship. So, financially, choosing Susquehanna was an easy decision.
”
—
Clayton Maxwell ’26
Computer Science
Music
“A big factor for me was the financial aid and the scholarship packages that the university offers. I realized right off the bat they were giving thousands of dollars of free money away to be a member of Susquehanna. There is no school I’ve ever applied to or known about that’s given more financial aid than Susquehanna does.”
—
Arabella Cox ’25
Psychology
Religious Studies
Have Questions?
Contact Us
Student Financial Services
514 University Ave.
Selinsgrove, PA 17870
Get Directions
Location
Student Financial Services Office
Campus Map
Phone & Email
570-372-4450