URL: https://www.susqu.edu/campus-life/clubs-organizations
TITLE: Clubs & Organizations - Susquehanna University

Skip to main content
Home
Campus Life
Clubs & Organizations
Get involved with student clubs & organizations
At Susquehanna University, you’ll find a vibrant and active community with more than 120 diverse student clubs and organizations.
Whether you’re passionate about sports, service, academics or just having fun, you’ll find your niche with countless opportunities for fun, leadership, service and more. Get involved, make lasting memories and develop valuable leadership skills.
Take your pick from student-run groups, club sports, honor societies, academic clubs, volunteer organizations and more. Find your place in student-operated media. Or, join a professional organization or
Greek chapter
. Explore club sports, academic clubs and countless other opportunities to connect with your interests and discover your passions.
Don’t see a club that resonates with you? Consider starting a new one by contacting the
Office of Leadership and Engagement
for more information.
Explore your Passions
Get Involved At Susquehanna
Academic Clubs & Societies
Academic Clubs & Societies
Susquehanna offers a wealth of academic clubs and organizations to enhance your college experience. Join a club related to your major, like the Finance Club or Pre-Law Society, to bolster your résumé and connect with like-minded peers. Explore international and national honor societies — including those recognizing excellence in chemistry, economics and foreign languages — which provide academic growth, leadership development and networking opportunities.
Diversity Clubs
Diversity Clubs
Susquehanna values diversity, encouraging students to join organizations that celebrate culture and promote understanding. Groups like the Asian Cultural Association, the Association of Latinx & Allied Students and the Black Student Union help students learn about different cultures, share experiences and build an inclusive campus.The Gender and Sexuality Alliance and Feminist Collective offer safe spaces for open dialogue and education on social issues.
Performing Arts Clubs
Performing Arts Clubs
From a cappella groups to dance troupes, Susquehanna offers a variety of performing arts clubs for students to express their creativity. Whether you’re interested in singing, dancing or improv, there’s a club that will help you hone your skills and connect with fellow performers. Join a choir, learn to swing dance or showcase your talents in a student-run dance program.
Publications & Media Clubs
Publications & Media Clubs
Susquehanna offers a vibrant media landscape where students can hone their creative and journalistic skills. From producing award-winning literary magazines like The Susquehanna Review and Rivercraft to running the student-led radio station WQSU and producing short films, students have many opportunities to express themselves and gain valuable experience in media and publishing.
Explore
Special Interest Clubs
Special Interest Clubs
With more than 30 recognized special interest clubs, Susquehanna offers a variety of options to keep you busy. From exploring the world of anime and manga to studying beekeeping, students have many opportunities to connect with like-minded peers, pursue their passions and engage in meaningful activities. Whether you’re interested in photography, politics or paranormal, there’s a club for you!
Clubs & Organizations
Academic Clubs & Societies
Enhance your résumé by joining a club based on your major. We’ve got a club for everything from accounting to history to biology.
At Susquehanna, you may earn an invitation to one of our many honor societies. We proudly host 22 international and national honor societies, recognizing exceptional academic achievement.
Academic Interest Clubs
Accounting Club —
Explore your interest in accounting and learn about the wide range of available accounting careers.
Association for Women in Sports Media —
Connecting students interested in sports media careers with working professionals within sports media.
Economics Club —
Connect with students who share an interest in economics. Collaborate on projects and connect with faculty and alumni.
FBLA (Future Business Leaders of America) —
Prepares students to become community-minded business leaders in a global society through relevant career preparation and leadership experience.
Finance Club —
Learn about the stock market, making good investment choices and investment strategies.
French Club —
Promote French culture on campus through various activities, fundraisers and cultural events.
Geo Club —
Participate in outdoor and earth science-based activities.
German Club —
Discuss German language and culture.
History Club —
A place for historical inquiry and sharing an interest in history with other students.
Italian Club —
Discuss Italian language and culture with movies, games and food with peers. The Italian Club is not limited to those who are Italian or can already speak the language.
Marketing Club —
Gain knowledge and practice techniques in the areas of marketing and advertising.
Model UN —
A club dedicated to helping students gain an appreciation and knowledge for current world affairs, peace and diplomacy through weekly meetings and by participating in annual conferences.
Mock Trial Club —
Prepares a team to compete in regional and national competitions.
Pre-Health Professionals Club —
Build awareness of wellness and healthy living and learn about opportunities in health-related fields.
Pre-Law Society —
Learn about the law school process and various legal career options.
Psychology Club —
Make connections with other students interested in psychology.
PRSSA —
Advocate for rigorous academic standards for public relations education, the highest ethical principles and diversity in public relations.
Society of Physics Students —
Promotes unity among physics majors and minors and those who have an interest in physics.
Professional Sales Club —
Provides a community for students interested in professional sales to develop communication, networking and marketing skills.
Honor Societies
Alpha Epsilon Rho —
A national broadcasting honor society.
Alpha Lambda Delta —
A national honor society that recognizes first-year students with outstanding records.
Alpha Psi Omega —
A national honor society for those meeting high standards in drama.
Beta Gamma Sigma —
The honor society for collegiate schools of business.
Gamma Sigma Epsilon —
A national chemistry honor society.
Kappa Delta Pi —
An international honor society in education.
Kappa Mu Epsilon —
A national mathematics honor society.
Lambda Pi Eta —
The official honor society of the National Communication Association (NCA).
Nu Rho Psi —
An honorary society for neuroscience.
Omicron Delta Epsilon —
A national honor society in economics.
Omicron Delta Kappa —
The national leadership honor society for juniors and seniors that recognizes and encourages superior scholarship, leadership and exemplary character.
Order of Omega —
A national Greek honor society founded to recognize those fraternity men and women who have attained a high standard of leadership in interfraternity activities.
Phi Alpha Theta —
An international history honor society.
Phi Sigma Iota —
An international foreign language society that recognizes academic achievement in foreign language, literature and culture.
Phi Sigma Tau —
The International Honor Society in philosophy.
Pi Delta Phi —
A national French honor society organized to foster scholarship in the study of the French language, arts and culture.
Pi Gamma Mu —
A national honor society established to encourage and reward interest in the social sciences.
Pi Sigma Alpha —
A national political science honorary organization.
Psi Chi —
A national psychology honor society established to advance the science of psychology and encourage scholarship in all academic fields.
Sigma Gamma Epsilon —
A national earth sciences honor society that promotes scholastic and scientific advancement.
Sigma Nu Tau —
A national academic honor society dedicated to entrepreneurship.
Sigma Pi Sigma —
The national physics honor society.
Sigma Tau Delta —
A national English honor society organized to promote respect for the study of the English language and literature.
Society of Physics Students —
Work with faculty and students outside the classroom to engage in discussions and activities around physics.
Theta Alpha Kappa —
The national honor society for Religious Studies and Theology.
Club & Intramural Sports
Club Sports
Our student-run club sports provide an opportunity to enjoy the fun, competitive environment of sports without the commitment of a varsity program. Many of the clubs have coaches to help you develop skills, fitness, and sportsmanship to enhance your academic experience. And, many of our club teams offer the chance to compete with other colleges and universities throughout the region, state and nation.
Sport clubs are open to all Susquehanna students with any level of experience. (Some are also open to university faculty and staff.)
Learn More
Intramural Sports
Seasons We Offer
: Softball, Flag Football, Soccer, Basketball, Volleyball
IMLEAGUES
Learn More
Diversity Clubs
Cultivating an appreciation for diverse backgrounds and experiences is a vital part of our mission. Joining one of these organizations will allow you to celebrate cultural differences while also recognizing similarities among all members of the campus community.
Asian Cultural Association —
Promote awareness, education and student interest in Asian and Asian-American culture.
Association of Latinx & Allied Students (ALAS)—
Encourages an understanding of and appreciation for Hispanic culture.
Black Student Union (BSU) —
Reflects the social and political views, expands the educational interests, and enhances the particular cultural values of its members, working to educate students about the value of diversity.
Gender and Sexuality Alliance —
Conduct educational programs to create awareness for sexual diversity and address preconceptions about the LGBTQ+ community.
National Congress of Black Women —
Strive to be a social, political and academic leader on campus.
Phi Beta Sigma —
The Gamma Beta Alpha chapter of Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity, Inc. values and promotes brotherhood, scholarship and service.
Sigma Gamma Rho —
The Rho Theta chapter of Sigma Gamma Rho Sorority, Inc.
SU International Club (SUIC) —
Share cultural experiences that promote understanding of different countries and their customs.
Feminist Collective —
Educates students on issues related to gender, sex and identity. It is open to all genders as a safe space to have open and honest conversations.
Greek Life
Join the vibrant Greek Life community at Susquehanna University and make lifelong connections! Nearly 30% of our student body is involved in one of the 11 social fraternities and sororities on campus.
Get involved on campus, meet new people and develop as a leader through a variety of social, academic and philanthropic activities. You’ll also have the chance to connect with a dedicated alumni community and open doors for future professional opportunities.
Wear your organization’s letters with pride as a member of the rich tradition of Greek Life at Susquehanna. Each fraternity and sorority has its own unique history and traditions, just waiting for you to be a part of.
Learn more
Performing Arts Clubs
Let your love for the stage lead you to one of our performing arts clubs. You’ll get the chance to express yourself through song, dance, the spoken word and more!
Chapel Choir —
Lead Sunday morning chapel services in singing.
Harmonic Combustion —
Student a cappella group that performs popular hit songs for campus shows.
Improv Club —
Learn to perform in front of large audiences using improvisational games and acting techniques.
Lamentations Gospel Choir —
Diverse group of individuals dedicated to the spiritual worship and growth of our members and the spread of the gospel through song.
National Association for Music Education —
The preeminent professional organization in the music education field, providing valuable professional development, networking and service opportunities.
SU Dance Corps —
Student-run dance program that offers dance classes and an end-of-the-year showcase for all Susquehanna students.
Handbell Choir —
Practice and perform at Sunday chapel and other events on campus.
SU Swings —
Promotes and teaches swing dancing and other social partner and line dances.
NAfMEc —
Organization of music editors who attend conferences and help out with music programs at local districts.
Publications & Media Clubs
Let your voice be heard by joining one of our literary publications or media organizations. Cover the campus news, run your own radio show or help publish annual literary magazines and journals.
Apprentice Writer —
A student-edited literary magazine that accepts entries in poetry, fiction and non-fiction from U.S. secondary students.
Essay Magazine
—
A publication that features creative writing and photography.
Gingko Magazine
—
A magazine focused on sustainability and the environment.
Flagship
—
A publication that features creative work and photography that focuses on students’ GO program experiences.
FUSE (Forum for Undergraduate Student Editors)
—
A national network for student editors and writers, founded by our Writers Institute, to foster visionary literary magazine work that aims to build a community for student editors and writers across the country.
Her Campus —
A national online magazine written for and by college women, providing content on college life and popular culture.
The Lanthorn —
The annual yearbook.
The Quill
—
Our student-run newspaper.
Rivercraft
—
A literary journal that publishes fiction, poetry and artwork.
Sanctuary
—
A literary magazine dedicated to fantasy, sci-fi and speculative fiction.
Susquehanna University Press
—
The Susquehanna University Press is an independent literary press, student learning lab, and small business that focuses on the creative and business sides of publishing.
The Susquehanna Review
—
A national literature journal featuring the work of undergraduate writers from across the United States.
WQSU
—
Join one of the largest student-run radio stations in the state!
Like Ike Films —
Gain experience in the film-making process and work on short films.
The Squirrel —
Satirical publication which provides students opportunities to develop their writing skills.
Learn More
Religious & Spiritual Clubs
Catholic Campus Ministries —
An organization devoted to helping students learn about and grow in their Catholic faith.
DiscipleMakers (Christian) —
A Christian ministry engaging students through Bible study, gospel-driven discipleship and evangelism.
Fellowship of Christian Athletes —
A Christian ministry engaging students through studying God’s word, aiming to build their relationship with the Lord while applying their faith to their lives as athletes.
Handbell Choir —
The handbell choir performs during select Sunday worship services as well as during some of the larger events on campus, such as the Annual Christmas Candlelight Service.
Hillel House —
In addition to providing educational, cultural and social involvement opportunities for Jewish students to explore and celebrate their Jewish identity, the Hillel House offers a welcoming atmosphere of belonging, whether you’re a member of the Jewish community or not.
Jewish Life —
Explore Susquehanna University as your welcoming place for Jewish students of all backgrounds and family histories. Here, you’ll discover that Jewish identity goes beyond religious practice. It’s a journey to explore Jewish values, traditions and culture.
Susquehanna’s Jewish Life —
Centered in the campus’s Hillel House — Jewish Life offers you engagement in conversations about what it means to be Jewish, deepen your knowledge of the religion and join activities and leadership opportunities. You’ll find safe and productive discussions about antisemitism, bias and injustice — whether on campus or in the broader community.
InterVarsity Christian Fellowship —
Encourages Christians on campus through weekly on-campus worship services, Bible studies and other fellowship activities.
Pagan and Wiccan Practitioners Community —
A community exploring and supporting Pagan and Wiccan identity and practice.
Spirituality & Meaning Learning Cohorts (Interfaith)
—
Students explore their evolving worldview and belief systems within a pluralistic context.
Young Life (Christian) —
A non-denominational Christian ministry that reaches out to local high school students by building relationships through meetings and events.
Learn More
Special Interest Clubs
Fulfill a broad array of interests by joining these special interest clubs. Whether you’re interested in belly dance, politics, improv or the paranormal, there’s a club for you! With more than 30 recognized special interest clubs, there are plenty of options to keep you busy.
Anime & Manga Association —
Explore the world of anime and manga through screenings, design workshops, discussions and cosplay.
Beekeeping Club —
Tend to several hives that pollinate the campus garden.
Boxing Club —
Explore a unique type of workout and build bonds with others with similar interests.
Commuter Student Organization —
An outlet for commuters to gain connections with other commuters, organize events for commuters, give a voice and aid in communication among commuters on campus.
Girls on the Run —
Teach young girls valuable life skills through interactive lessons and games revolving around running.
It’s On Us —
A national campaign focused on raising awareness of sexual violence on college campuses and bringing a stop to all violence from assault to relationship abuse.
E-Sports Club —
Creates a fun safe space for students with video games.
O-Team —
Help welcome new first-year students by building relationships and leadership skills through running and participating in orientation activities.
Photography Club —
Helps students learn more about and grow skills in photography.
Shakespeare Club —
Expand on Shakespeare beyond the classroom with discussions and activities to gain a greater understanding of the poet, playwright, and actor.
American Sign Language Club —
Learn to sign and have fun with review games and practice activities.
Student Athletic Advisory Committee —
Organizes an annual community service projects for athletes and addresses the needs, concerns and wants of student-athletes in regard to collegiate athletics programs, academic pursuits, campus life and community initiatives.
Sub-Popular Culture Club —
Creates a community for students with interests in otherwise “nerdy,” “weird” or “offbeat” things. This clubs will give students a place to come together and share their interests and passions with others.
SU College Democrats —
Promote awareness of current issues and Democratic philosophies.
SU Film Club —
For anyone with an interest in cinema and the mechanics of making a movie, covers screenwriting, acting and everything in between.
SU Paranormal —
Allows students to explore their interests in the paranormal through investigations and classes.
SU Republicans —
Promote awareness of issues represented by the Republican Party.
Young Americans for Liberty —
An organization that exists to promote, and protect the absolute values of freedom especially focusing on freedom of speech and emphasizing the role of the Constitution in the American government. The foundation of their values are framed within the non-aggression principle (NAP).
Bison Battalion Army ROTC —
Recruits, retains, educates and develops quality cadets to be commissioned As ZLTs to provide leaders or character for our army.
Crypto Hawks —
an inclusive space for students to research and discuss crypto, DeF and blockchain.
Morgan’s Message —
A student-athlete mental health awareness group.
Nutrition Awareness Club —
Promotes and teaches proper nutrition at SU.
Student Library Advisory Committee —
Gathers students input regarding library resources and services and provides a channel of communication between librarians and students.
SU Slam Poetry —
A free verse slam poetry group at Susquehanna.
Students Demand Action —
Educates students on gun violence prevention as part of a national volunteer initiative.
P.S. I Love You —
an organization geared towards mental health awareness and spreading kindness, while focusing on stopping bullying and suicide both on and off campus.
Student Programs
Want to help decide and organize concerts, coffeehouse acts, films, magicians, speakers and comedians that come to campus? Join Susquehanna’s Student Activities Committee (SAC), the major student programming organization on campus.
You’ll be at the center of the action, helping to decide destinations for shuttle trips, planning our giant spring weekend carnival and deciding on activities for Fall Frenzy to kick off the school year and more.
Student Government Association —
The governing institution of the student body.
Student Programming Board —
Help bring fun activities to Susquehanna University as a member of our Student Activities Committee (SAC).
TRAX —
Our on-campus, student-run entertainment venue features a dance floor, DJ booth, billiards area, bar, performance stage and more. Available to student groups to hold events in.
Outdoor Recreation —
hosts adventures on and off campus as well as provides yard games and bikes for students to rent.
Volunteer & Service Clubs
Make a difference on campus and in the community by participating in one of Susquehanna University’s many volunteer and service organizations!
Service is an integral part of campus life. Each year, more than 25,000 hours of community service are performed by members of the campus community.
Alpha Phi Omega —
A national service fraternity that allows you to develop leadership skills and forge friendships through service.
Animal Club —
Focused on providing students with an outlet to interact with and gain experience with all types of animals.
Best Buddies —
Work one-on-one with individuals with intellectual disabilities and special needs.
Blood Drives —
We partner with the American Red Cross to sponsor blood drives on campus five times throughout the year.
B+ Foundation —
Raising money to provide support for families with children struggling with pediatric cancer, B+ holds an annual dance marathon and multiple fundraisers throughout the year.
Community Food Action Team
—
Bring free, healthy food to those in need in the Selinsgrove area. You’ll help host monthly free community breakfasts, assist Meals for Seals with their weekend backpack program for school children and serve meals at the local Martha’s Table program.
Circle K —
Join in campus and community service through affiliation with Kiwanis International.
Enactus —
Students create and implement community empowerment projects through entrepreneurship.
Environmental Club —
Dedicated to expanding member knowledge on all aspects surrounding climate change and human impact on the environment, as well as on actions members can take to increase sustainability and environmentalism both in their lives and in the greater community.
SEALingrove Buddies —
Connect students with youth in the community through penpals and foot and coat drives.
Sowing Change
—
Working with Bucknell University, our Sowing Change initiative is a network of community and campus gardens that aims to strengthen regional food security.
Study Buddy
SU GIVE
—
Get Involved with Volunteer Experiences (SU GIVE) is a Susquehanna tradition and a rewarding day of service for first-year students.
SU SERVE
—
Students and alumni alike step it up each April with volunteer service near campus and regions beyond.
SU SPLASH —
This one-week service learning opportunity gives a select group of incoming first-year students a unique chance to get involved.
Susky Helps Students —
Raising money and collecting school supplies for local school districts in need.
Student Clubs & Organizations
DIve Deeper into
your Interests
Join the Student Activities Committee (SAC) and help shape campus life by planning concerts, film screenings, exciting weekend activities and more; determining shuttle trip destinations; organizing our spring weekend carnival and selecting fall frenzy activities. With SAC, you’ll play a key role in creating unforgettable experiences for the entire Susquehanna community.
Where Passion Meets Purpose
Straight from the Nest
Previous Slide
Next Slide
“Getting involved on this campus is something that’s a ‘must’ in my opinion. Whether you’re on a sports team, a part of a club, or in a fraternity or sorority, it makes the atmosphere and your experience at Susquehanna that much better.”
—
Jaxson Purnell ’25
Sports Media
“The closest organization to my heart is SU Dance Corps. I absolutely love being a part of the dance program here. We have a team of practically professional students who make my time at Susquehanna worth every minute. I teach a musical theatre dance class, and it’s been really nice to be given the opportunity to lead fellow students, as well as come up with my own creative choreography.”
—
Olivia Weaver ’25
Earth & Environmental Studies
“Being involved in student government and other organizations at Susquehanna has allowed me to be connected to other students. I can serve other students, help them form their own clubs and encourage them get involved at Susquehanna.”
—
Jonathan Ulicny ’27
Legal Studies
Political Science
“Susquehanna makes it very easy for students to be a part of something. Whether you are joining a club or a sports team, Greek life or any other extracurricular, the university encourages you and makes you feel a part of the Susquehanna family and community.”
—
Tom Hallahan ’25
Marketing
“I’m a member of Greek life at Susquehanna, which has made my life feel a lot more special. The feeling of brotherhood is something I wanted to find when I came here. Our Greek life is so vastly different than what you commonly see at other universities. It’s nice to come together as all the organizations, and not just my own fraternity, for a common goal to better the Susquehanna campus and the Selinsgrove community.”
—
Jake Lanning ’25
English Literature
Professional & Civic Writing
“Greek life helps support Susquehanna’s community. We’re always hosting events for
charitable initiatives
or to serve the community. It supports the university in hosting activities, and it’s a great way to socialize.”
—
Audrey McHugh ’27
History
Secondary Education
Have Questions?
Contact US
Student Activities & Programs
514 University Ave.
Selinsgrove, PA 17870
Get Directions
Location
Degenstein Campus Center
Campus Map
Email
ole@susqu.edu