URL: https://daniels.du.edu/graduate-admissions/events
TITLE: Graduate Admissions Events | Daniels College of Business

Explore...
Apply Now
Request Info
Start Application
Schedule A Visit
Viewbook
The best way to learn if the Daniels College of Business is the right place for you is to start making connections with members of our graduate business community. Whether you plan to visit to our beautiful campus, meet with us virtually or join us at an event, there are many ways to connect with Daniels.
Visit Campus
Visit us on the beautiful University of Denver campus, where you can sit in on a class, explore the area, have coffee with a current student and more. Customize your visit and choose what's most important to you.
> Schedule a visit
Find directions to campus, local attractions to explore and more on our
Visit Daniels page
.
Get a bird's eye view of the Daniels College of Business
Virtual Visits
Schedule a virtual chat with a member of the Daniels team to learn more about our programs and life as a Daniels student. You can choose between:
a coffee chat with a current student
conversation with a faculty member in your program of interest
consultation with a representative from Graduate Admissions, Graduate Career Services or Graduate Student Services
Virtual visits will last 30 minutes to an hour. You can use the form below to schedule both virtual and in-person visits.
SCHEDULE A VISIT
Virtual Campus Tour
Get a close-up view of the University of Denver campus without leaving home.
Start the Tour
Do You Have Questions?
Luke Parrott
Director, Graduate Admissions
Reach out to Luke or your dedicated admissions advisor any time if you have questions about the admissions process.
303.871.3416
Contact Luke
Student Profiles
Stefanie Genauer
Master's in Real Estate and the Built Environment
Jess Bohn
Executive MBA
Ketty Aldy Odero
Master's in Business Analytics
Erin Legwold
Denver MBA
Michael Chickos
Online MBA
Nick Helleen
Denver MBA
Olamide Olorunkosebi
Part-time Professional MBA
Alana Mullins
Part-time Professional MBA
Mausam Parajuli
Master's in Accounting, Technology and Analytics
Tatum Van Willingh
Bachelor's in Business Information and Analytics
Meghan C. Dimsa
Executive MBA
Summit Milone
Denver MBA
View All Profiles
Global Challenge Alters Alum’s Personal, Professional Mission
An Executive MBA immersion in Rwanda and Uganda changed the way Adam Williams saw the world and built his future.
Five Ways Students Are Feeling The Daniels Effect
Daniels students develop an inquisitive mindset, take risks, learn from failure, tackle challenges and leave ready to disrupt business for the better.
Reality TV Producer Flips the Script to Daniels MBA
After a decade in her dream industry, Katherine Hart is using an MBA to broaden her skill set and reposition herself in the job market.
Competition Leads to Job for DU Sales Team Coach
Hands-on competition experience opened the post-grad door for marketing student Nora Anderson.
The Three-Step Plan to Finding Your Dream Job
Daniels management faculty Bud Bilanich has a proven strategy for helping students land a position.
Daniels Strengthens MBA Rankings in U.S. News & World Report
Quality career outcomes, strong starting salaries and high-caliber students pushed Daniels higher on the list of Best Business Schools.
AI Tools Business Students Should Master
A practical guide to the AI tools business students should master, with workflows and best practices for career readiness.
Daniels Leads Two Decades of Rocky Mountain Real Estate Challenges
Burns students have won 15 of 23 Rocky Mountain Real Estate Challenges, showcasing preparation, networking and career‑ready skills.
Alumna Preaches Play for Wellness and Success
Mia Sundstrom and the Student Success Center are creating a new space for connection, resilience and belonging.
More Articles