URL: https://daniels.du.edu/graduate-admissions/tuition-and-aid/military-students
TITLE: GI Bill Students at Daniels | Daniels College of Business

Explore...
Apply Now
Request Info
Start Application
Schedule A Visit
Viewbook
Veterans and active-duty military bring a powerful mix of experience, leadership skills and motivation to our programs. We actively seek out military students and their families, and we want to make sure you have full access to a high-quality business education.
That’s why we offer
unlimited Yellow Ribbon funding
for our graduate programs.
Yellow Ribbon Funding
For eligible veterans and their families, Daniels and the University of Denver cover tuition costs over the GI Bill cap, making us a fully funded Yellow Ribbon institution. If you’re 100% GI Bill eligible, then the Yellow Ribbon program will cover your full tuition and fees for any graduate program you choose.
Contact the Veterans Services office
to learn more about GI Bill activation.
Why Daniels?
Veterans thrive at Daniels because our small class sizes and tightknit community give you the support you need to successfully make the transition to civilian life. Our programs promote teamwork, leadership development and networking–all skills that will complement your military experience to help you thrive in the classroom and the workplace. Our MBA@Denver was even ranked No. 44 among online MBAs for veterans by U.S. News & World Report.
In addition, we offer:
Pre-admissions application and resume assistance from our admissions counselors
Lifelong assistance from Career Services in marketing your skills to employers
Help planning your academic career from our Graduate Student Services team
Access to Daniels’ extensive alumni network, with more than 40,000 people in more than 150 countries worldwide
Learn more about the GI Bill and veteran education benefits
at the University of Denver.
To learn more about Daniels' programs and application process,
contact the Office of Graduate Admissions
or call 303-871-3416.
Alumnus profile
Robert J.H. Roybal, MBA 2018
U.S. Navy Veteran
"
I have been surrounded by not only outstanding peers, professors and faculty but also several fellow military/veteran students. Having individuals that are in a similar situation in these matters helps immensely. Being able to speak to other members of the armed forces is key to the transition back into an education environment."
Read Full Profile
University Support
Beyond what you’ll find at Daniels, the University of Denver provides a number of resources specifically for veterans. In fact, U.S. News & World Report ranked DU number 50 in the country among the best schools for veterans.
The University provides:
Comprehensive GI Bill and military assistance counseling
The Right Foot Forward program, which connects top-performing veteran students with mentors and provides them with a custom-fitted business suit at the end of the program
A strong Student Veterans Association
Housing discounts for veterans
The
Sturm Center
, where you and your family can get confidential behavior and mental health services
For more information:
For questions about benefits, email
vacertify@du.edu.
For questions about student life, email
veterans@du.edu.
Veterans Services at DU
Do You Have Questions?
Luke Parrott
Director, Graduate Admissions
Reach out to Luke or your dedicated admissions advisor any time if you have questions about the admissions process.
303.871.3416
Contact Luke
Executive MBA is Right Place, Right People, Right Reasons for Marine Vet
Hans Prahl has found the challenge and support he craved after a career in the military and as an entrepreneur.
DU Supports Veterans ‘To and Through’
DU surrounds student vets and military-affiliated students with the people, programs and resources to help them thrive.
Tenure Track is Next Step in Matt Orlowsky’s Leadership Journey
Air Force veteran Matt Orlowsky credits his transition to academia largely to the Executive PhD program at the Daniels College of Business.
Why DU is the Best School in Colorado for Veterans
Army veteran Chase Curtis explains how the University of Denver and Daniels College of Business have supported him as he transitions to civilian life.
Veterans Gain Valuable Skills in Daniels MBA Programs
An MBA program is a great option for veterans looking to boost their traditional business skills, after years of developing their leadership and ...
MBA Grad Answers ‘Call of Duty’ in Post-Military Career
The Daniels Online MBA gave Steve Delp new perspective, business acumen, and the hard and soft skills he is using to grow a software company.
Active Duty Officer Researches New Tech in PhD Program
Gordon Broadbent is studying how big companies adapt emerging technologies like artificial intelligence.
Grad Student Balances Service with MBA Studies, Channels Skills into Shields and Stripes Nonprofit
Joshua Longenecker is helping police, firefighters and military veterans with their mental health.
Military Veterans Find Camaraderie, Business Expertise in Executive MBA
Three veterans share how they ended up at Daniels and what they learned in the Executive MBA program.
More Articles