URL: https://daniels.du.edu/graduate-admissions/graduate-life-at-daniels
TITLE: Student Life in Denver | Daniels College of Business

Explore...
Apply Now
Request Info
Start Application
Schedule A Visit
Viewbook
Graduate students at Daniels join a community of ambitious, innovative and driven learners at one of the oldest business schools in the country. The roughly 900 students in our specialized master’s and MBA programs, graduate certificates, and executive PhD program come from across Colorado, around the country and around the world, with a broad range of experience levels and industry expertise.
Life on Campus
Daniels is part of the University of Denver, located on a beautiful campus roughly 5 miles south of downtown Denver. DU is a mid-sized University of around 12,000 graduate and undergraduate students from more than 80 countries.
Student organizations
You can engage with the Daniels community by joining one of the dozens of
Daniels student organizations
, where you can delve deeper into the industries that interest you, build lifelong relationships and business networks, and connect with other students for support. You can also explore the
directory of DU student organizations
to meet other students across campus. If you don’t find what you’re looking for, you can create your own!
College events
Events are held throughout the year for the Daniels community, ranging from meet and greets with employers to seminars, case competitions, informal socializing and more. Students can find topics that match their interests, explore new ideas and build their business networks.
See upcoming events at Daniels
.
Career Services
The
Career Services team
supports students throughout their time at Daniels and beyond. Career Services hosts recruiting and networking events across the College, offers career programming tailored to specific degrees, and coaches students through every stage of the career development process.
And support doesn’t end with graduation—alumni have lifelong access to career support and advice from Career Services.
Transportation and Housing
Public transportation
For students who choose not to drive, there are a number of public transportation options to get to campus. Several bus lines stop at or near DU, and there is a light rail train station on the north edge of campus. Full-time graduate students receive an EcoPass that allows free travel on the city’s buses and trains, including the light rail to Denver International Airport.
Driving
There are several parking options on the University’s campus, most of which are in short walking distance of Daniels. Students can purchase an annual permit for the permit-only lots on campus, or park in one of the campus lots that charge hourly.
Biking
Denver is also a very bike-friendly city, and campus is located near a number of protected bike paths and lanes, as well as parks. Washington Park is one of Denver’s largest public open spaces and is located a short bike ride from campus.
Housing
There are University-owned furnished apartments for graduate students on campus. If you’d like to live off campus, the Off-Campus Housing website can help you find a rental or find roommates. Our students often live in nearby neighborhoods like Washington Park, University Hills, South Broadway, Cherry Creek and the Denver Tech Center.
Student Profiles
Hunter West (Jones-Volpi)
Part-time Professional MBA
Zilong (Jayden) Yu
Bachelor's in Business Information and Analytics
Sara Gebretsadik
Master's in Applied Quantitative Finance
Garret Stearns
Denver MBA
Aleks Liubimyi
Online MBA
Mausam Parajuli
Master's in Accounting, Technology and Analytics
Mia Hebinck
Master's in Management
Tatum Van Willingh
Bachelor's in Business Information and Analytics
Dani Roney
Master's in Business Analytics
Darlington Ziyomo
Master's in Business Analytics
Chelsea Booth
Online MBA
Olamide Olorunkosebi
Part-time Professional MBA
View All Profiles
Life in Denver
Denver, known as the Mile-High City, offers a one-of-a-kind combination of urban sophistication and access to outdoor adventure, paired with a thriving business community.
Explore Denver’s neighborhoods and attractions >
Mild climate
Though it’s only a short drive from some of North America’s best skiing terrain, Denver is one of the sunniest cities in the United States. It’s commonly said to have 300 days of sunshine a year. Even in the winter the skies are often clear, with occasional winter storms that are short lived and snow that melts quickly in the sun.
Outdoor Access
Denver is located at the base of the Rocky Mountains, a short drive away from hiking, camping, skiing, rock climbing and more, and some of the most stunning scenery in the world. Denver serves as the ideal home base for outdoor activity, and it’s home to a highly active population that loves to be outdoors.
Dining
The city’s dining and drinking scene is growing faster than ever before, and the experts are taking notice. Michelin recently announced that its anonymous inspectors had begun dining in Colorado’s restaurants, making the Centennial State just the sixth U.S. location included in the guide at the time. If you’re thirsty, Denver’s beer scene is amongst the best in the country, with more than 150 brewpubs across the city.
Sports
Looking to tailgate and take in a game? Denver has professional teams in football, basketball, baseball, hockey, soccer and lacrosse, plus smaller local teams. On campus, DU Athletics offers nine teams to watch, including a hockey team that’s won more national championships than any other program in U.S. college hockey.
Arts and music
Denver’s live music scene is thriving. The iconic Red Rocks Park Amphitheatre is just west of the city. The city has numerous other live music venues of all sizes, both indoor and outdoor, attracting renowned acts from across the globe. Denver also boasts museums, performing arts venues and comedy clubs to meet the needs of all lovers of the arts.
Explore Daniels and Denver
Joining us at Daniels means choosing a supportive community committed to your success in one of the greatest locations in the world.
To learn more about everything Daniels has to offer,
schedule a visit to campus
or contact a
graduate admissions counselor
.