URL: https://daniels.du.edu/graduate-admissions/international-students
TITLE: International Students | Graduate Admission | Daniels College of Business

Explore...
Apply Now
Request Info
Start Application
Schedule A Visit
Viewbook
The University of Denver’s Daniels College of Business values the perspectives and experiences that international students bring to our community. We’re here to support our international students throughout the entire admissions process, from before you apply all the way through your experience as a student.
If you have questions regarding academic programs, the application process, financial aid or anything else that may affect your time at Daniels, please
reach out to us online
or at +1 303-871-3416. See our
frequently asked questions page
for more information specific to international students.
STEM-designated programs
The Daniels College of Business has three master's programs designated as STEM
(science, technology, engineering and math) degrees by the Department of Homeland Security. With this designation, F-1 international students may apply for a 24-month extension for Optional Practical Training (OPT).
The designated degrees are:
MS in Accounting, Technology and Analytics
MS in Applied Quantitative Finance
MS in Business Information and Analytics
Contact a graduate admissions advisor
if you have questions about our STEM programs.
See our tips from international students for advice on how to thrive at Daniels.
Eligibility and Transcripts
To be eligible for graduate programs at the University of Denver, candidates must hold the equivalent of a U.S. bachelor’s degree and must submit the following:
Transcripts and mark sheets from each post-secondary institution attended
Proof of degree, degree certificate or diploma from each post-secondary institution attended
If academic transcripts were issued in a language other than English, both the original documents and certified English translations are required.
DU requires a nonrefundable fee of $50 for third-party international credential evaluation.
English Proficiency
If English is not your native language, you will need to submit TOEFL, IELTS, or CAE scores unless you earned a bachelor’s degree or higher from a formally-recognized/accredited university where the institution’s sole language of instruction and examination was English. Test scores should be submitted with your application; the University of Denver TOEFL score code is 4842.
We require a minimum TOEFL iBT score of 80, IELTS score of 6.5, CAE score of 185 or Duolingo score of 115. The Daniels College of Business does not offer conditional admission.
Visa Information
International applicants are required to provide
additional documents
in order to receive immigration materials from the University of Denver. These items are not required until after an applicant is offered admission but submitting them with your application can expedite the visa process.  Visa documents will not be processed until an enrollment deposit is received after the time of admission.
Watch Video
About Denver
Denver is a growing, thriving city on the eastern edge of the Rocky Mountains, with 300 days of sunshine a year and vibrant business and cultural communities.
Learn more about Denver
Campus Resources
We know that acclimating to life in another country requires thorough preparation.
International Student and Scholar Services
—also known as I-House or ISSS—serves as an important resource for our community of international graduate students. The mission of ISSS is to assist international students and scholars to succeed academically, personally and professionally during their time at DU, and to provide advice and support to help them remain in legal immigration status.
Contact ISSS
isss@du.edu
| +1 303.871.4912
International House (ISSS)
2200 S Josephine St.
Denver, CO 80208
USA
Other resources for international students include:
Our
international
graduate student ambassadors
are happy to share their personal experiences with Daniels and Denver with you. Feel free to email an ambassador from a program of your interest with your questions or to arrange a time to chat virtually.
Our
DU Global Friends Program
promotes friendship across cultures within the DU community by matching international students with domestic students.
Student Affairs
provides students with the support and skills they need to become empowered citizens who positively impact their communities, now and in the future.
DU's
Housing and Residential Education
department does not provide off-campus housing, however they are happy to help connect you to resources for living off campus.
External Resources
International Student and Scholar Services recommends the following links as resources for general questions about studying in the United States as an international student.
Study in the States
Education USA
Connect With an International Student
Our graduate student ambassadors are happy to share their personal experiences studying at Daniels and living in Denver as international students. Feel free to email an ambassador with your questions or to arrange a time to come to the beautiful University of Denver campus to meet them.
Francisca Boafo
Master of Science in Business Analytics
Graduate Student Ambassador
Safiatou Guiro
Master of Accountancy
Graduate Student Ambassador
Bright Ikwetie
Master of Science in Accounting, Technology and Analytics
Graduate Student Ambassador
Fay Wang
Master of Science in Accounting, Technology and Analytics
Graduate Student Ambassador
Huimin Wang
Master of Science in Business Analytics
Graduate Student Ambassador
Do You Have Questions?
Luke Parrott
Director, Graduate Admissions
Reach out to Luke or your dedicated admissions advisor any time if you have questions about the admissions process.
303.871.3416
Contact Luke
Daniels
Newsroom
10 Common Myths About the International Student Experience
The Daniels Newsroom put 10 international student myths to the test to demystify the experience of attending the University of Denver.
New Daniels Club Brings Worldly Wisdom to International Students
A new club, Daniels Beyond Borders, provides community and advice for international students at the Daniels College of Business.
International Student Expands Skills, Builds Community, Lands Job
Gig Preedeewet provides cash-flow projections and other services as an accountant at KB Custom Ag Services in northern Colorado.
6 Admissions Tips for International Students in the U.S.
Use these six tips from the Daniels College of Business admissions team to learn more about what international students need to study in the USA.
Top 5 Tips for Writing an Admissions Essay That Gets You In
Writing graduate school application essays can certainly feel like a daunting task, but these essays give the admissions committee a chance to ...
From Sweden to Daniels
Julia Broberg found flexibility and support as she navigated her master's of management program.
How Hardship Sparked Opportunity for Daniels Student
Tragedy led Paloma Muñoz on an unconventional journey from Mexico City to the Daniels College of Business.
From Germany to Daniels
Simon Heid navigated a long-distance transition to find his home at Daniels.
Why Clean and Green Muddy the Energy Transition
The first time the spotlight found Arjun Murti, he didn't like it very much. An analyst at Goldman Sachs, Murti (BSBA 1992) had made a bold—but ...
More Articles