URL: https://daniels.du.edu/international-business
TITLE: International Business | Daniels College of Business

Why Study International Business?
Business is global—period.  What happens in one part of the world affects the rest. No country is immune from changes in the global marketplace. It's not only prudent to understand the global nature of business, but it's also a true business necessity of the 21
st
century.
Everyone is impacted by international forces, either directly or indirectly. For many operations in the U.S., it's likely that competitors, suppliers, customers, employees, managers or even owners are from other countries. It's just as much true in most other world economies. Higher-level positions with multinational corporations increasingly require experience in the domestic side of the corporations’ business before assuming international responsibilities.
The International Business major provides a broad education in business and the social sciences. With a focus on the international work environment, it will enhance the core business courses by increasing the student’s understanding of the interdependence and complexity of conducting business in a global marketplace.
International Business majors are often found to have double majors in areas including but not limited to finance, marketing, accountancy, business analytics, hospitality management, sociology, anthropology, political science, international affairs, geography, languages and philosophy.
Download Degree Plan
Careers in International Business
4+1 Programs
Through Daniels' 4+1 programs, you can combine your bachelor's with a master's degree in business analytics or one of four other subject areas. You can earn both your bachelor's and master's in five years.
Five of our master’s programs offer the 4+1 dual-degree option:
Business Analytics
Finance
Management
Marketing
Real Estate and the Built Environment
Learn More About 4+1 Programs
Studying Abroad
If you're intent on an international career, actual overseas experience–beyond vacation travel–is vital.Business students must be prepared to interact with persons from other cultures and to manage in circumstances where business practices and social conventions are different from the graduate’s native country. To meet this requirement all students must fulfill an international experience before they can graduate as a business major. International students meet this requirement by virtue of studying at DU.
Students may meet the international experience through at least one of the following ways:
Participate in DU's
Cherrington Global Scholars program
, which helps fund undergraduate travel for study abroad programs
Take one of the international courses offered through Daniels
Studying abroad can be an integral part of an international business education, and it's strongly encouraged at the University of Denver. International Business majors have attended universities in such countries as Australia, New Zealand, Spain, Germany, France, Thailand, Japan, India, England, Ireland, Italy and many more across the globe. A study abroad experience is an excellent way to enhance your degree and job potential. The opportunities are endless!
Admission
Join students who come to Daniels from across the U.S. and around the world for a rigorous business education.
Take the next step toward realizing your goal of earning a degree from a top-ranked business college by reviewing Daniels admission information:
Learn More About Admission