URL: https://daniels.du.edu/international-student-handbook
TITLE: International Student Handbook | Daniels College of Business

International Student Handbook
The International Student Handbook for the Daniels College of Business should be used for reference and information about your graduate experience. Information regarding immigration should always be obtained from
DU International Student and Scholar Services
.
WELCOME
On behalf of Graduate Student Services, congratulations and welcome to the University of Denver and the Daniels College of Business. We realize the transition to graduate school in the United States can be overwhelming and hope this handbook will provide some helpful resources and information. We encourage you to visit Graduate Student Services in the Daniels College of Business, room 155, as well as the University of Denver’s International House once you arrive on campus. Please let us know if you need anything else to prepare for your degree program.
IMMIGRATION
Since this information is very important for International Students, always refer to University of Denver’s (DU)
ISSS
web page, which should be the only official source of information for immigration issues. New students should refer to their webpage
ISSS/New Students
for information regarding pre-arrival and orientation.
International Student and Scholar Services (ISSS) is located in the International House (2200 South Josephine Street, Denver, CO 80208), and provides the following services to international students on campus:
Immigration and cultural adjustment advising:
ISSS/
DULife
Issuance of immigration documents, authorizations, and certification letters:
ISSS/Visa&Immigration
and
ISSS/forms
Advocacy for international student and scholar issues on campus
Orientation, employment, and travel workshops:
ISSS/Employment
Sponsorship of international student organizations
Cultural and social activities
ISSS seeks to develop positive working relationships with other offices on campus to ensure that international students have an exceptional experience during their stay at DU. They are a really helpful resource, and all international students are encouraged to take advantage of this service. ISSS would like to be thought of as your “home away from home."
It is important also to check their webpage regularly as immigration rules frequently change. The ISSS webpage and forms are updated frequently.
TAXES
You must report all income you earn while in the United States by filing both a federal and state tax return each year. Tax returns must be filed by April 15 of each year worked. Failure to file a tax return by the due date is both a federal and state offense and can lead to criminal action against you. The DU accounting society Beta Alpha Psi offers free tax filing assistance to international students each winter quarter through the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) program. The VITA website provides details on how and when you can take advantage of this great service. For more information about taxes, please refer to
ISSS/Taxes
.
HOUSING
Due to space limitations, on-campus housing is not always available for graduate students. For information about DU apartments, visit the
student affairs website
.
Off-campus Housing
Many housing options ranging in price can be found off-campus around DU or in the Denver metro area. When searching for housing, consider your living preferences and personal budget before committing to a particular housing option.
Locating a place to live can take time and research depending on your budget and the amenities you are looking for. Please check the site
Off-campus housing
for a list of apartments around the DU area.
When searching for a place to live, there are many factors that you should consider, such as:
Distance to campus
Availability of public transportation or a bike path
Furnished or unfurnished, including cooking supplies, kitchen appliances, washer, dryer
Possibility of a roommate or shared bathroom
Whether utilities are included in the rent or are separate
Required security deposit
Other associated fees
Some of the resources to find off campus housing are the following:
DU Off Campus Website
:
Rental Properties
webpage (view rentals and find a roommate)
DU Campus Life Office
:
Driscoll North (Suite 200)
Apartment Locators
(
Padmapper.com
,
Apartments.com
,
Apartment Advisor
)
Bulletin Boards:
Many grocery stores, DU campus buildings, including the International House, and common spaces have areas where the public can post flyers, including landlords posting a vacancy.
Visit and walk the DU neighborhood
looking for rent signs. Some property owners will advertise an opening by placing a 'Vacancy' or 'Room for Rent' sign in the yard or in the window.
Wheelhouse Properties
is the preferred off-campus housing provider. Preview their options at Wheelhouseapts.com. For more detailed property information or to schedule a tour, see the contact information on the
Off-campus housing page
.
Vista Housing is very close to campus and has been helpful for students who need urgent housing. See
LiveVistaDenver.com
.
Securing Housing:
When you find your desired apartment or house, know that an application fee is often required to check a renter’s credit and criminal history before being approved to lease a property. The lease agreement is a legal contract obligating you to pay rent on a property for a specified amount of time. Although it is sometimes possible to "break" your lease or move out before the date specified in the contract, it is often difficult to do so, and you could be legally obligated to continue paying the rent. You may be asked to pay a security deposit and/or a damage deposit when signing a lease.
Before you move into the apartment, confirm with the landlord or rental company what utilities are included in your monthly rent.
Common utility providers include: water, electricity and gas (Xcel Energy), television and Internet access, local telephone service, garbage and/or sewage.
For additional information, please see
ISSS/Housing
.
HEALTH & SAFETY
Health
The University of Denver is concerned not only with your academic success but also with your physical health and mental well-being. The University of Denver's
Health and Counseling
Center
(HCC) is located on campus on the third floor of the Ritchie Center. The University provides medical and psychological services through the HCC, including offering counseling professionals who can assist students dealing with issues such as grief, stress, anxiety, or culture shock.
All international students with an I-20 or DS-2019 issued by the University of Denver are required to participate in the University's
Student Health Insurance Plan
(SHIP), which is included in their tuition and fees unless waived by showing proof of having a comparable plan. Therefore, most of the HCC's services are available to international students for little or no additional expense. If you have questions regarding coverage or cost, please contact the HCC.
Health insurance provides coverage for most routine and unexpected medical expenses. In particular, health insurance may provide coverage for prenatal care and delivery services for pregnant women, but coverage must generally be in place before the pregnancy in order to cover these expenses. Without insurance coverage, medical expenses can be extremely burdensome and are the source of a great deal of debt for many Americans.
All students born after 1956 are required to show proof of two MMR (measles, mumps and rubella) vaccinations. Both vaccinations must have been administered after you were one year old and at least one month apart from each other or longer. Evidence of having had any of these diseases does not satisfy the vaccination requirement. If you have not received the required MMR vaccinations, you may request them at the Health and Counseling Center. For more information about the vaccination requirement, or to request vaccination services, please visit the
DU Immunization Requirements
webpage.
Safety
The
Department of Campus Safety
is staffed 24 hours a day year-round by trained professionals employed to serve the University community. In life-threatening emergencies, or when you need immediate police, fire or medical assistance, make the following TWO calls: 911 and 303-871-3000 (1-3000). The University has a network of emergency phones that are easily recognizable and are located throughout campus. They can be used at any time to report crimes or suspicious activity.
If you need to go somewhere on campus after dark and do not have someone to walk with you, you can contact Campus Safety at 303-871-2334 to request an escort. For more information and to learn how to sign up, go to the
Emergency Notification System
webpage.
TRANSPORTATION
Public Transportation
Denver and the surrounding communities are connected by a series of bus routes and light rail lines managed by the Regional Transportation District (RTD). The University of Denver will provide you with the
RTD Pass
at no additional cost, which gives you unlimited access to this extensive public transportation system. You’ll get this pass from the same place you get your Pioneer ID card.
Bicycles
Bicycles are a common form of transportation on the DU campus. If you plan to have a
bicycle on campus, make sure to visit the Parking & Mobility Services website for a bike map and the University's
bicycle regulations
.
Driving
In order to drive a motorized vehicle such as a car, truck, moped, or motorcycle in Colorado, it is necessary to have a valid driver's license. Please visit the Driver's License/State ID webpage for more details on obtaining a Colorado license. For more information about transportation, please visit
ISSS/Transportation and
Driving
.
BANKING
Opening a bank account is not a complicated process. Many banks offer free checking accounts to students. These accounts typically come with an ATM card or debit card, the ability to write checks, and the option to access your account online to review the balance and transaction history.
Any bank location near the University of Denver is familiar with the needs of international students. They will be able answer your questions and assist you in opening an account. Most banks do not require an appointment to open an account.
There are several banks located near the DU Campus. Neither the University nor International Student and Scholar Service endorses a particular bank. Before visiting a bank or opening an account, carefully consider your personal financial needs and be ready to discuss the services you would like to receive with a customer service representative (check the link
ISSS/Daily_Life
)
1st Bank
| 303-778-8300 | 1316 E. Evans Ave.
Bank of the West
| 303-202-5521 | 2050 S. Downing St.
Chase Bank
| 720-570-0751 | 2040 S. University Blvd.
Key Bank
| 303-753-1779 | 2305 S. Colorado Blvd.
TCF Bank
| 303-839-3030 | 2090 S. University Blvd.
US Bank
| 303-542-0325 | Driscoll Student Center
Wells Fargo
| 303-733-3560 | 2150 S. Downing St. (inside Safeway)
CELL PHONES
There are two main types of cell phone service: monthly plans with a contract or prepaid plans. Due to the large number of providers and plans, it is recommended that you research several options before making a final decision. Each major provider has a store located near the University of Denver.
Prepaid Plans
Prepaid plans are recommended because they are easier for new international students to obtain because they do not require a Social Security number and/or a credit history check.
Contract Plans
Contract plans offer lower monthly rates and lower prices on new phones compared to prepaid plans. Typically, the best prices are offered to customers who sign two-year contracts for cell phone service. While the rates are lower, terminating a contract early requires the customer to pay a large penalty. To qualify for a contract plan, a cell phone provider will generally review the applicant's credit history. Since new international students do not have Social Security numbers or credit history in the United States, they must typically give a security deposit, which could be $400-$500.
For more information about cell phones, please check
ISSS/Daily Life
.
PIONEER ID CARD
The Pioneer ID Card is your official identification while attending the University of Denver. All students are required to carry the ID card while on campus. The Pioneer ID Card also functions as a debit card for the Meal Plans on campus and the Flex debit account. The Pioneer ID Card offers a convenient debit account, as well as meal plan and printing accounts. Please refer to the link
Pioneer Card
for more information about the Pioneer ID Card.
MEAL PLANS AND RESTAURANTS
The meal plan provides a set number of meals at campus facilities and a meal plan cash account loaded to the Pioneer ID Card. Meals can be used in the community commons dining room and at other food vendors around campus. Meal plan cash can be used at several food service locations around campus. Refer to
DU Dining
for additional information and pricing on meal plans.
There are many restaurant and food options close to campus. When eating out, it is good to be aware that tips or gratuities are not added into the bill. Based on the level of service by the server(s), a tip/gratuity of 15-20% of the bill (not including tax) is recommended. However, tips are not expected at fast food restaurants or cafeterias where food is ordered at the counter.
SHOPPING
The Denver area has a wide variety of stores and shopping centers, which carry almost any type of merchandise that you could be looking for. Many stores are open seven days a week, including holidays, and some are even open 24 hours a day.
When you purchase anything other than grocery items, you will usually be charged state and local sales tax. Unlike many countries, sales tax is not included in the prices displayed. The tax is added when you check out.
Grocery Stores
There is a good selection of places to purchase grocery items around campus especially if you use public transportation or have access to a car. Grocery stores in the area include Safeway, Whole Foods, and King Soopers. For those looking for food items from their home countries, Denver has many ethnic grocery stores. Also, ISSS has available a list of international grocery stores close to DU.
Household Goods
When shopping to find items for your dorm room or apartment, large retailers such as Wal-Mart or Target offer a large selection. Other good options include Big Lots, Bed Bath & Beyond, Sears, Best Buy or IKEA, depending on the type of item you need.
Used Items
One way to save money is to purchase used or "second-hand" items instead of buying something brand new. Stores such as
Goodwill
and
ARC Thrift Stores
sell used furniture, kitchen supplies, household goods and clothes often for a fraction of the price of a similar new item.
Shopping Centers
Shopping malls are convenient if you desire to have access to many different stores in one location, are looking for name-brand clothes and accessories, or  just like to "window shop." Popular malls include
Cherry Creek Shopping Center
,
16th Street
Mall
,
Park Meadows
, or
Colorado Mills
.
ACADEMICS
The American academic system, as a whole, is intended to provide a broad education for as many people as possible. A large portion of the population completes secondary school, which is not as challenging as it is in countries where access to education is more limited. A significant proportion of the population attempts some kind of post-secondary education and post-secondary study, and the undergraduate level is again not as challenging as it is in some other systems.
It is important for you to realize that differences of this kind exist between the U.S. and other education systems, and that you will have to adjust your thinking if you are going to succeed academically. We have provided some tips below and you will receive additional information and resources during orientation.
Attendance
Attendance in class is extremely important in graduate programs at the Daniels College of Business. Professors expect students to attend regularly and to show that they are making steady progress. Interaction in the classroom is very important. The classes require a great deal of study and preparation time, especially for students who are not as proficient in the English language.
Taking notes of the professors' lectures is essential. Study time should include reading the textbook, reviewing class notes, preparing assignments, etc. Do not put off the preparation of a term paper or a long reading assignment. Most professors will allow you to record class sessions; just ask them for permission.
Grading system
In the US Academic system it is considered very important to evaluate the work that students do in each class. Therefore, there is a “grading system,” which is used to rank and compare students’ academic work. The quality of a student’s academic work is measured by means of “grades” ranging from “A” to “F”. A student’s grade-point average (or GPA) is calculated by dividing the number of credits earned into the number of grade points earned. The GPA associated with each grade is as follows: A = 4.0, A- = 3.7, B+ = 3.3, B = 3.0, B- = 2.7, C+ = 2.3, C= 2.0, C- = 1.7, D+ = 1.3, D = 1.0, D- = 0.7, F = 0.0
In Daniels, students in the Graduate School are required to achieve a 3.0 (B) grade point average (GPA) or higher to earn a degree. A grade lower than C- in a course renders the credit unacceptable for meeting degree requirements. If the class is a core requirement, it must be retaken. If it is an elective, the credits must be replaced by another course. Any student whose overall grade point average falls below a 3.0 will be placed on probation, suspension, or dismissal, depending upon the grade point deficiency.
Academic Dishonesty/Plagiarism
Students in the U.S. academic system are expected to do their own academic work without getting excessive assistance from other people. This does not mean that you cannot ask other students to help with classwork. It is permissible and sometimes advisable to seek help in understanding what is happening in a class and additional details about a specific assignment.
However, it is
improper
to have someone else do an assignment for you, or to plagiarize, to copy answers or information from a publication in a way that makes it appear that the answers were composed by you alone. This is considered cheating. Here are some other examples of cheating: copying other students’ assignments; copying other students’ answers to examination questions; taking notes or books to an examination and secretly referring to them for assistance in answering examination questions; copying from a book, the internet, or other publication without acknowledging that the words used are someone else’s (plagiarism). Refer to
StudentLife
/
Student Conduct
and the Daniels College of Business Graduate Student Handbook for additional information.
Keys to academic success
The US academic system differs from all others in the world. You will learn more of the informal rules for academic success as you undertake courses and have the opportunity to talk with experienced students and professors. The more you discuss topics such as these with experienced students, the sooner you will be able to develop an understanding of the way in which the school functions. Listed below are some suggestions that you should keep in mind as you begin your studies:
Evaluate your expectations
:
Keep in mind that a period of adjustment to a new educational system may be necessary before you will be able to perform to the best of your ability.
Select your courses wisely:
Especially during your first quarter, do not take more courses than necessary; seek advice from your academic advisor and professors.
Work hard from the beginning
:
The University is a 10-week quarter system which will go very quickly. If you do not begin studying on the first day of classes, you are likely to get behind and to experience academic difficulty.
Know how to study
:
The study habits that were appropriate for the educational system in your country may not be appropriate here. You may have to learn to approach your studies in a different way while you are studying at Daniels.
Get involved
:
Engage before, during and after you time at Daniels. Get connected to career coaches, academic advisors, faculty and students before you start your program. Establish relationships with various stakeholders while you’re a student, and maintain these connections well after you’re done with your academic program.
Talk with faculty:
Faculty at Daniels expect students to ask questions in class or immediately following class. They expect students to schedule an appointment to meet with them in their offices when they are having problems in class. If you are not doing well in a class, and you do not see the faculty to discuss the situation, the faculty is likely to assume that you are not really interested in his or her class. In other words, most faculty will have a negative, or at best indifferent, evaluation of a student who never raises questions or challenges in the class or who does not visit the faculty outside of the class to discuss any academic difficulties or challenges.
English Language Suggestions
In order to succeed academically in your graduate program, you might need more practice with conversing in English than your daily classes can provide. Most Americans, especially students, are helpful and can be a great source of assistance to the student who is learning English as a second language. If you are interested in improving your English, or learning it more quickly, you should follow these suggestions:
Make friends with as many Americans as you can.
You should take the initiative to get to know your American classmates. If you are not an extrovert, consider making at least one American friend. Spend more time with your new friends and make efforts to talk with them. However, do not make friends only for practicing language skills. Think of yourself as an ambassador from your own culture and remember, you have many things to share, too.
Speak English at all times
, especially in your classes and even to persons from your own country.
Do not spend all your time with students from your own country. Venture out with some of your new American classmates.
Read English
newspapers, magazines, and books.
Watch television and movies in English.
Carry a notebook.
Make a list of all new words you hear, and find out what they mean.
Think in terms of English
language structures, not those of your own language.
Attend class
regularly.
It’s not shameful to
ask questions
; everybody is willing to help you.
If you feel anxious about initiating a conversation with your classmates,
talk to the faculty and the staff.
They are usually very patient and have lots of experience interacting with international students. Once you become more comfortable discussing topics in English, then you can start challenging yourself to speak up more in classes.
STUDENT LIFE
Student Organizations
With several
student organizations
at Daniels, you're sure to find one that fits your interests. Student organizations are an excellent way to meet like-minded peers, take on leadership roles, and participate in the Daniels community. You can also get involved through networking events, speaker forums, volunteer activities, and other events organized by Daniels. It is very important for you, as an international student to gain exposure to business practices in the U.S. and build your network.
The
Graduate Business Student Association
(GBSA) enhances the educational experience at Daniels and creates a cohesive student body through educational, social, community, and cultural activities. As an organization, the GBSA encourages student involvement in the creation and planning of events through the year. The GBSA also acts as the parent organization to all graduate student groups at the Daniels College of Business. Contact
GBSA.du@gmail.com
Networking Events
Daniels hosts great professional development opportunities for our community and students such as breakfasts, guest speakers and networking events.
Additionally, DU hosts a number of student organizations that provide an opportunity to connect with other students from your home country or region. There are also organizations dedicated to cultural groups and shared recreational interests.
ACADEMIC RESOURCES
At Daniels, you'll find a wide range of academic and professional resources and support that will help you succeed in your program. The following are relevant for international students:
DU Writing Center
assists students with all types of writing projects: class assignments, professional writing, and multimedia presentations.
Daniels Career Services
provides lifelong career management services to Daniels graduate- level students and alumni including career coaching, internships, online jobs resource, an Executive Mentor program, on-campus recruiting and job search workshops.
Information Technology
at the University of Denver provides the infrastructure and information that connects DU communities. IT provides technological support to all DU faculty, staff and students. All new students are required to have a laptop. Please refer to IT for minimal specifications and preferred vendors.
Additionally, and in order to deliver the best quality of technology services, it is required that all student computers have the English version of Windows 8.1 or higher installed on their computers (Windows 10 is recommended). After installing the English version of Windows, international students are welcome to use Microsoft's "Multilingual User Interface Pack (MUI)."
Graduate Student Services:
GradBus.Advising@du.edu
provides academic advising and related support services for all members of the Daniels College of Business community. As an academic resource center for the College, Graduate Student Services provides:
Individualized advising assistance throughout the course of a student’s degree program
Guidance in course selection and registration procedures
Coordination of graduation processes
Information regarding university policies
Procedures, resources, programs, and procedural clearinghouse for academic deficiencies
Grievances and other academic/administrative concerns
ADAPTING TO THE AMERICAN CULTURE
Moving to a different country requires an understanding of the new culture and along with making certain adjustments or adaptations. In order to really understand the new environment, the individual must approach this new environment and culture with an open mind. By being open to diversity, they will more easily integrate into the new culture and gain a new understanding of the people and their behaviors.
Anyone moving into a different culture may experience “culture shock,” especially if they have never been exposed to different cultures or geographical locations before. “Culture shock” can be defined as the feeling of confusion and disorientation that a person can feel when he or she leaves a familiar environment.
Some issues connected to culture shock are language barriers, food differences, body language/nonverbal communication, information overload, and homesickness.
The United States is a very diverse society. However, there are some general commonalities that can be used to describe the population. The American society is characterized by self- dependence or individuality where the focus is positioned on the individual rather than the family/society. Most of the time, the focus is on personal achievement. Also, the American society places great importance on respect and equality. Additionally, American society is generally very generous, placing great importance on giving to others. Specifically, people in Colorado are very warm, kind and friendly.
Punctuality is very important in the American society. It is considered a form of respect in every context, from friendships to school and work. Americans love to get things done and they do not like to waste time.
Communication among individuals is very informal, even among people of different social classes. Americans speak a colorful English that sometimes does not resemble the language that international students might have studied in school. American English is characterized by different slang, dialects, and accents. Sometimes, it can also be difficult for native speakers to understand each other. Slang can be found in everyday life as well as in school.
The following is a list of common “slang” usually used among students with some more characteristic of Daniels students:
Ace: To get a grade of "A". "I aced the test."
Bummer: An unpleasant or disappointing experience. “Getting a low grade was abummer."
To be burned out: To be exhausted, especially after exam periods. "After studying so much for that test, I felt burned out."
Bucks: Dollars. "The book on Amazon is sold for 20 bucks more than the University bookstore."
Feedback: Comment or response. "I submitted my paper to the professor. However, she has not sent me any feedback yet."
Finals: Final tests that happen at the end of the quarter and are intended to evaluate the whole course. "How did your finals go?"
Greeks: Members of fraternities and sororities. "The Greeks always have big parties."
Guts: Courage. "It takes guts to take more than four classes per quarter."
I.D.: Identification card or Pioneer ID. "You'll need to show your student I.D. to be admitted to see the game."
Into: Have intense enthusiasm for something. "He's really into snowboarding."
Jerk: An obnoxious person. "He's a real jerk."
Mall: Usually a large shopping complex that has multiple stores. "I'm going to the Cherry Creek Mall."
Mid-term: A test given in the middle of the quarter and intended to partially evaluate the course. "Mid-terms are coming up soon."
Panel: A short conference where people answer to questions to an audience about a specific topic. “I went to a Marketing industry panel yesterday. It was very interesting”.
Quiz: A short test. "We have quizzes every week. I need to be ready all the time“
Pop quiz: A short test generally not scheduled. “I’m glad I studied since we had a pop quiz today in class”
To-go or take-out food: To order food from a restaurant, but take it home rather than dining at the restaurant.
Paper: A written report for a class. "I must write two papers for next week."
Drop the class: To voluntarily resign from some particular course. "I was sick and lost so many days of class that I decided to drop the class."
Pioneer: Current DU student or alumni. Also the name of the official school mascot and the name of the sports teams representing the school. “I’m very proud to be a Pioneer”
The Commons: Marcus Commons, located on the 1st floor of the Daniels building. A great place to study, work or meet friends. “I will be at The Commons studying for tomorrow’s mid-term.”
Grad suite: The graduate suite located on the 1st floor of the Daniels building offers a kitchen, conference rooms and study areas. “We can meet in the grad suite to practice for Monday’s presentation.”
FINDING YOUR WAY AROUND DENVER
Denver, Colorado is considered to be one of America's most naturally beautiful places. Located a mile above sea level at 5,280 feet, Denver has semi-arid, varied
weather
with over 300 days of sun per year. Because of this, there are plenty of outdoor activities to enjoy in every season. In the summer, endless trails and rivers provide plenty of hiking and rafting opportunities for anything from a day trip to a week-long camping excursion. In the winter, DU students are only an hour or two away from some of the best skiing and snowboarding in the world. This includes famous slopes like
Aspen
and
Vail
, as well as locals' favorites, such as
Beaver Creek
and
Copper
Mountain.
Additionally there are many entertainment options within the city of Denver itself. There are numerous choices of restaurants, theaters and shopping within a few blocks of the University to experience in the evening or on weekends. Every major sports league in America has a team representing Denver, including
football
, soccer, baseball, hockey, basketball and lacrosse
. There is always an opportunity to enjoy a game no matter what time of year.
Denver has many beautiful parks including some in the mountains and foothills west of Denver. Visit
Denver Parks
to find a great spot to enjoy Denver's natural beauty. For more information, visit the official
Colorado Tourism
website
.
Denver has big-city amenities — Fortune 500 companies, public transportation, nightlife, and more — with the friendly feel of a smaller town. Thanks to its thriving business and social scene, Denver is consistently ranked by Forbes and Kiplinger's as one of the top cities for young professionals and recent college graduates.
Denver offers activities and entertainment to match almost every personal taste. Using the public transportation system, you can visit many parts of the city without needing your own vehicle. Denver's official visitor information website
Visit Denver
is a great place to start when looking for ideas of things to do both in Denver and the surrounding area. We hope that you will take the time to explore Denver and learn what it has to offer you!
Denver has a number of museums and outdoor gardens. Before your visit, check their website or call ahead to ask if discount student tickets are available. You can also visit the
Scientific and Cultural Facilities District
website to learn when admission is free. The most famous attractions are the following:
Denver Botanical Gardens
| 1005 York St. Denver Zoo | 2300 Steele St.
Denver Center for the Performing Arts
| 1101 13th St. Denver Art Museum | 100 W. 14th Ave Pkwy.
Denver Museum of Nature & Science
| 2001 Colorado Blvd. Denver Downtown Aquarium | 700 Water St.
Six Flags Elitch Gardens
| 2000 Elitch Circle.
UNIVERSITY OF DENVER HELPFUL LINKS:
http://www.du.edu/isss/index.html
http://www.du.edu/housing/resources/international.html
http://www.du.edu/health-and-counseling-center/index.html
http://www.du.edu/campussafety/
http://www.du.edu/isss/du-life/daily-life.html
http://www.du.edu/pioneercard/index.html
https://daniels.du.edu/about/rankings/
http://bulletin.du.edu/graduate/academic-requirements-policies-and-procedures/
http://www.du.edu/isss/du-life/academics.html
http://www.du.edu/isss/media/documents/academic-success.pdf
https://student.unsw.edu.au/28-strategies-improving-your-english
http://www.du.edu/writing/writingcenter/index.html
https://daniels.du.edu/career-services
https://www.du.edu/it/
http://www.du.edu/isss/du-life/index.html