URL: https://daniels.du.edu/online-mba-scholarship
TITLE: Online MBA

Explore...
Apply Now
Online MBA
$20,000 Minimum Scholarship Guaranteed
t
Have Questions?

Course Sequence
Z
Apply Now
Explore...

Academic Term
10-week quarters
,
Program Length
Flexible, up to 5 years
A
Entry Points
Fall (September)
Spring (March)

Modality Options
Students can choose to take any course in person on the DU campus.
}
Class Schedule
Each course meets once per week in the evening for 90 minutes.
All other coursework can be completed on your schedule.
l
GRE/GMAT Optional
To support students making a commitment to their lifelong success, the Daniels College of Business is offering a guaranteed scholarship of at least $20,000 to any student accepted to its Online MBA program.* Larger scholarships may be available to candidates based on their application materials. In-state, out-of-state and international students are all eligible.
The scholarship is designed to help students access a program that combines all the advantages of real-time classroom interaction with the flexibility of learning from anywhere and customizing your curriculum.
In the Daniels OMBA you'll:
R
Get the same personal connection as an in-person MBA, with online flexibility
R
Learn and engage in a live online classroom
R
Choose the classes you want at the pace you want to take them
View Course Sequence
Request Information
Loading... if this form does not load, please adjust your
Consent Preferences

92% of graduates say the degree helped prepare them for their job

64% of students made more than $100,000 in their first year after graduation
2022-2024 graduates
Your Personalized MBA Starts Here
Experience the dynamic learning of an in-person MBA program from the comfort of your own home or office with our Online MBA program.
Program highlights:
You can
customize your coursework
to fit your career, pick the experiential learning that interests you and complete your degree at your own pace.
We have
convenient opportunities to start
your journey in the spring or fall.
Our
live, synchronous
classes foster collaboration and conversation. Every session feels like you’re stepping into a classroom, with the flexibility of learning anywhere in the world.
Small class sizes
mean that you can build meaningful connections with your faculty and peers. Your professors and classmates will know you by name, not just as a face on a screen.
You’ll learn through
real-world business challenges
in your coursework, your experiential learning and your final capstone project, building your skills as a strategic leader and problem-solver.
Get
personalized support
from a dedicated advisor throughout the program, and lifelong one-on-one career coaching from Daniels Career Services.
Share in the
student experience
by
attending networking events
visiting with your instructors in person
meeting with a career coach
cheering on DU athletics
Dual degrees
are available. You can save on tuition by combining your MBA with one of our
specialized master’s programs
.
View Course Sequence
Course Descriptions
Contact Us
Hannah Hansard
Assistant Director, Graduate Admissions
Reach out to Hannah any time if you have questions about the Online MBA or the admissions process.
303-871-3416 |
Connect with Hannah
Connect with a Student
Our graduate student ambassadors are happy to share their personal experiences with Daniels and Denver. Email an ambassador with your questions or set up a time to meet them.
See all graduate student ambassadors
=
Online MBA Program Tuition
With the minimum $20,000 scholarship, tuition for 2025-2026 will be no more than $65,500.
Larger scholarships may be awarded based on candidates' educational and work credentials, interview, and optional test scores.
Learn more about
tuition
and
scholarships
.
"My immersion experience was unlike anything I have experienced from a school program before. I had the ability to network with other students in my cohort, challenge myself to think about a current opportunity in my company and then present that idea to a group of people who offered valuable feedback."
⁠— Devin Heitman, Online MBA 2020
Wealth Management Client Relationship Consultant, TIAA
Online MBA Curriculum
Our 60-credit curriculum includes core courses, elective courses, two in-person immersions and a real-world capstone project. Live sessions for each course are held at a scheduled time each week, and you complete your remaining coursework on your schedule. You have the option to take any courses in person on the DU campus.
The Online MBA is built to be customized, so you can shape it to meet your needs and career goals. You can:
Choose a concentration
To deepen your skills in a specialized area, you can choose to add a concentration to your degree. Concentration options include:
Executive Leadership (online)
Finance (online)
Marketing (online)
Accounting (in person)
Business Analytics (in person)
Leadership in the Outdoor Recreation Industry
(in person)
Real Estate and the Built Environment (in person)
Customized (online and/or in person)
Choose your immersions
During the program you’ll take part in two immersions, where you’ll connect with your online peers and faculty in person at a U.S. or international location. You’ll visit local businesses and industry sites, collaborate on real-world business problems with your classmates, and build your network. You can select the locations and topics based on what best matches your interests.*
*Immersions may require additional fees.
Choose your timeframe
Each quarter, you can choose the number of courses you want to take.
If you're anticipating a busy quarter outside of school, take one class. If you want to immerse yourself and finish quickly, you can take up to four classes to operate as a full-time student.
How to Apply to the Online MBA
We welcome applicants from all professional backgrounds and academic disciplines.
Qualified candidates must have at least 2 years of work experience.
To apply, you must submit:
Official college transcript(s)
Professional resume
Essays
Two professional references
$100 application fee
GMAT or GRE scores are optional.
If you determine that your application will be stronger with GMAT or GRE scores, please submit them when you apply.
All accepted students are automatically considered for scholarships. No additional application is needed.
Visit our
graduate admissions page
for more information about application requirements.
Start Application
FAQs for the Online MBA
How long does it take to get an MBA online?
The length of an online MBA program depends on many factors, including the number of credits and whether you attend part or full time. Students in the MBA@Denver online program can earn their MBA in as few as 21 months.
Can you get an MBA without taking the GMAT?
GMAT scores aren't required to apply to the MBA@Denver online program. However, if you believe your GMAT scores will strengthen your application, you can include them in your application.
Do employers care if your MBA is online?
If an online MBA program is delivered by an accredited and recognized business school, employers will likely view the online degree the same as the university’s on-campus degree. The Daniels College of Business has been AACSB-accredited since 1923 and boasts a 100-year legacy of leadership development.
Ready to Apply?
Start Application
Have other questions?
Contact the Office of Graduate Admissions online
or call 303-871-3416.