URL: https://daniels.du.edu/undergraduate-programs/parents-families
TITLE: Parents & Families | Daniels College of Business

Explore...
Daniels Is a Place Where Students Thrive
As a parent, you want your child to thrive at Daniels, but you also want to know that there will be a positive return on your investment. As a business college, we get that. That’s why Daniels couples a
rigorous training in business fundamentals with the principles of values-based leadership
. This powerful combination equips students to succeed in any business climate.
Our business degrees are highly ranked by BusinessWeek
,
U.S. News and World Report, the Financial Times, and Beyond Grey Pinstripes. It’s a reputation that opens doors for top-notch internships and jobs.
A Welcoming Community
Rankings are important, but it’s equally important to know that your child will be a valued member of our community of students, faculty and alumni. A sense of community pervades everything we do, from students teaming up to solve real-world business problems to roundtables and seminars where faculty, students and business leaders discuss pressing issues and opportunities.
A strong alumni network
Wherever your student’s future takes him or her, there’s sure to be a Daniels or DU alumnus willing to share advice and open doors. Daniels boasts a 40,000-strong alumni network that stretches across the globe. Many of our schools and departments also have active alumni groups that host professional development and networking events.
Learn more »
A great place to visit
Daniels College of Business is located on the historic University of Denver campus. The surrounding area has a college-town feel; yet, all the advantages of a major metropolitan area. Fortune 500 companies, cultural institutions and public transportation are just minutes away. You can relax and reconnect in the natural playgrounds and charming mountain towns of the nearby Rocky Mountains.
Parent Resources
University New Student and Family Programs
Study Abroad Resources
Financial Aid Information for Parents
Meet Our Faculty
Plan a Visit
Maps
Parking
Schedule a Visit
Career Planning
Student Career Management
Recruit at Daniels
News, Events & Calendars
Daniels Newsroom
Events
Academic Calendar
Commencement
Schools & Departments
School of Accountancy
Department of Business Ethics & Legal Studies
Department of Business Information & Analytics
Entrepreneurship@DU
Reiman School of Finance
Fritz Knoebel School of Hospitality Management
Department of Management
Department of Marketing
Franklin L. Burns School of Real Estate & Construction Management