URL: https://daniels.du.edu/undergraduate-programs/beyond-the-classroom
TITLE: Beyond the Classroom | Daniels College of Business

Explore...
What to Expect
Whether you’re pursuing a business major or minor at the Daniels College of Business, we take your future as seriously as you do. We recognize that an extraordinary business education extends beyond the classroom to develop the whole person. We weave important lessons in business ethics and social responsibility throughout our rigorous business curriculum.
At Daniels, you'll learn to make a difference not only for your business, but for your community as well, all while building the skills necessary to thrive in a fast-paced business environment. You’ll emerge with the business acumen that the marketplace demands, but your ability to collaborate, effectively problem solve and manage yourself and others will set you apart.
Daniels Signature Events
Social Events
Welcome Back BBQ
—Kick off the start of the new academic year and enjoy a fun and casual meal with other Daniels students, faculty and staff.
Undergrads on Ice
—Upon your return from winter break, spend an evening skating in Magness Arena while enjoying brownies and hot chocolate.
Senior Night
—Seniors are invited to celebrate the last quarter of their time at DU at a fun location around town.
Professional Events
Business Olympics
—At this fast-paced event, student teams rotate between business-related games and a mini–case competition. The team that wins the most games is immortalized on our Business Olympics trophy, and case winners receive a cash prize.
Etiquette Dinner
—You'll learn the proper way to dine with class and set yourself apart from the competition. The evening is full of fun and walks you through proper dining decorum.
Women in Business Dinner and Panel Discussion
—Hosted by the Undergraduate Women in Business student group, this event brings together professionals from the community to discuss topics relevant to women in the workplace.
Undergraduate Case Competition
—Students will work in teams with a faculty mentor to compete against other Daniels undergrads and win cash prizes. Relevant and current business scenarios are tackled with solutions presented to local professionals.
Student Life
Daniels College of Business students learn together and play together in an environment full of abundant activities and opportunities. Whether it’s getting involved in a student organization, attending Daniels Undergraduate Program Signature events, studying for an exam or joining a ski trip to the mountains, you will make friends from across the country and around the globe. You’ll encounter new ideas, meet new people and face new challenges. In short, it’s the transformative college experience you’re looking for.
Student Resources & Support
The support we provide students is every bit as important as our world-class facilities and ideal setting in Denver. College life can be challenging, and we want to make sure you succeed in meeting those challenges.
Support services include:
One-on-one academic advising
: Daniels has a team of academic advisors who are dedicated to working with business majors. Throughout your time at Daniels, our advising team will provide personal attention to make sure you not only stay on track, but also excel.
Career planning
: Daniels has a team of career counselors who are specifically trained to work with business students.
Disability programs
: Students with learning and other disabilities are given the support they need to succeed.
Contact Us
If you have questions or want to learn more about undergraduate programs at Daniels, contact us at
Daniels.undergrad@du.edu
.