URL: https://daniels.du.edu/undergraduate-programs/four-plus-one
TITLE: 4+1 Programs | Daniels College of Business

Explore...
With our 4+1 programs, you can delve deep into two disciplines you're passionate about and graduate with both a bachelor's and a master's degree in just 5 years.
Students earning any undergraduate degree at the University of Denver with a 3.5 GPA are eligible to apply.
Eligible Programs
Five of our master's programs offer the 4+1 dual-degree option:
Business Analytics
Finance
Marketing
Real Estate and the Built Environment
Accountancy 3/2 Program
The School of Accountancy also offers a
3/2 program
that allows students to earn a bachelor's and master's degree in 5 years.
Why join a 4+1 program?
Earn your graduate degree faster and at lower cost.
You can take up to 20 credits of master’s degree coursework during your senior year, and your total cost will be less than if you earned your master's outside of the 4+1 structure.
Earn your bachelor's degree with less credits.
You'll need 12 fewer credits to earn your undergraduate degree.
Develop an interdisciplinary skillset and be a stronger job candidate.
Employers value graduates with interdisciplinary skills. You can earn your undergraduate degree in one discipline and a master's in another. Combine a bachelor's in real estate and the built environment with a master's in finance, for example, to stand out as a leader in the construction field.
No GMAT, GRE or application fee will be required
to apply to your graduate program.
Timeline
Sophmore Year
Meet with an advisor in Daniels Undergraduate Programs to develop your personalized graduate plan.
Junior Year
Once you've earned at least 90 undergraduate credits (before you've earned 135 credits) and have a 3.5 GPA, submit a formal application to the graduate program. No GMAT, GRE or application fee is required.
4 1 applications are due the Friday of week 5 in the quarter which the student will earn their 135th credit.
Senior Year
Begin taking graduate courses alongside your undergraduate classes. You can take up to 20 graduate credits while you finish your bachelor's degree requirements.
Year 5
Take your remaining required graduate courses.
Learn More
For more information about our 4+1 programs, contact Undergraduate Programs at Daniels.
daniels.undergrad@du.edu
Daniels College of Business Suite 255
Options for Seniors
If you have a GPA of at least 3.0, you’re eligible to apply for specialty master’s programs through the Master’s Academic Achievement Pathway (MAAP). MAAP allows you to waive the GMAT or GRE requirement and application fee for specialized master’s programs.
Learn more about MAAP
"Having an undergraduate degree in one discipline and obtaining a graduate degree in another will greatly enhance your expertise and benefit your career. For example, after getting a MS in Finance degree you can become a financial analyst for your undergraduate major industry."
Irina Khindanova
Teaching Associate Professor, Finance