URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/admissions/financial-aid-scholarships
TITLE: Financial Aid and Scholarships | Eller College of Management

Financial Aid and Scholarships
Resources to help you fund your education.
Make an investment in your future while keeping your costs under control. Our nationally ranked programs offer competitive tuition rates and many opportunities for scholarships and other aid to help lighten your financial load.
Follow a link below or scroll down for more information:
Financial Aid
Undergraduate Scholarships
MBA Scholarships
Select Specialized Master's Program Scholarships
PhD Program Scholarships
Military Scholarships
Scholarship Universe
After being admitted to the University, Eller College of Management students who want to explore and apply for scholarships now can use the University of Arizona’s
Scholarship Universe
tool. Eller College scholarships currently on Scholarship Universe encompass both undergraduate and graduate opportunities and all majors/programs, with more being added regularly.
Learn how to apply for Eller Scholarships »
Learn more about the tool »
Financial Aid
The University of Arizona Office of Financial Aid provides all the information you need when seeking financial aid, whether you're an undergraduate or graduate student:
View UA Financial Aid Resources
Undergraduate Scholarships
Scholarships are awarded to Eller students based on a number of factors, including financial need, academic merit, leadership and involvement; most Eller undergraduate scholarships are for students admitted to the professional phase of the program. As a general rule, however, students do not apply for Eller undergraduate scholarships. Rather, departments have a faculty committee that makes awards based on classroom performance, leadership and service.
View Undergraduate Financial Aid and Scholarships Resources »
MBA Scholarships
Evening MBA
Financial aid, including government grants and loans, may be available to help pay program costs. For information, contact the
University of Arizona Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid
.
Executive MBA
The
Community Leader Scholarship
covers partial costs of the Executive MBA program for exceptional candidates who demonstrate financial need.
In addition, many employers will
sponsor your MBA
if you clearly illustrate the return on investment your employer can expect (we offer some tips there).
Online MBA
Financial aid, including government grants and loans, may be available to help pay program costs. For information, contact the
University of Arizona Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid
.
Select Master’s Program Scholarships
Several of our master's programs offer scholarships, including:
Master of Accounting
The University of Arizona offers numerous small scholarships to MAcc students and encourage students to apply for additional scholarships. Additionally, teaching assistantships are offered on a semester-by-semester basis to students enrolled in the MAcc program.
View MAcc Funding Resources »
Master of Science in Accounting
The University of Arizona offers numerous small scholarships to MSA students and encourage students to apply for additional scholarships. Additionally, teaching assistantships are offered on a semester-by-semester basis to students enrolled in the MSA program.
View MSA Funding Resources »
Master of Science in Management Information Systems
After their first semester, MIS students are eligible to apply for research and teaching assistantships that come with an out-of-state tuition waiver and annual stipend. Other funding may be available through the highly selective MS MIS
AZSecure Cybersecurity Program
.
View MS MIS Cost and ROI Information »
PhD Program Scholarships
Accounting
In addition to program funding, qualifying minority candidates are encouraged to apply for supplemental scholarship through the KPMG Foundation. Students in the dissertation phase may also apply for the
Deloitte Foundation Fellowship
, worth $25,000.
View Accounting PhD Admissions and Funding »
Economics
Students are automatically considered for financial support when applying to the program. A full assistantship provides a full tuition waiver and a $
25,650
stipend per year. A half assistantship provides a reduction of tuition and a $12,825 stipend per year.
View Economics PhD Admissions and Funding »
Finance
Finance PhD students receive a stipend of around $27,500 for acting as a graduate teaching assistant. After the second year of coursework, most students supplement the assistantship stipend by teaching one summer session course, which provides an additional salary of around $2,600 per 3-credit course.
View Finance PhD Admissions and Funding »
Management
Management PhD students typically receive a research stipend of around $20,000 per year. In addition, students can apply for up to $1,000 of dissertation support.
View Management PhD Admissions and Funding »
Management Information Systems
MIS PhD students receive financial aid through either research or teaching assistantships that include a stipend (amount depends on previous education and experience), tuition waiver and student medical insurance coverage. Students can apply for travel funding for conferences.
Additionally, the MIS department offers several scholarships:
Paul S. and Shirley Goodman Award
Awarded to MIS doctoral students who excel professionally in the study of international developments in the field of computer science.
Nunamaker-Chen Scholarship
Awarded to students who have made significant contributions to the field of information systems.
James F. LaSalle Teaching Excellence Award
Awarded every fall to a student who exemplifies the best of teaching and excellence in the classroom.
View MIS PhD Admissions and Funding »
Marketing
In addition to tuition waivers, many Marketing PhD students receive stipends for serving as research and teaching associates. Students can also apply for departmental grants for travel, research support and dissertation support. Awards are given on a case-by-case basis as funds are available.
View Marketing PhD Admissions and Funding »
Outside Associations and Foundations Offering Scholarships
Some groups provide grants to students. There may be additional requirements or obligations involved in applying for the grants. Look at such opportunities with a critical eye.
Please note that the Eller College of Management and the University of Arizona are not not affiliated with these scholarships or organizations, do not endorse the organizations and are not responsible for the content on these links.
PEO Sisterhood: Funding Opportunities for Education
PIMCO Future Leaders Scholarship
Military Scholarships
There are many scholarships available to support students from military backgrounds who are pursuing a degree in business.
This is not a complete list, but we hope it acts as a starting point for your search.
Chester A. Baker, LTC, USA, Retired, C. Jean Baker, and Timothy J. Townson Endowed Scholarship for Current Service Members, Veterans, and Their Families
Established in December 2020 by George R. Huggins and C. Jean Baker in memory of Colonel Chester A. Baker who served in the United States Army for 31 years.
Eligibility: current service member or Veteran who has exhausted their GI Bill, or an immediate family member of a current service member, retired military personnel, or Veteran with a minimum of 3.0 GPA
Colonel Allen K. McDonald, US Army, Retired Memorial Endowment
Established in August 2021 by friends and family of Colonel Allen K. McDonald '75 MA (Economics)
Eligibility: applicants must be a Veteran of the United States Armed Forces; full-time graduate or undergraduate student with Advanced Standing in Eller; and preference to students pursuing a degree in Economics.
John and Virginia Macaluso Undergraduate Scholarship Endowment
Established in 2019 by Mark Macaluso '86 BSBA (General Business and Finance) in honor of his parents John and Virginia Macaluso
Eligibility: must be Unites States veterans with an interest in business, admitted to The University of Arizona.
Yin Family Scholarship
Established in March 2021 by Eller National Board of Advisors member Steve Yin '88 BSBA (General Business Administration and Marketing) and wife Kimberly Yin.
Eligibility: must be enrolled in Eller College, a full-time undergraduate student pursuing a bachelor's degree, have a 3.0 GPA, and be a United States armed forces veteran.