URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/admissions/apply
TITLE: Apply Now | Eller College of Management

Apply Now
Take the first step toward everywhere Eller can take you.
Whether you’re a prospective undergraduate, graduate or doctoral student, your Eller journey begins here.
Whatever your intended program, you’ll start by filling out an online University of Arizona Undergraduate or University of Arizona Graduate College application—then, you’ll submit additional materials required by your specific department or degree.
(Note, undergraduates must complete their first two years as Foundational Business Management or Foundational Economics students at UA before being accepted into the Eller professional program and declaring their major.)
Begin with the links below, and end with a degree that changes your life.
Complete Your UA Undergraduate Application
If you’re applying to attend the University of Arizona as an incoming student, you’ll need to apply through the main
UA Undergraduate Admissions Office
.
During your first two years at UA, you can take Foundational courses at Eller. Once you apply for and are admitted to the Eller College, you can declare an Eller major and enroll in the proper upper-division courses. We call this being admitted to our Professional Program—it’s a competitive process that your time as a Foundational Business Management or Foundational Economics student prepares you for.
Explore Undergraduate Admission
»
Complete Your UA Graduate Application
To apply to an Eller master’s or PhD program, you’ll begin online with
UA Graduate College Admissions
. From there, every program has its own specific requirements and materials, which you’ll submit directly to the department.
Between the instructions in the UA online graduate application and those found on your degree program requirements page, you should have a full list of everything you’ll need. But don’t hesitate to reach out with questions—we’re here to help.
Explore Graduate Admissions »
"Eller challenged me to get out of my comfort zone. And I realized, in the end, that it’s these kinds of challenges that will make me better."
Alex Elborgen '20 BSBA (Finance)