URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/admissions
TITLE: Admissions | Eller College of Management

Admissions
Your Eller experience starts here.
Eller is home to dozens of programs for undergraduate, graduate and doctoral students—and they all have a core commitment in common.
Here, whatever your major or program, you’ll be pushed hard and supported even more. You’ll learn from some of the best out there—and you’ll change your life in ways that last long past graduation day. Find all the admissions links you’ll need below. And start forging your path now.
Image
Eller has changed me as a person, in a very positive way. Not only did we learn the hard skills of business, but we mastered the soft skills like communication and collaboration. I’m now professionally confident and assertive—and it’s helped me develop personally as well.
Cali Fisler '18 BSBA (Management Information Systems)
Undergraduate Admissions
Get to know your possibilities at Eller during your first two years at UA, and apply for professional admission to our degree programs for your junior and senior years. You’ll graduate ready to hit the ground running in the professional world.
Get Undergraduate Admissions Details »
MBA Admissions
Ready to take the leap into higher professional potential? Apply to our One-Year, Evening, Online or Executive MBA program—there’s a version to suit any schedule.
Get Eller MBA Admissions Details »
Specialized Master's Admissions
Eller is home to specialized master’s degrees ranging from our acclaimed MS in Management Information Systems to Accounting, Finance and everything in between. You’ll refine your craft and redefine your career potential.
Get Master's Admissions Details »
PhD Admissions
Explore the cutting edge of your field and prepare for a rewarding career in academics, research or even the private sector. You don’t need a master’s degree to apply—just the smarts, curiosity and dedication to see it through.
Get Doctoral Admissions Details »
Other Admissions Information
Cost
The cost of attending Eller varies by your degree program—for undergraduates, tuition is the standard UA undergraduate rate plus Eller fees. Our MBA and specialized master’s programs are competitively priced, and most doctoral students receive a tuition waiver.
View Undergraduate & Graduate Program Costs »
Financial Aid and Scholarships
A variety of merit- and need-based scholarships and other financial aid are available for our undergraduate and graduate students—with additional aid available for military veterans attending select master’s programs. We can help discuss your options and get you on track.
View Financial Aid & Scholarships »
International Students
Eller welcomes many international students into our programs every year. Get to know the specific application requirements that exist, such as English language test scores, undergraduate degree requirements, graduate program criteria, financials and more.
View Admissions Information for International Students »
Here, standouts fit right in.
We welcome the dedicated, the hardworking, the sharp and the driven. If you’re a doer, a fresh thinker and a collaborator, we’ll help you hone the skills to be a great leader too. Follow the link below if you’re ready to apply. We look forward to learning, innovating and growing together.
Apply Now