URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/admissions/undergraduate-admissions
TITLE: Undergraduate Admissions | Eller College of Management

Undergraduate Admissions
Welcome to Undergraduate Programs at the Eller College of Management!
We are excited about your interest in our college! Please select from the following for more information and resources about the admissions process.
University Admissions for First-Year Students
For prospective students interested in applying to the University of Arizona.
University Admissions for First-Year Students »
University Admissions for Transfer Students
For prospective students interested in transferring to the University of Arizona.
University Admissions for Transfer Students »
Eller Online Program Admissions
For prospective students interested in completing our fully online program.
Eller Online Undergraduate Admissions »
BSBA Business Professional Admissions
For
Foundational Business Management
students at the University of Arizona who are ready to apply for Eller's upper division BSBA degree program.
BSBA Business Professional Admission »
Image
Undergraduate Programs Brochure
Explore Eller Undergraduate Programs through our brochure. Here you'll find Eller College stats, major overviews, student and alumni profiles, a quick look at our many engaging academic experiences and professional development, including top hiring companies.
Download Brochure Now
Financial Aid and Scholarships
Financial Aid and Scholarships
Learn about financial aid and scholarships available to you both within and outside of the Eller College.
Financial Aid and Scholarships »
College and Campus Tours
Eller College Tours
Eller College virtual sessions are held on Tuesdays at 4:00pm Arizona time and focus on our new admissions process, majors, minors, courses, and academic resources available to Eller students. Fridays at 12:30pm we offer in-person building tours led by our Eller Ambassadors, who are current students. Sign-ups for tours may be limited.
Sign up for an Eller Virtual OR IN PERSON EVENT
Take a self-guided virtual Eller tour. Explore McClelland Hall, which houses the Karl and Stevie Eller Professional Development Center, academic advisors, career coaches, global programs, and events and marketing team. Learn more about what Eller undergraduate majors have to offer including the kinds of student organizations, global programs, classes, internships, and career outcomes with each major.
TAKE a virtual self-guided eller tour
If you have questions about these sessions or wish to connect with us, please contact us at
ugrad@eller.arizona.edu
to set up an appointment. Tours are available in person and are available on a first come, first serve basis. Masks are not required in McClelland Hall but if you would like one, we are happy to provide you one!