URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/programs/undergraduate/academics/business-majors
TITLE: BSBA Business Majors | Eller College of Management

Undergraduate BSBA Business Majors
Choose your path. And push its boundaries.
At Eller, you’ll have a wide range of majors to choose from, and you’ll be challenged to push the boundaries of what you thought was possible—for yourself, for your major and even your industry.
You'll start you journey as a Foundational Business Management major (Main Campus) or Foundational Business Administration major (Online Campus), and develop foundational business skills as you identify your passions and skills.  Along the way you’ll become part of a family of faculty, classmates and student support team who bring out the best in you—who raise your game and also have your back.
Foundational Business Management
All students purusing a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration on the Main Campus start as Foundational Business Management majors to build a solid foundation of business principles and explore your personal and professional interests during your first two years.
Foundational Business Management »
Accounting
Develop the skills you need for a successful career in accounting—as a CPA, CFO, business analyst or managerial accountant—helping organizations make the best financial decisions.
Accounting Major »
Business Administration (Online Campus)
Expand your knowledge of business principles and gain real-world professional experience in our fully online business program, where immersive learning and flexible scheduling combine to create a program designed with your life in mind.
Business Administration Major (Fully Online) »
Business Analytics
The business analytics major prepares you for a career requiring a breadth of business knowledge and an in-depth ability to assemble, use, and analyze data to generate insights and make practical recommendations for improving results across a wide range of functional business areas.
Business Analytics Major »
Business Economics
Become versed in the latest economic trends, while developing the problem-solving and analytical skills you need to be an industry leader.
Business Economics Major »
Business Management
Prepare for managerial positions at large or small organizations—and gain the expertise and experiences you need to push any business to the top.
Business Management Major »
Entrepreneurship
Turn your entrepreneurial passion into real-world success. With a focus on the latest trends and techniques in start-ups and innovation, the New Venture Development Program—a one-year (second) major—helps you plan a successful business launch during your senior year.
Entrepreneurship One-year Second Major »
Finance
Build expertise as an effective decision maker, financial analyst and problem solver through hands-on learning with opportunities to apply your skills throughout the program.
Finance Major »
Management Information Systems
Transform the modern business landscape through cutting-edge techniques that you’ll practice in our top-ranked undergraduate program—one of the nation’s first and best programs in the field.
MIS Major »
Marketing
Experience creativity and collaboration at their best through an immersive marketing education with an emphasis on learning by doing and data analysis. Alongside your classmates, you’ll participate in team projects, work for real organizations and take part in competitions.
Marketing Major »
Operations & Supply Chain Management
Learn how to build processes that get things done effectively and efficiently in organizations. The Operations & Supply Chain Management program provides opportunities for you develop expertise in time management, customer service and effective leadership.
Operations & Supply Chain Management Major »