URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/programs/undergraduate/academic/online/curriculum
TITLE: Curriculum | Eller College of Management

Online Undergraduate Curriculum
Business careers require broad knowledge and application of critical thinking, data analysis and global business trends. The Eller Online undergraduate program meets that need through a strong foundation in all of the business specialties.
Students begin their academic journey by completing prerequisite business courses that build a strong foundation in business. Foundational curriculum includes coursework in management information systems, calculus, accounting, economics, business statistics, business analytics and business communications. A student's primary goal at the lower-division phase is to complete university general education requirements and Eller foundation requirements. Students in this phase are preparing for the Eller Professional Admissions process—which is the gateway into the upper-division professional phase.
Once a student earns Professional Admissions, they are transitioned into the professional phase of their Eller Experience and will begin coursework to complete the major. Their are two major options within the online program: Business Administration and Accounting. Both majors are made up of professional core courses and major courses. Professional core courses include business communication, marketing, management, management information systems, finance, economics, operations and business law and ethics. BNAD Major courses include marketing analytics, financial accounting, real estate, project management, the economics of business decisions, human resources and innovation. ACCT Major courses include intermediate financial accounting, federal taxation, information and quality assurance and analysis of financial statements.
Across all phases of the Eller Online Undergraduate program our students work with dynamic faculty and high-quality student peers who enrich the course experience. Wherever possible our courses are augmented by real-world projects or team collaborations. The combination of applied projects and the broad analytical framework of the curriculum appeals to employers and students alike.
Foundational Curriculum
Learn more about online foundational courses and when they are offered.
FOUNDATION Curriculum
Online Business Administration Major Curriculum
Learn more about online business administration major courses and when they are offered.
Business Administration Major Curriculum
Online Accounting Major Curriculum
Learn more about online accounting major courses and when they are offered.
accounting Major Curriculum