URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/programs/undergraduate/academics/online/student-success
TITLE: Online Program Student Success | Eller College of Management

Online Program Student Success
Alongside your academic coursework, you will work with your dedicated success coach to complete your Personalized Professional Development Checklist.
The modules are focused around three areas of professional development:
p
ersonal brand, explore and demonstrated experience
.
Developing yourself and your career is an ongoing process that you will revisit continually throughout your professional life. It begins with an understanding of yourself and your specific career goals and then focuses on specific ways to pursue those goals and yield the best results. These tailored professional development modules will prepare you to achieve your career goals.
Here is a breakdown of what activities or experiences are available in each area:
Personal Brand
The following competencies will be the core competencies for each student’s Professional Development Plan while in the Eller Online Bachelors Program. Eller Online students must show mastery in all five of these areas; all five components are required.
Resume
Cover Letter
Elevator Pitch/Visume
LinkedIn
Interview Skills
Explore
The following competencies will help students explore the professional development landscape. Students will choose
five of the seven
options to complete this section.
Personal Assessment
Goal Setting
Company Research
Handshake
Working a Career Fair
Informational Interviews
Externships
The Eller Online Success Coach will make suggestions to each student about which sections align to your goals and experiences.  However, students can ultimately decide which options are best for them.
Demonstrated Experience
This module is where students get hands-on experiencing or engage in leadership opportunities in real-life.  Students will choose
five of the seven
options to complete this section.
Internships
Work Experiences
Case Competitions
Club Participation
Professional Development/ Skills Workshops
Study Tours
Volunteering
Once completed students will be prepared to take the next step in there career path -- whatever that may be.
What types of careers do I qualify for with my Bachelors of Science in Business Administration (BSBA) from Eller College?
Earning your bachelors of science in business can align you with the top business-related positions — according to the
100 Best Jobs by
U.S. News & World Report
— making your resume more attractive to your current or future employer. Nearly every type of organization across industries hires business graduates, including:
Banks and financial institutions
Retail stores
Restaurants
Hotels and other facilities
Service providers
Healthcare organizations
Manufacturers
Software and technology companies
Educational institutions
Local, state, and federal government agencies
Nonprofit organizations
Self-employed