URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/programs/undergraduate/admissions/first-years
TITLE: Undergraduate University Admissions: First Year Students | Eller College of Management

University Undergraduate Admissions: First Year Students
Welcome prospective students and families!
Apply for Admission to the University of Arizona
Eller College Admission Process
Apply for Admission to the University of Arizona
If you are interested in studying at the Eller College of Management, you must first apply for admission to the University of Arizona. Find application deadlines, download an application, view FAQs and more at the UA Admissions website.
The following classes are required for admission to the university from high school:
English (4 units/years)
Math (4 units/years)
Laboratory sciences (3 units/years)
Social sciences (2 units/years)
Second language (2 units/years)
Either fine arts or career and technical education (1 unit/year)
University of Arizona Admissions
Eller College Admission Process
The core principles of our Eller College Admission model are inclusivity and maintaining Eller excellence in business education. Students will be admitted to the University of Arizona as
Business Management majors if they are pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (BSBA) on the main campus
Economics majors if they are pursuing a Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Economics
Integrated Business Engineering majors if they are pursuing a Bachelor of Science (BS) in Integrated Business Engineering.
Business Administration majors if they are pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (BSBA) in the Arizona Online campus.
Students are guaranteed Professional Admission into the Upper-Division (Professional program), as long as they meet the requirements. This takes away much of the risk in pursuing a degree from the Eller College of Management.
Main Campus in Tucson
For main campus BSBA students, upon completion of the Foundational phase, students will
apply to the Professional phase
of Business Management or may opt to apply to a different business major. The admission process will continue to require a 2.75 cumulative GPA in the semester students are completing their Eller Foundational classes; some business majors may be competitive. Students can guarantee their admission into one of our other
business majors
by achieving
Admission with Excellence
. Students who do not achieve Admission with Excellence or get selected for one of these other majors will still be able to continue as a Business Management major and earn their degree from the Eller College.
For BA students, upon completion of the Foundational phase, students will apply to the Professional phase of Economics. That admissions process will continue to require a 2.0 cumulative GPA in the semester students are completing their Eller Foundational classes and a final grade of C or better in Economics 200 (or equivalent) and Calculus; BA admission is not competitive.
Arizona Online Campus
For BSBA online students, upon completion of the Foundational phase, students will apply to the Professional online phase of Business Administration or Accounting. The admission process will continue to require a 2.75 cumulative GPA in the semester students are completing their Eller Foundational classes; both online business majors are not competitive.
Learn More
Students will learn more at
New Student Orientation
and from their
academic advisor
. Prospective students may attend one of our
Virtual Eller Information Sessions
. The virtual sessions cover our admissions process, Eller majors, Global Programs, and support services around academics.