URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/programs/undergraduate/first-year-orientation-information
TITLE: First Year Orientation Information | Eller College of Management

First Year ORIENTATION Information
Welcome to the Eller College!
The Virtual Orientation Experience
is a University of Arizona requirement to help newly admitted first year students transition to life as a Wildcat! The new student process begins with Pre-Orientation tasks beginning on the Next Steps tab in your
UAccess-Student Center
. Within Next Steps, new students complete many items to prepare for their first semester including verifying residency and immunizations, confirming major of choice, disclosing incoming transfer credits, and completing
Academic Placements
.
When Pre-Orientation tasks are complete, the Virtual Orientation Experience continues with
Arizona Arrival
before signing up for classes during the mandatory Course Registration Appointment (via ZOOM). Arizona Arrival is a self-paced, informational portal introducing new students to their degree and program requirements. In the portal, students also learn about campus support services, student organizations, and gain valuable insights about campus and life as a Wildcat.
Arizona Arrival must be complete and academic placements for Writing, Math and Second Language finalized, before meeting 1-1 with an Eller Academic Advisor and completing the Course Registration Appointment.
When the Virtual Orientation Experience is complete, navigate the topics below to familiarize yourself with the Eller College and make final preparations to start your first semester strong. Join other new students for
Destination Arizona
, an on-campus and in-person celebration to welcome all new students to the University of Arizona!
Bear Down and Suit Up!
Explore Eller Content for First Years
Academic Advising
Professional Academic Advisors act as a resource for students to better understand University policy and procedures and connect to support. Advising is necessary to plan future courses and track progress toward degree completion.
Academic Advising »
Academic Semester Plans
Sample plans for BS Business Administration, BA Economics, and BS Integrated Business Engineering, help students stay on track for graduation. Plans should be customized in partnership with an Eller Academic Advisor, adapting them based on unique student goals and circumstances, as well as incoming placements, transfer units, and additional academic programs.
Academic Semester Plans »
Progressing to Upper-division
Unique to BSBA Eller Students is a selective application process called
Professional Admission
. All BSBA students start as "Foundational" Business Management and when qualifying go through this application to gain entry to the upper-division professional business major coursework.
While
BA Economics
and
BS Integrated Business Engineering
Eller students do not have an application process to access upper-division curriculum, students must complete lower-division preparation courses before advancing to more rigorous upper-division coursework for Junior and Senior year.
Progressing to Upper-division »
Academic Support
The University of Arizona and the Eller College of Management offer several options for course resources and campus tutoring.
Academic Support »
“Be wEller” Student Wellness
Our goal is to provide all students in the Eller College with the resources and support to be healthy and perform at the highest level personally, academically and professionally.
Be wEller-Student Wellness »
First Year Leadership Programs
Our first-year students go beyond traditional and reach for transformational. Student leadership opportunities in our First-Year Programs can be a big part of that.
First Year Leadership Programs »
Student Organizations
Get engaged by joining an Eller Club! Benefits include community building, networking opportunities, professional development, leadership opportunities, and more.
Fall 2026 Eller Club Fair
Tuesday, August 25th
McClelland Hall-2nd Floor
5:00 pm-6:30 pm
Student Organizations »
Global Programs
Spend a semester studying overseas, a week volunteering in a developing nation, a summer interning in a global industry of your choice, or join us on Global Cohort and complete coursework with Eller faculty abroad.
Global Programs »
Professional Development
Bear Down, Suit Up!
Access Career Coaches in Eller's Professional Development Center, connect to the student job board program called Handshake, learn more about internship search strategies, and templates for the perfect resume.
Professional Development »
What can I do with an Eller Major/Degree?
Learn more about career opportunities after graduation and connect to Eller Career Coaches to map out your first step.
What can I do with an Eller Major/Degree?
Selecting the right major is an important part to a student's academic journey.
Changing your major
into
the Eller College of Management:
All incoming first-year students must confirm their major in the Next Steps tab of their
UAccess
-Student Center
. There it is possible to submit a request to change to a degree program and major offered in the Eller College, from another academic program of study at the U of A. This must be done before completing Arizona Arrival and the mandatory Course Scheduling Appointment. The following degrees are offered in the Eller College:
Business Management
(BSBA degree),
Economics
(BA Economics degree), or
Integrated Business Engineering
(BS IBE).
If a non-Eller student completes advising for their admitted major and wants to change to the Eller College after, we invite them to participate in our
Change of Major Information Session
.
Changing your major
out of
the Eller College of Management:
All incoming first-year students must confirm their major in the Next Steps tab of their
UAccess
-Student Center
. There it is possible to submit a request to change to another program of study offered at the U of A that is not in the Eller College. Ideally this is done before completing Arizona Arrival and the mandatory Course Scheduling Appointment.
New Eller first year students who confirmed their Eller Major in Next Steps and complete the mandatory appointment with an Eller Academic Advisor but want to change to another major at the U of A, should contact the
advisor of their desired major
and follow the instructions listed by that department.  Students who are still exploring U of A majors are encouraged to contact
The A Center,
which serves as the home for exploratory students at the University of Arizona.