URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/programs/undergraduate/prospective-students
TITLE: Prospective Undergraduate Students | Eller College of Management

Prospective Undergraduate Students
Your business journey starts here.
The world is evolving rapidly and the Eller College is right there with it. We're forward-looking in our approach to business education—giving you the ability to lead in the face of profound technological, social and economic transformation.
We believe in boundary-free collaboration and creating real-world innovation as the ways forward. And we're looking for you: You, the leader. You, the idea person. You, the doer. You, who's ready to make and impact. You, the future accountant or Wall Street analyst or marketing director or entrepreneur. You, who's ready to transform.
Admissions
Get the details on applying for or transferring to the University of Arizona and the Eller College of Management.
Learn More »
Connect with the Eller College
You can sign up to connect Eller virtually or in person to learn about your Eller Experience. Sign ups for in person tours are offered on a first come, first serve basis and have limited spots.
Sign up for a Virtual or In Person Session
Cost to Attend
For a personalized quote, the
Bursar’s Office
provides in-depth expense information. You may also find the
general tuition calculator
helpful.
Learn More »
Image
Undergraduate Programs Brochure
Explore Eller Undergraduate Programs through our brochure. Here you'll find Eller College stats, major overviews, student and alumni profiles, a quick look at our many engaging academic experiences and professional development, including top hiring companies.
Download Brochure Now
Majors, Minors, Honors and Courses
Get to know our majors, minors and other academic programs—and the world full of possibilities that await thereafter.
Learn More »
Professional Development Resources
Everything you do here is with an eye toward what's next, from the Eller curriculum to clubs to events to internships.
Learn More »
Image
Global Programs
Gain credit and cross-cultural professional experience at the same time. There are multiple ways to spend time in the global market—study abroad, volunteer, get a summer internship or even spend your first semester of upper-division coursework abroad.
Explore Global Programs
Image
Meet Current Students
The camaraderie is palpable here at Eller: classmates and cohorts watch out for one another—and as much as they support each other, they challenge each other too. Collectively, we dream big and do the work to bring it to fruition.
Meet Eller Undergraduate Students
Start Your Transformation
Ready to join the Eller College of Management? We look forward to learning, innovating and growing together.
Undergraduate Admissions