URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/programs/undergraduate/be-weller-student-wellness
TITLE: Eller Undergraduate Student Wellness | Eller College of Management

Be WEller - Eller Undergraduate Student Wellness
The Eller College of Management is committed to students’ overall health and wellness throughout their Eller experience. Our goal is to provide all students in the Eller College with the resources and support to be healthy and perform at the highest level personally, academically and professionally. Through the Be wEller Student Wellness initiative, students and staff of the Eller College create programs and support access to resources to foster wellness amongst our entire community.
Helpful Resources for Uncertainty and Stress
10 tips for dealing with uncertainty
Source: American Psychological Association
Be kind to yourself.
Some people are better at dealing with uncertainties than others, so don’t beat yourself up if your tolerance for unpredictability is lower than a friend’s. Remind yourself that it might take time for the stressful situation to resolve, and be patient with yourself in the meantime.
Reflect on past successes.
Chances are you’ve overcome stressful events in the past--and you survived! Give yourself credit. Reflect on what you did during that event that was helpful, and what you might like to do differently this time.
Develop new skills.
When life is relatively calm, make a point to try things outside your comfort zone. From standing up to a difficult boss to trying a new sport, taking risks helps you develop confidence and skills that come in handy when life veers off course.
Limit exposure to news.
When we’re stressed about something, it can be hard to look away. But compulsively checking the news only keeps you wound up. Try to limit your check-ins and avoid the news during vulnerable times of day, such as right before bedtime.
Avoid dwelling on things you can’t control.
When uncertainty strikes, many people immediately imagine worst-case scenarios. Get out of the habit of ruminating on negative events.
Take your own advice.
Ask yourself: If a friend came to me with this worry, what would I tell them? Imagining your situation from the outside can often provide perspective and fresh ideas.
Engage in self-care.
Don’t let stress derail your healthy routines. Make efforts to eat well, exercise and get enough sleep. Many people find stress release in practices such as yoga and meditation.
Seek support from those you trust.
Many people isolate themselves when they’re stressed or worried. But social support is important, so reach out to family and friends.
Control what you can.
Focus on the things that are within your control, even if it’s as simple as weekly meal planning or laying out your clothes the night before a stressful day. Establish routines to give your days and weeks some comforting structure.
Ask for help.
If you’re having trouble managing stress and coping with uncertainty on your own, ask for help.
Online resources for fun and wellness
Try the Calm App--a free online stress/anxiety management resource
Take a virtual ride at Disney
Take 60 free YMCA exercise classes
Tour a national park on Google Earth
Stream the Northern Lights Live
Watch sea life on the Monterey Bay Aquarium live cams
Help yourself find balance
The Harvard Business Review discusses why video calls can be more draining than traditional meetings and how to avoid the additional strain.
You can watch the video here.
Faculty resources
Health and Wellness
Health and Wellness Initiatives
Resources for students, faculty, staff and parents
Wildcats RISE (Resilience in Stressful Events)
Peer-led support meetings with several online offerings per week
Test Anxiety/Exam Prep
2 Minute Video
Managing Stress & Uncertainty
Calm Breathing Bubble
Document
COIVD Related Stress Infographic
Document
Dealing with Uncertainty Infographic
Main Campus and Arizona Online resources
Campus Health Counseling and Psychological Services (CAPS)
Togetherall, a free and virtual peer-to-peer service
Arizona Online Student Resources
Campus Pantry
Campus Closet
Wildcats RISE Peer Mentoring
Workouts of the Week (W.O.Ws)
Try these Be wEller Workouts of the Week (W.O.Ws) whenever you need them.
Write Down Five Strengths.
Knowing our strengths is important! They are important to know how to work effectively with our peers, colleagues, and essentially everyone around us. It is also important to know strengths and recognize them to develop personal leadership styles.
5,5,10 Belly Breathing.
Deep breathing is one of the best ways to
lower stress in the body
. This is because when you breathe deeply, it sends a message to your brain to calm down and relax. The brain then sends this message to your body. Those things that happen when you are stressed, such as increased heart rate, fast breathing, and high blood pressure, all decrease as you breathe deeply to relax. Place your hands on your belly.  Take a deep breath in to the count of 5 through your nose.  Hold your breath in for a quick count of 5, then slowly exhale through your mouth to a count of 10.
Tapping.
Think about what is stressing you out and then see where they feel that in their body (gut, shoulders, back, etc.)
Tapping
at these points has shown to reduce stress and anxiety for people at a variety of levels.  It sends a calming message to the amygdala in your brain which reduces the release of the stress hormone cortisol in your body and decreases the feeling of stress and anxiety.
Gratitude and Appreciation.
Appreciation and gratitude are a small but important way to help build a culture of
caring and empathetic workplaces.
Take the time this week to send a thank you note or email to someone.
Body Circles.
While dynamic stretching is typically used in sports, it can have a multitude of benefits outside of sports. It can increase blood flow to muscles, improve posture, heal and prevent back pain, stress relief, calm minds, and decrease tension headaches.
Guided Meditation.
Meditation is a mindfulness practice that also helps with conflict management that makes resolving issues easier. More companies are encouraging mindfulness and guided meditation to help reduce stress and conflict and encourage creativity, productivity, and overall employee happiness.
You can access a 10-minute mediation here.
Coloring to Relieve Stress.
Coloring is a great way to refocus our attention and there’s three big benefits to it. 1. Attention "flows away from ourselves" and acts similar to a meditative guide. 2. Simple activities relax the brain. 3. It’s low stakes, you can color outside the lines or be neat! It's up to you on how you want to make it, but there are no consequences either way.
Spending Time in Nature.
A recent study from
Harvard Health
show that nature walks help repel negative emotions and can help lower stress levels. Even something as simple as watching nature videos or listening to outdoor ambiance can make a difference.
Head and Shoulder Stretching.
Take the time this week to stretch out your head and shoulder. You can
find examples here.
Find Three Good Things.
We tend to pay more attention to the things that are going wrong, while adapting to the "good" things in life and take them for granted.  This is a
science-based activity
that helps us to counterbalance those tendencies.
Find your Walk-Up Song.
Having a go to pump up song can help you relax or get into the zone before big moments like interviews, exams, big meetings, etc.
Encouragement Cards.
People who are optimistic are twice as likely to have ideal cardiovascular health. Not only is optimism good for our health, it's a great way to make someone else's day and remind them to be optimistic too. Some examples of a positive affirmation can be “You got this”, “You’re doing great”, “Hope you have a great day”, etc. Write down a positive affirmation and pass it out to someone this week.
Local and National Resources
University of Arizona Counseling and Psychological Services: 520-621-3334
Pima County Community Crisis Line: 520-622-6000
Crisis TEXT Line–Text HOME to 741741
National Suicide Prevention Line: 1-800-273-8255
Wednesday Wellness Stretches
Need a midweek break? Join the Be wEller team on Wednesday mornings at 8:15 for a guided, 10-minute stretch to start off your day! We gather in the 2
nd
floor area of the Professional Development Center in McClelland Hall for anyone who wants to join. Students, staff, and faculty are all welcome!