URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/programs/undergraduate/admissions/transfer
TITLE: Undergraduate University Admissions: Transfer Students | Eller College of Management

University Undergraduate Admissions: Transfer Students
Image
Undergraduate Transfer Brochure
Here you'll find Eller College stats, major overviews, student and alumni profiles, a quick look at our many engaging academic experiences and professional development, including top hiring companies.
Download Transfer Brochure Now
Apply for Admission to the University of Arizona
If you are interested in studying at the Eller College of Management, you must first apply for admission to the University of Arizona. Find application deadlines, download an application, view FAQs and more at the UA Admissions website.
University of Arizona Admissions
Transfer to the Eller College of Management
We know that transitioning to the University of Arizona and Eller College is a big decision. Whether you are transferring your previous coursework, moving to a new city, settling on a new campus—it all takes planning and preparation. Please follow the steps below to explore your academic options and begin the application process.
Step 1: Explore Your Options
The Eller College of Management at the University of Arizona is home to undergraduate business degree and economics programs, including daytime and online degrees. Review the Cohort options below to determine which track is the right fit for you.
Learn more about our specific majors.
Students must earn Professional Admission into the Eller College of Management before beginning one of the programs below. This admissions process is separate from general UA admission.
Learn more about Professional Admissions and eligibility requirements.
Traditional
Online
Economics
Program Length
17-22 months:
(depending on major)
Starts August or January
16 months:
(or longer with part-time enrollment)
multiple starts throughout the year
17-22 months:
(depending on major)
Starts August or January
When to Apply
Early September or early February
Ongoing: Applications accepted on a rolling basis, year-round
Mid September or Mid February
Admissions
Selective & Competitive
(selections for majors outside of Business Management based on GPAs and Interview scores)
Selective
(all eligible applicants are admitted)
Selective
(all eligible applicants are admitted)
Class Schedule
Classes meet weekly; Monday-Friday mostly offered in the daytime
Flexible; classes are online 24/7
Classes meet weekly; Monday-Friday mostly offered in the daytime
Degree Offered
Bachelor of Science Business
Administration (BSBA)
Bachelor of Science Business
Administration (BSBA)
Bachelor of Arts (BA)
Majors Offered
Accounting, Business Economics, Business Management, Entrepreneurship
(required additional application process)
, Finance, Marketing, Management Information Systems, Operations Management
Accounting, Business Administration
Economics
Special Features
Case competitions; rewarding teamwork experience; robust elective offerings, dedicated career coach for each major
7-week accelerated courses delivered online 24/7; integrated professional development, success coach dedicated to online students
Flexible curriculum allows students to easily double major or double minor without adding time to graduation
Lifestyle Factors
Traditional campus experience, clubs and involvement, daytime classes, study abroad options
Continue career uninterrupted, full-time and part-time enrollment options, able to balance course load with career and home life
Flexible curriculum; minor required; traditional campus experience; clubs and involvement; daytime classes
Location
Tucson, Arizona
Flexible; classes are online 24/7
Tucson, Arizona
Estimated Program Cost (based on four semester of major coursework - subject to change)
Resident tuition for 2022-23: $30,110; Non-Resident tuition for 2022-23: $82,710; includes mandatory fees and Eller Differential Tuition
Begins Summer 2023: $530 per credit hour; total program cost is $27,950 (if upper-division completed in 4 semesters); no residency requirements.
Resident tuition for 2022-23: $30,110; Non-Resident tuition for 2022-23: $82,710; includes mandatory fees and Eller Differential Tuition
Contact
transfer@eller.arizona.edu
online-ugrad@eller.arizona.edu
ba-econ@eller.arizona.edu
Step 2: Review and Meet Eligibility Requirements
Eller College of Management degree programs require professional admission to the individual majors.
In order to be eligible to apply for Professional Admission to the Eller College of Management, applicants must meet GPA, unit and Foundation coursework requirements. Additionally, international/ESL students must also submit official proofs of high-level English proficiency (TOEFL/IELTS/CESL).
View a complete and detailed list of Professional Admissions Eligibility Requirements.
In-State Transfer Students
The Eller College Foundation course requirements can be met with the completion of the Associates in Business (ABUS). If you are transferring from an Arizona community college please refer to our transfer guides, listed below.
Please note that these transfer guides are subject to change and should not be used in place of academic advising.
Arizona Western Community College
Central Arizona Community College
Cochise Community College
Coconino Community College
Dine Community College
Eastern Arizona Community College
Maricopa Community College District
Mohave Community College
Northland Community College
Pima Community College
Rio Salado Community College
Tohono O’odham Community College
Yavapai Community College
Out-of-State Transfer Students
Transferability of our Business Foundation and General Education course requirements differs across out-of-state institutions. For information on how specific out-of-state credit will transfer to the University of Arizona, consult the
UA Transfer Credit Guide
. Additional information on English transfer credit can be found through the
English Department Writing Program
. For information on math transfer credit, please complete the
Mathematics Math Transfer Credit Approval Form
.
NOTE: California community college students can satisfy most of the UA’s General Education requirements with the completion of the
Intersegmental General Education Transfer Curriculum (IGETC)
, with the possible addition of a second language proficiency.
Applicability of Upper-Division Credit
To fulfill an upper-division (300 or 400 level) requirement in the BSBA major, the course must be an upper-division course from an AACSB accredited institution.  A course syllabus from the semester of enrollment would be reviewed by the offering department to determine equivalency.
For more information on how specific in-state and out-of-state credit will transfer to the University of Arizona is available, speak with an advisor.
Step 3: Planning to Apply
Transfer students must first apply for admission to the University of Arizona. Please visit UA Admissions to
learn how to apply and begin your application for UA admission as a transfer student.
You should submit your application no earlier than one semester prior to your desired term of enrollment. Please review the
application deadlines
based on your desired starting semester.
Beginning Summer 2023 Students will be admitted to the University of Arizona as
Business Management majors if they are pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (BSBA) on the main campus
Economics majors if they are pursuing a Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Economics
Business Administration majors if they are pursuing a BSBA in the Arizona Online campus.
Main Campus in Tucson
Students will apply to the Professional phase of Business Management or any of the other business majors through the process of professional admissions once they meet the requirements that make them eligible to apply.  The requirements are a 2.75 or higher cumulative GPA in the semester students are completing their Eller Foundational classes; some business majors may be competitive. Students can guarantee their admission into any our
business majors
by achieving
Admission with Excellence
. Students who do not achieve Admission with Excellence or get selected for one of these other majors, will still be able to continue as a Business Management major and earn their degree from the Eller College.
Arizona Online Campus
Students will apply to the Professional online phase of Business Administration or Accounting. Online professional admissions requirements are the same as for main campus; a 2.75 cumulative GPA in the semester students are completing their Eller Foundational classes.
Students who are completing an ABUS degree at an Arizona Community College may be applying for professional admissions to their Eller major while in their final semester at the community college.
Step 4: Next Steps and Orientation
Transfer students are required to attend a university-wide orientation program.
Students will be able to RSVP for an orientation in their
Next Steps Center
once dates become available. If you have any questions regarding registering for orientation, please contact the Next Steps Center at (520) 621-5293.
Before signing up for a mandatory orientation, you must first pay your Enrollment Deposit and complete the Transfer Student Academic Preview through your Next Steps Center. Please complete this at least 48 hours before attending the university-wide orientation program, as these two steps are what activates you for registration (matriculation).
During orientation you will learn more about the university, campus resources, Eller requirements, involvement and professional development opportunities and individually meet with an Eller academic advisor to review your previous coursework and register in the appropriate courses.
You will not be able to register for classes until you attend a mandatory orientation.
If you have additional questions about the Eller College of Management, please
contact the appropriate foundational advisor
based on the first letter of your last name.
Note: Orientation for student completing Pima Community College’s STU 210 is embedded into their coursework.
Step 5: Preparing to Start
Transportation options to and from campus are plentiful and include paid campus parking, free Cat Tran campus shuttle, U-Pass for Tucson Transit, bicycle services and more. Please
visit UA Parking and Transportation Services
to explore all our options and set up one that is right for you.
You will also want to explore
scholarship opportunities and resources
.
You can access your booklist for required courses by logging in to your
UAccess account
using your UA NetID and password. Select your current term and follow the "Proceed to the BookStore" link below your class schedule.
Finally, begin using and checking your
UA Catmail student email
to be up-to-date on all UA and Eller communications. And don't forget to schedule an
academic advising
appointment through the
Eller Student Management System (eSMS)
to review you semester schedule and create an academic plan.
Explore our Transfer Student Stories