URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/programs/undergraduate/academics/online/admissions/integrity
TITLE: Eller Online Bachelor's Academic Integrity Policy Agreement | Eller College of Management

Eller Online Bachelor's Academic Integrity Policy Agreement
We strive to prepare graduates who can pursue business careers in demanding and competitive environments with skill and integrity. To this end we work to foster a climate of honesty, collaboration and respect.
The Eller Online Bachelor’s Program’s Academic Integrity Policy exists to provide faculty and students a guide to our standards of ethical conduct and to the penalties associated with their violation
.
All members of the Eller community are expected to know the Academic Integrity Policy's content and implications.
Lack of familiarity with the policy will not excuse integrity violations.
These include, but may not be limited to:
Use of Examity (Online Exam Proctoring Service Provider)
To protect the integrity of our exams and fairness amongst our students, the Eller Online Bachelor’s program proctors all major exams through the University of Arizona’s official proctoring service provider, Examity.
Examity proctoring sessions require students to test in a conducive environment free from interruption. You should expect to:
Create an Examity profile and verify your identity at the beginning of each proctoring session.
An external webcam and 5-foot USB cord is required for Eller Online exams. A built-in computer webcam (embedded into your screen) is NOT sufficient.
Use the external webcam to show proof of appropriate testing environment before and during the exam.
Share remote access to your computer during the testing sessions.
Be video recorded during the entire testing session, for faculty’s review (if anomalies occur).
Examity representatives are considered an extension of our university and should be treated with the same level of respect as your course instructors or members of our staff.
Integrity Violations in Academic Conduct
Direct use of the words or ideas of another without giving proper credit, including material drawn from print, televised, or electronic sources.
Submission of the same or substantially same assignment to different instructors, without the express permission of both.
Unauthorized use of another person's work, in part or in whole, on assignments (including work done in conjunction with another student) and in exams.
Receiving or giving unauthorized assistance on exams or assignments.
Using unauthorized materials during an exam or on assignments.
Unauthorized use of notes (from print or electronic sources) on any assignments, case studies, or exams.
It is
every student's responsibility
to seek clarification from faculty on class rules before an assignment is turned in. It is unacceptable to submit an assignment and then claim lack of knowledge of the rules by which it was governed.
Integrity Violations in Personal Conduct
Taking or attempting to take the property of another without permission.
Misrepresenting the truth or giving false information, with the intent of gaining unfair personal advantage or causing harm.
Verbal or physical harassment of any kind, aimed at any individual or group.
Inappropriate use of another student's personal information.
Faculty members are responsible for describing rules specific to their classes beyond the general policy and will determine the penalties for their violation.
Penalty for violations of academic integrity include, but may not be limited to:
Failing grade for the assignment in which the violation occurred.
Failing grade for the course in which the violation occurred.
Removal from offices held within student organizations.
Dismissal from the Eller College of Management or the University of Arizona.
Please complete the mandatory webform (e-sign) below to confirm that you agree to uphold the academic integrity expectations expressed above. Signing below signifies that you are familiar with the academic integrity policies of the Eller Online Bachelor’s Program and the University of Arizona.
If you have any questions along the way, please don't hesitate to reach out to Heather Martin, academic advisor for newly admitted Eller Online students, at
hmartin@eller.arizona.edu
or by phone at 520-621-2505.