URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/programs/undergraduate/advising/first-year-advising
TITLE: New Student Advising | Eller College of Management

First year Advising
Welcome to the Eller College!
Learn more about getting started in the Eller College as a new student and connecting to Academic Advisors.
The Eller College provides a variety of specialized advising for new first year (freshmen) and new transfer students to assist in the transition to the University of Arizona and the Eller College. We work to ensure accurate and timely information is shared with all new students and strive to develop academic plans that help each Eller student progress toward graduation. To that end, incoming first year and transfer students will have unique Virtual Orientation Experiences.
Apply for Admission to the University of Arizona
First Year Student Orientation Advising
Transfer Student Orientation Advising
First Year Follow-Up Group Academic Advising
First-Year
Academic Connection Date with Academic Advising
After University of Arizona admissions, the new admit First-Year student process begins in an online program called the
Next Steps Center
. Here students complete a variety of "Pre-Orientation Tasks" ahead of their "Virtual Orientation Experience". Pre-Orientation tasks include the Next Steps Center > "Path to Enrollment" tile, choosing an Academic Connections date, sending in dual enrollment or test credits, and completing academic
placements
.
The
Virtual Orientation Experience
includes two parts:
Arizona Arrival
- a self-paced, informational portal that guides you through everything you need to know as a Wildcat, learning more about your academic unit, campus support services, clubs and organizations, and so much more!
Academic Connection Date
- this is the date you'll connect virtually with the Eller College of Management, meet Orientation Leaders, and register for classes! Eller College Academic Advisors are excited to meet you:
At the
Academic Unit Meeting
(9:00-9:30 AM)-a 30-minute presentation in Zoom about Eller College programs, curriculum, and engagements.
During
Academic Schedule Review
(assigned times show in Next Steps Center): 10-15 minute conversation, 1-1 with an Eller Academic Advisor explaining schedule of classes in Student Center.
To connect and complete
Academic Schedule Review,
a student must first log into
eSMS
-Eller Student Management System, join the virtual Drop in Center and wait with their U of A
Zoom
account and
Catmail
open.
When picked up virtually by an Eller Academic Advisor, the advisors Zoom link will be emailed to the student.
For a successful
Virtual Orientation Experience
,
new Eller students...
Read their
Catmail
regularly, checking for updates and announcements about new student requirements and Orientation.
Set up their U of A
Zoom
account.
Complete "Pre-Orientation Tasks" in their
Next Steps Center
.
Finalize all academic
placements
as soon as possible,
understanding that without placements there is no guarantee of an accurate first semester schedule of classes which may hinder a student's graduation goals
. New students must address the follow placements:
PPL Assessment for Mathematics
Foundation Writing Evaluation "FWE" for Writing Composition
Second Language
Complete all sections of
Arizona Arrival
, as soon as it opens, and completes it
before
Academic Connection date.
Attend and participate in all virtual meetings on Academic Connection date.
Mark the dates for
Destination Arizona
!
Parents and family have an important role in their students first year orientation experience, namely, to empower their students to take ownership of their collegiate academics and experiences.  Parents and Families are encouraged to engage with the
Family Essentials Orientation
program and become a member of the Wildcat Family!
Transfer
Academic Connection Date with Academic Advising
The new admit transfer student process also begins in the
Next Steps Center
where students will complete a variety of tasks to get ready for beginning classes at the U of A, including selecting an Academic Connection Date session. On that date, new Transfer students engage with a virtual Academic Unit Meeting to learn more about the Eller College and complete 1-1 academic advising during Schedule Review. During the academic meeting, students learn how to be successful at The University of Arizona and in the Eller College. Transfer students are encouraged to pay close attention to the Eller Foundational curriculum and Semester Plan and consider how their transfer business courses may relate.
Following the Academic Unit Meeting, students must complete advising during the Academic Schedule Review session. During this virtual advising appointment, the student and advisor collaborate over Zoom to discuss the applicability of transfer coursework to business course requirements and University gen eds. The Academic Advisor takes the lead in planning what classes to take in the first semester and when the student might be eligible to apply for Professional Admission . If transfer coursework is not pre-approved for transfer to the University of Arizona as a particular Eller requirement, the advisor may ask the student to collect syllabi from their previous institution to evaluate course equivalencies.
We look forward to seeing you on your Academic Connection Date. Be sure to log into the
Next Steps Center
for specific times and links to connect in Zoom.
First Year Follow Up is a mandatory advising program for all first-semester first years in the Eller College of Management.
During this Fall Eller Undergraduate Advising program for First Year students, Eller Advisors guide students in the planning of their second semester Spring classes, as well as confirm registration dates and times. The program includes additional reminders of various student services available through the Eller College of Management and the University of Arizona. This is not a one-on-one appointment with your advisor but virtual group advising in partnership with MIS 111 Instructors.
This program is designed for Foundational Business Management and Economics students who are in their first semester (Fall) at the U of A.
If you are a first-semester first year student this fall, you must complete the First Year Follow-Up program prior to registering for spring semester classes.
Date: mid-late October, before
Priority Registration
.
Students are encouraged use their
UAccess Student Center
to look for and plan future classes and register based on their assigned registration date.
For additional information,
contact your Foundational academic advisor
.