URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/programs/undergraduate/academics/online
TITLE: Online Undergraduate Program | Eller College of Management

Online Undergraduate Business Program
Immersive business education, no matter where you are.
Our online programs combine a rigorous curriculum with hands-on experience.
Our online program is designed to give you the nationally-recognized education Eller is known for, in a way that works for you—your life, your goals and your ambitions. Whether you choose to enroll full-time or part-time, you’ll develop the skills you need to kickstart your career, land that big promotion or launch the startup of your dreams. A supportive community of faculty and fellow students will be with you along the way.
Image
I worked full-time for BBVA Compass Bank and I have three kids, but I wanted to pursue my undergraduate education and take my career a big step further. I enrolled in the online Business Administration program at Eller, and it really helped build my confidence.
Marlene Corrales ’17 BSBA (Business Administration)
Admissions
Flexibility applies to our application process too. Eller accepts applications on a rolling basis, so you can start the program when it works best for you—fall, spring or summer semester.
Exploring Online Admissions »
Curriculum
Our rigorous curriculum combines business fundamentals—critical thinking, data analysis and an understanding of global business trends—with applied projects that give you valuable real-world experience.
Explore the Online Curriculum »
Minors and Certificates
Eller offers minors and certificates areas for Arizona Online students wishing to add an additional emphasis in business topics, including accounting, business administration, finance and sports management.
Explore Online Minors and Certificates »
Student Success
Achieve success in class and in life. Throughout the program, you’ll be given access to a Professional Development Center course space and work with a dedicated success coach to help work towards your post graduation career goals.
Explore Online Student Success »