URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/programs/undergrduate/admissions/bsba
TITLE: BSBA Business Professional Admissions | Eller College of Management

BSBA Business Professional Admissions
The Eller College of Management BSBA degree program requires professional admission to the individual majors.
Students must apply to advance to their upper-division coursework. This application process is
separate
from the admission application to the University of Arizona for new first-year and transfer students.
The BSBA Admission process is designed to emulate a job search and vocationally prepare BSBA students. The application requires: reviewing minimum parameters, submitting an application, scheduling an advising appointment with an advisor, uploading professional documents, and participating in an interview experience.
Please fully review this page for information on the timeline, requirements and process. We also encourage you to review the
FAQs
. Once you are ready, you may apply for admission via the online application below.
Application for Spring 2027 Cohort (Opens 9/3/26 and due 9/18/26 )
Spring 2027 Application Packet (Available 9/3/26)
Follow a link below or scroll down to view details on the Eller College BSBA Professional Admission:
Requirements and Process
Tips and FAQs
Timeline
Program Options
Eligibility Requirements
Orientation
Application Process
FAQs
Major Selection
Important Notes
Timeline
As a summary, you must complete these actions by the appropriate deadlines listed below:
Attend
orientation
via Zoom, where you will learn about the application process and engage in breakout sessions to learn more about each major.
Submit your application through eSMS. Do this ASAP, before working on documents.
Schedule an advising appointment.
Return to your application to upload your cover letter and resume.
Review the values case and resources from the application packet.
Participate in your interview experience.
The timeline below is for students planning to start in the Spring 2027 semester.
Dates and Times
Required Professional Admission Activity
September 2nd and 3rd
5-7pm Arizona time
Attend one of the required
Professional Admission Orientations
via Zoom
to learn more about the application process. Please wait to send any questions to advisors related to Professional Admissions until after you have attended an orientation.
RSVPs for the Spring 2027 cohort will become available on 8/24/26.
Please RSVP via
student.esms.arizona.edu
by searching for events -> Professional Admission Orientation.
Last names A-K RSVP for September 2nd 5-7pm
Last names L-Z RSVP for September 3rd 5-7pm
Transfer students
should plan to attend an additional meeting on September 3rd from 4:15-5pm (no RSVP needed). The link will become available here on 8/24/26. Please also plan to RSVP above for the September 3rd session.
September 2nd 5:00pm through September 18th 11:59pm Arizona time
Complete the Online Application in eSMS
.
This application must be completed before you schedule your mandatory advising appointment and before you upload your documents. It will take you approximately 20 minutes. Please do this ASAP!
A $55 fee will be applied to all students submitting a Professional Admission application.
If you experience technical issues, please reach out to Chris Sogge at
csogge@arizona.edu
.
September 3rd through 21st
Attend Mandatory Advising Appointment to confirm your eligibility.
This step is required, and you must have submitted an application to schedule an appointment. These appointments may be in-person or via Zoom.
September 18th 11:59pm Arizona time
Deadline for submitting an application.
Students must
submit an application online
before 11:59pm to then subsequently meet with an advisor for mandatory advising.
Late applications will not be accepted.
At this time, new transfer students must also
apply for admission to the University of Arizona itself
.
September 21st 11:59pm Arizona time
Deadline for returning to submitted application with professional documents.
Students who have submitted their application and scheduled their advising appointment have one final step to do. They must go back into their application portal to upload their Cover Letter and Resume by this date.
You must have
submitted the application itself first
, after which you can upload your documents.
Students who anticipate a scheduling conflict must also upload their
Cohort Justification
to the
eSMS application portal
as well.
Students who submit a Cohort Justification by this time will be accommodated. After decision, cohorts will only be swapped for extreme situations. Review this
step-by-step video of how to upload your documents
to eSMS.
Applications will be closed by this date. Applications were due Friday, September 18th at 11:59pm Arizona time
.
September 25th & 26th
Participate in Admissions Interviews
During your advising appointment, you will schedule your interview. Options include:
*Friday September 25th afternoon: Virtual interviews.
*Saturday September 26th morning: In-Person interviews in McClelland Hall.
*Wednesday September 30th afternoon: Virtual make-up interviews, only for those with documentable conflicts with the above times.
Interviews will ask you about the Values Case, available via the admissions packet at the top of this website.
Prepare here!
October 9th 5pm Arizona time
Decision emails are sent to all applicants’ University of Arizona catmail accounts.
Time and date are approximate and subject to change.
Admitted students are also expected to attend the Major Welcome Session of their assigned major. Please hold these dates in advance - you will be notified of your specific time in your decision email.
10/19/2026 5-7pm
10/20/2026 5-7pm
10/21/2026 5-7pm
10/22/2026 5-7pm
10/26/2026 5-7pm
Eligibility Requirements
In order to be eligible to apply for Professional Admission, applicants must meet the following requirements:
Cumulative GPA
Minimum of a 2.75 based on your completed and graded units. These are defined as courses in which a student earned a grade of A, B, C, D, E, or F. Courses designated as pass/fail do not calculate.  This minimum is subject to change in future semesters.
If you have 12 or more completed and graded University of Arizona units, only your UA GPA is used for this cumulative GPA requirement. If you are below a 2.75 UA GPA,
speak to an advisor
to explore options to raise your GPA.
If you have between 1 and 11 completed and graded University of Arizona units, a Transfer GPA will be calculated using coursework from all transfer institutions attended, with all attempts included. This transfer GPA is used for your admissions GPA and must be a minimum 2.75. You must also ensure that you have a minimum 2.0 UA GPA by the time you would begin the upper-division coursework to meet academic eligibility.
Speak to an advisor
for a personalized review of your GPA if you have any questions.
If you have 0 completed and graded University of Arizona units, a Transfer GPA will be calculated using coursework from all transfer institutions attended, with all attempts included. This transfer GPA is used for your admissions GPA and must be a minimum 2.75. Do not forget to also apply to UA itself to become a UA student. If you are below a 2.75 Transfer GPA,
speak to an advisor
to explore options to raise your GPA.
Units
Have completed a minimum of 36 units of work acceptable to UA and be on track to complete 50 credits by the end of the semester in which applying.
Foundational Coursework
All applicants must have appropriate completion of their foundation coursework, with some allowable in progress. Any in progress courses must be successfully passed by the end of the semester in which a student applies. Students who do not pass every progress foundation courses will have their Professional Admission revoked. The required courses are:
Accounting Sequence:
At least one complete and the other can be in progress. Acceptable courses include:
ACCT 200 and ACCT 210
Business Math and Statistics Sequence:
At least two complete and the third can be in progress. Acceptable courses include:
MATH 116, BNAN 276 and BNAN 277.
Note: Math 116 can be replaced with an approved Calculus course
Writing & Composition Sequence:
At least one complete, and the final course in the sequence can be in progress.  Acceptable course sequences include:
ENGL/WRIT 101 and ENGL/WRIT 102
OR
ENGL/WRIT 101A and ENGL/WRIT 102
OR
ENGL/WRIT 107 and ENGL/WRIT 108
OR
ENGL/WRIT 107 and ENGL/WRIT 108
OR
ENGL/WRIT 109H (requires a minimum grade of C, and may be in progress)
Economics Sequence:
Acceptable course(s) include:
ECON 200 (may be in progress)
OR
ECON 201A and ECON 201B (one complete and one may be in progress)
Management Information Systems Course(s):
Up to two classes may be in progress. Acceptable courses include:
MIS 111 and MIS 112
Note: If you are an Arizona transfer student, please speak with an advisor for more information on the MIS 112 requirement.
Business Communication Course:
Up to one class may be in progress. Acceptable courses include:
BCOM 214
Note: Transfer students who do not have a BCOM 214 equivalent at their school may still apply. Instead, they will be required to take BCOM 315 for their communication need once they are in the upper-division.
Foundation GPA
In addition to ensuring that the above courses are satisfied, a
Foundation GPA
calculation will be used as an additional application evaluation metric.
The Foundation GPA is comprised of all attempts at all foundation courses, including from transfer institutions, and regardless of any repeat or exclusion policies. While Foundation GPA impacts an applicant's ranking, there is no minimum GPA at this time, though it is subject to change in future semesters.
For example, if a student received a D in a course, and repeated it with an A grade, the foundation GPA calculation would utilize both attempt grades. As another example, if a student received a D in a transfer course, and took the course again at the UA with a B grade, the foundation GPA calculation would utilize both attempt grades.
Academic Eligibility
Students must have an Academic Eligibility status (UA GPA of 2.0 or higher) at the UA in order to be eligible to start the cohort. Students may not start the upper-division cohort on Academic Warning or Academic Probation (UA GPA below 2.0). If you have at least 1 credit of coursework at the UA, confirm that you will be at a 2.0 by the time you would begin your upper-division coursework.
A $55 fee will be applied to all eligible students submitting a Professional Admissions application
.
The fee will be charged to the Bursar Account of all UA students. Transfer students who do not have a UA Bursar Account must pay the fee with a credit card when they submit their application.
In addition to the requirements above, there are considerations for various populations:
International and English Language Learning/ESL Students
All students entering the Professional Program must possess a high level of language proficiency (
speaking, writing, listening
and
reading
) and a high level of interpersonal competency for success and satisfaction.
To demonstrate receptive language proficiency (
reading
and
listening
), all applicants who were admitted to the University of Arizona as an International student must submit  proofs of high-level of English proficiency. Students must have completed this requirement, and the official scores must be displayed in UAccess at the time of application:
TOEFL score of at least
79. MyBest
or
iBT (internet based test)
are acceptable.
IELTS score of at least
6.5
CESL
endorsement
SAT Evidence-Based Reading and Writing at least
580
or ACT English at least
21
upon admission to the UA
CEPT Full Test score of at least
110 (See more information below regarding UA CEPT test)
Duolingo score of at least
105
Transfer Students
Transfer Students (who have earned less than 12 UA graded credits) may apply for Professional Admission during their last semester at their Community College even if they have not been officially accepted to The University of Arizona. The University of Arizona application must be in progress at the time of application.
Transfer students will RSVP for the Thursday Orientation session in the Timeline section above. They also must plan to attend an additional session at 4:15pm prior to that Orientation, providing an overview of what to expect as a transfer student.
Information for students looking to begin Fall 2026: Thursday, January 22nd 2026 at 4:15pm via this link (no RSVP required)
https://arizona.zoom.us/j/82956707762
Please review the foundation courses offered through Arizona's Community Colleges under
Admissions for Transfer Students
.
Lastly, to help prepare transfer students, Eller is proud to offer our Eller Bootcamp:
Each semester, Eller hosts a two-hour Eller Bootcamp Workshop at the Pima Business Club in partnership with Pima Community College to help students understand the Professional Admission process and eligibility requirements. Students can connect with Eller Transfer Ambassadors, Academic Advisors, and Career Coaches at the event. Transfer Ambassadors can share insights about the student experience, while Academic Advisors can help students determine their eligibility. Career Coaches provide personalized resume and cover letter checks and share general tips on resumes, interviews, and cover letters, giving students practical guidance to strengthen their application materials and feel confident throughout the Professional Admission process. For more information, students can contact Siena Coronado at
scoronado9@arizona.edu
.
Admission with Excellence (UA students with 3.75+ GPAs)
The Admission With Excellence (AWE) initiative was designed to recognize the academic efforts of all high-achieving Eller students and support them in their professional development during their time at UA as they prepare for future career opportunities.
Effective in Fall 2024, student AWE qualifications are:
Enrollment as a University of Arizona student
A minimum
3.75 Cumulative GPA
at the time of application, as calculated above.
A minimum
3.75 Foundation GPA
at the time of application, as calculated above.
Students who meet the above criteria for AWE will be guaranteed:
Professional admission to the Eller College in their first choice of major.
Professional Admission interview experience related to their field of interest.
The Professional Admission timeline and process will look slightly different for AWE students. Students who have calculated their GPA to confirm they meet the qualifications should attend the AWE Professional Admission Orientation and submit the online application through eSMS.
After submitting an application
students are prompted to meet with an Academic Advisor, who will provide information on the interview process and other AWE information.
Although admission to the Eller College is guaranteed for Admission With Excellence applicants, each student is still expected to meet all stated deadlines, requirements, and document submission needs throughout the Professional Admission process.
Application Process
The BSBA Admission process is designed to emulate a job search and vocationally prepare BSBA students. Accordingly, all applicants must adhere to the
timeline
above.
The Professional Admission process requires the following steps:
Review eligibility
and confirm that you meet all requirements.
Attend either day of Professional Admission Orientation.
Submit the
Application
online. You must first submit the online application to then schedule your advising appointment.
Late applications will not be accepted.
Submit your application
before
you begin to work on your cover letter and resume.
Attend a mandatory academic advising appointment. Advising appointments will be conducted via Zoom or in-person. Casual attire is acceptable.
Upload your required materials to your eSMS Application Portal online by the required deadline (late uploads will not be accepted).
Cover Letter
: explains reason for pursuing chosen major, as well as personal accomplishments and career goals
Resume
: highlights your experiences and accomplishments
Cohort Justification: This
optional
document is for anyone who anticipates a schedule conflict when they begin the upper-division coursework. Students who submit a Cohort Justification by this time will be accommodated. After decision, cohorts will only be swapped for extreme situations. Some examples of proof of time conflicts include but are not limited to:
Letter from employer detailing work schedule
Letter from childcare provider indicating hours of accommodation
Any other documentation that demonstrates your need
Any students needing accommodations due to health concerns should contact the
Specialist for Professional Admission
.
Having issues uploading your documents? Check out this
step-by-step video of how to upload your documents
to eSMS.
Prepare for the interview. There are several components, which include a one-minute introduction; questions related to the characteristics valuable to Eller, such as business knowledge and interest, communication, collaboration, engagement, and social responsibility; and a question on a values case that changes each semester. The specific values case and recommended analysis model are provided on the application packet via the blue box at the top of this page, directly below the application link.
Participate in a Professional Admission Interview. Interviews will be scheduled during the mandatory advising appointment.
Whether you need help on your cover letter, resume and interview skills, you are encouraged to use the resources that the
Professional Development Center
offers.
Major Selection
Each department admits as many students as possible, but some majors may fill to capacity. Applicants are ranked based on their metrics and performance in the following:
Cumulative GPA and Foundation GPA
Some competitive majors may also review grades in individual Foundation courses. The Dhaliwal-Reidy School of Accountancy will consider the final grades of ACCT 200 and/or ACCT 210 for students applying for the Accounting major.
Combination score of Cover Letter, Resume, and Interview
In the application students indicate their top 3 choices of major. Eller works to accommodate students in their top choices, moving to their second and third choice only if their first is already at capacity. In rare cases, students are accommodated for a fourth choice major in any majors that are not yet filled.
Students admitted to alternate majors are provided with the following options:
Transition into the assigned major, recognizing many disciplines have similar career outcomes. Check out
'What Can I Do With My Major?'
for helpful information. Consider supplementing the admitted major with an Eller certificate, or planning for a graduate program. Meet with your advisor to discuss adding a certificate.
Begin the assigned major and apply to add or change your primary major in the 1st or 2nd semester of the upper division. Note that the opportunity to add or change a major is still dependent upon space in that major. You can learn more on the
Add or Change Undergraduate Major
website.
Decline admission and reapply for Professional Admission in a future semester. Note that students have only 2 chances to apply, and a decline counts as 1.
Historically, higher percentages of students are admitted to their preferred choice of major in Spring-start application periods.
Connect with your advisor to explore course enrollment options if you are thinking of declining your admission offer.
Important Notes
Students are guaranteed Business Management.
All students meeting minimum eligibility are guaranteed the Business Management major for upper-division coursework. All majors other than Business Management are still competitive and not guaranteed.
Students have a maximum of two attempts at application to the Professional Program.
Deferrals are not an option in the application, and students have two attempts at applying. A student attempt includes: not being admitted, admitted but then revoked admission due to not completing all eligibility requirements, declining admission offer prior to starting the cohort, or dropping all classes during the first semester of the cohort.
Students worried about travel or study abroad conflicts should connect with an advisor to explore timelines. Note that applicants may participate in the interview process virtually and may complete their application submission from anywhere.
Students are conditionally admitted to both the College and the individual major.
We are committed to admitting a talented class to our cohort every semester. As such, admission is based on both College and department demands. Students who were admitted to a major and wish to change that major must wait to
apply to change
until their first or second semester of the upper-division. Students are encouraged to research their major choice carefully before submitting their completed application.
Students are conditionally admitted to the College based on the following areas:
All remaining Foundation courses must be successfully completed with a passing (or transferable) grade at the end of the regular semester in which you are applying.
A total of 50 units must be completed at the end of the semester in which you are applying.
Students must demonstrate professional competencies in the areas of a cover letter, resume, and interview.  Admitted students who score below a level determined to be satisfactory will be required to attend a Professional Development Competency Workshop and complete any supporting assignments. Students who do not meet the competency requirements will be revoked and the applicant must re-apply for Professional Admission in a future semester.
Students must be in Good Academic Standing with a 2.0 (or higher) GPA in order to start the professional program. This includes students who have at least 1 unit of credit at UA, even if they have not attended the UA in some time. Connect with an advisor if you have less than a 2.0 UA GPA.
Program Options
There are four cohort options to which students can apply:
Traditional Cohort in Tucson
Students will complete their cohort in the regular fall/spring semesters. Courses are available during the day. Majors available in this cohort include Accounting (ACCT), Business Analytics (BNAN), Business Economics (BNEC), Business Management (BMGT), Finance (FIN), Management Information Systems (MIS), Marketing (MKTG), and
Operations & Supply Chain Management (OSCM).
At the time of Professional Admission, students will be randomly assigned to a cohort, which will determine the scheduling of the majority of their upper-division classes. For example cohort schedules, please
view the sample schedules
.
Students who have concerns about time conflicts should speak with an advisor during the application process.  Students will also need to submit appropriate documentation of their time conflict. All requests will be considered, but we cannot guarantee that all students will be accommodated. Cohort assignments will be included in decision emails. After decisions, only extenuating circumstances will be reviewed for a cohort swap due to capacity constraints.
Global Cohort (Summer Only)
Students will complete their first semester core upper-division courses over the Summer in another country, accompanied by Eller staff and faculty. Majors available in this cohort include Accounting (ACCT), Business Analytics (BNAN), Business Economics (BNEC), Business Management (BMGT), Finance (FIN), Management Information Systems (MIS), Marketing (MKTG), and Operations & Supply Chain Management (OSCM).
Students are eligible to start the Eller Global Cohort program in Summer only and must be applying for Professional Admissions for a Fall-start semester. The Global Cohort is designed to accelerate student’s first semester core upper-division coursework over the Summer, as well as enhancing their global perspectives. Upon successful completion of the Global Cohort program, students will be integrated into the Traditional Cohort in Tucson for the Fall semester.
Please review the
Eller Global Cohort program
page to determine if the program is right for you.
Online Cohort (Separate Application Process)
Students will complete their upper-division courses fully online. Majors available include
Business Administration (BNAD) and Accounting (ACCT)
as well as several (optional) Eller certificates. Students are eligible to start the Eller Online Undergraduate program in fall, spring or summer. The Online Cohort is designed to be completed in four semesters, with 12 credits per semester.
BA Economics (No Application Process)
Students will complete their upper-division courses through the
Bachelors of Arts in Economics
in the Eller College of Management. Students are required to complete a minor, which can be through the Eller College or any other minor.
Professional Admissions Orientation & Recordings
Orientation attendance is mandatory for all students applying for Professional Admission. Dates and times are found on the timeline section above, and are subject to change.
General Orientation
RSVPs will open through eSMS on the second day of the semester.
Navigate to the "RSVP" option across the top menu, select the department as "Eller Undergraduate Programs", and the type "Professional Admissions" to search. Attend the session based on your last name if possible. If you have a time conflict, attend the other session.
As it is virtual, casual attire is appropriate for all Professional Admission Orientation sessions.
RSVP through
eSMS
.
Transfer Student Orientation
New and Incoming Transfer Students
:
Attend an Orientation Session to learn more about the unique differences for Transfer students.
Information for students looking to begin Fall 2026: Thursday, January 22nd 2026 at 4:15pm via this link:
https://arizona.zoom.us/j/82956707762
. This does not require a RSVP.
Plan to also attend the General Orientation on Thursday from 5-7pm. See "RSVP" section above for details and to RSVP for the Zoom link.
If you have missed these orientations, do not worry! Please access the recordings at the end of this webpage.
If you have questions, please contact
Siena Coronado
, Eller Undergraduate academic advisor.
Breakout Sessions:
After the initial presentation there are two breakout sessions for you to learn more about each major. These sessions are also recorded, and links will be provided here after the orientation.
Recordings
Fall 2026 Orientation recordings from January are now posted and are available for 130 days:
Orientations and Information Sessions
Traditional Student Orientation
Admission with Excellence (AWE) Orientation
Transfer Student Orientation Session
Major Break-Out Sessions
Accounting
Online Majors (BNAD and ACCT)
Business Analytics
Business Economics
Business Management
Entrepreneurship
Finance
Management Information Systems (MIS) & Operations and Supply Chain Management (OSCM) Majors
Marketing