URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/programs/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate Programs | Eller College of Management

Pause Video
Play Video
Undergraduate Programs
You do the dreaming. We'll be the catalyst.
Your journey into the business world starts at Eller.
Eller provides a wide variety of specialty options through the BSBA (Bachelor of Science in Business Administration) degree. In addition to the exceptional training in business, however, Eller students can choose a BA (Bachelor of Arts) social science degree with a major in economics. Come together with professors, advisors, career coaches, classmates, and alumni. With this foundation, and the opportunity to engage with companies, you’ll not only thrive—you’ll lead.
Schedule an appointment
Prospective Students
Get to know Eller Undergraduate Programs by downloading a brochure, scheduling a tour, learning about our academic programs and getting UA admissions and transfer info.
Get More Info
Current Students
Find the most important student resources in one place, including instructions for professional admissions, links to D2L and eSMS, advising resources and more.
Get More Info
You're Going Places. Let Eller Pave the Way
Start Your Application Today
#21
best public undergraduate program
U.S. News
&
World Report, 2026
Image
90%
career outcomes for students
within 60 days of graduation
Bachelor of Science in
Integrated Business Engineering
Two powerhouse colleges. One groundbreaking degree.
Explore IBE
Building dreams, breaking barriers.
The Eller experience isn’t confined within classroom walls. Through hands-on learning, real-world internships, and supportive cohorts, our students go beyond traditional and reach for transformational.
100% Engagement
As part of the University of Arizona’s 100% Engagement initiative, every student who completes the BCOM 314 Business Communication course will receive a transcript notation showing they’ve completed a highly engaged learning experience.
Explore 100% Engagement »
Global Programs
Gain credit and cross-cultural professional experience at the same time. There are multiple ways to spend time in the global market—study abroad, volunteer, get a summer internship or even spend your first semester of upper-division coursework abroad.
Explore Global Programs »
Professional Development
Our Professional Development Center offers personalized services to get you ready to shine. You’ll get access to personalized career coaching, help with resumes and cover letters, interview coaching, networking, internship connections, career events and more.
Explore Professional Development »
Innovative Faculty
Our faculty are well-known experts in their fields, publishing, researching, mentoring and, especially, collaborating. They work with students, each other and organizations outside Eller to make an impact far beyond business.
Meet Eller Faculty »
Hardworking Students
The camaraderie is palpable here at Eller: classmates and cohorts watch out for one another—and as much as they support each other, they challenge each other too. Collectively, we dream big and do the work to bring it to fruition.
Meet Eller Students »
Successful Alumni
Eller Alumni are busy putting their skills and connections into action—founding tech startups, pioneering new projects in the world’s biggest companies and finding solutions where business challenges and social problems intersect.
Meet Eller Alumni »
Events
11:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m., May 1, 2026
Business Communications 314R Case Competition Spring 2026
5 – 7 p.m., May 4, 2026
Spring Short Film Festival
Discover the creativity and entrepreneurial spirit of University of Arizona students at the Micro Business Marketplace!
View Eller Events
Contact Us
By Phone
520-621-2505
By Mail
McClelland Hall 204
The University of Arizona
P.O. Box 210108
Tucson, AZ 85721-0108
Advising
Schedule Appointment in eSMS
Meet Your Advisor
Quick Advising in McClelland Hall 201
Mon, Tue: 10 a.m. - 3 p.m.
Wed, Thu, Fri: Noon - 3 p.m.
Directory
Undergraduate Programs Team
Advisors
Career Coaches