URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/programs/undergraduate/academics/online/minors
TITLE: Undergraduate Online Minors and Certificates | Eller College of Management

Undergraduate Online Minors and Certificates
Eller College minors and certificates through Arizona Online.
We offer the following minors and certificates for Arizona Online students wishing to add an additional emphasis in business topics from the top-ranked Eller College of Management:
Accounting (Certificate Only)
Learn how to analyze and interpret financial statements and how managers analyze accounting data and make important decisions, and gain a broad perspective on federal taxation, along with how individuals are taxed. The Accounting Certificate helps students create value in any type of business or nonprofit or government organization. The program will broaden a student’s learning experiences and professional opportunities by providing training in accounting topics and analysis. This certificate is intended to sharpen your accounting knowledge and is available for (non-Accounting) Eller College undergraduates who have earned professional admission.
Online Accounting certificate
Business Administration (Minor Only)
The Business Administration minor provides students with an understanding of multiple dimensions of business practices. Students are given a well-rounded exposure to all facets of business and how these components interact in real-world business environments.
Online Business Administration Minor
Sports Management (Minor, Certificate and BGS Concentration)
The Sports Management minor explores the business opportunities related to the growing sports industries. The
Sports Management Program
was developed by the Department of Management Organizations in response to growing demand for courses related to sports industries. Completion of these classes will provide a resume differentiator and facilitate job opportunities in the sports industry. Faculty with sports industry contacts and guest speakers from professional sports organizations are paired with experiential learning and sports industry case studies.
Online Sports Management Minor
Finance (Minor or Certificate)
The Finance minor provides students with an understanding of  basic financial theory, applied financial analysis and financial markets.
Elective courses include Principles of Financial Management, Personal Investing, Small Business Finance and Real Estate Principles. Students learn basic concepts through lectures and case studies.
Online Finance Minor