URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/programs/undergraduate/student
TITLE: Undergraduate Student Involvement | Eller College of Management

Undergraduate Student Involvement
Countless opportunities. Endless possibilities.
Students at Eller immerse themselves in much more than coursework—they dive right in to student-led organizations, professional development work, events and leadership opportunities that amplify their Eller experience.
Learn how you can get involved and start shaping your future now, with plenty of camaraderie and fun challenges thrown in.
38
student-led organizations at the Eller College of Management
4,765
volunteer hours by Eller students on our last Make a Difference Day
5
practical case competitions embedded in core Eller coursework
Eller Student Organizations
The academic, professional and social organizations at Eller span a variety of majors, industries and interest areas and can provide you with connections to companies and employers, opportunities to travel and much more.
Explore Student Organizations »
Eller Student Excellence Fund
The Eller Student Excellence Fund can be a resource for your professional development by providing financial support for professional experiences, such as conference attendance, case competitions and company tours.
Eller Student Excellence Fund »
Leadership Programs
Fine-tune your leadership skills by getting involved with leadership programs such as as the Eller Rising Professionals (ERP) and Foundational Business Management Professional Academic Communities of Excellence (PACE).
Leadership Programs »
Student and Faculty Awards
Eller is proud to offer awards in a number of areas like academics, leadership and Dean’s Awards, honoring students and faculty for their hard work, achievement and engagement
Explore Awards »
Undergraduate Fall Graduation
Celebrate our graduating seniors at Eller's Fall Convocation Ceremony. You began your Eller Experience as a student. Now you enter the world with the skills to change your life—and the world.
Fall Graduation »
Undergraduate Spring Graduation
Celebrate our graduating seniors at Eller's Spring Convocation Ceremony. You began your Eller Experience as a student. Now you enter the world with the skills to change your life—and the world.
Spring Graduation »
Competitions
You can shine—and grow—through local and national competitions like
The Wall Street Journal
Challenge, National Collegiate Sales Competition and more.
Competitions »