URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/programs/undergraduate/academics
TITLE: Undergraduate Majors, Minors and Courses | Eller College of Management

Undergraduate Majors, Minors and Courses
Fuel your inner overachiever.
There’s no limit to what you can do with your Eller experience—and no limits on where it can take you.
The world evolves quickly. The Eller College provides a variety of business degrees (BSBA Business Majors) as well as a social science degree in economics (BA Economics Major) to help you gain the knowledge, skills and experience to keep pace—and lead.
13
majors within Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, BA Economics, and BS Integrated Business Engineering
7
minors for both Eller and non-BSBA students
5
certificates for students to add value to their degree
BSBA Business Majors
Within our Bachelor of Science in Business Administration degree program you’ll build a foundation as a Foundational Business Management student and then be able to choose from among nine different majors.
BSBA Business Majors »
BA Economics Major
In the Bachelor of Arts in Economics degree program, you’ll enter as an Economics major and add a minor or double-major to compliment your academic interests.
BA Economics Major »
Online Program
Experience all business specialties taught at Eller with an emphasis on innovation and strategy through a program that is flexible to the schedule you need, either part-time or full-time.
Online Undergraduate Business Program »
Integrated Business Engineering
The University of Arizona's College of Engineering and Eller College of Management bring together diverse engineering programs with top-ranked business, entrepreneurship, and finance offerings. Through renowned faculty with unmatched professional expertise and world-class facilities, both colleges deliver elite, design-focused education that prepares students for their dream careers across engineering and business.
Learn More about IBE »
Honors Program
Eller provides an engaging and challenging set of opportunities for our top students.
Honor Program »
Eller Minors and Certificates
Differentiate your knowledge and experience with a certificate that customizes and enhances your opportunities.
Minors and Certificates »
Minors for Non-BSBA Students
A business-related minor can open doors to a variety of business career opportunities.
Minors for Non-BSBA Students »