URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/programs/undergraduate/academics/online/admissions
TITLE: Admissions | Eller College of Management

Online Undergraduate Admissions
A high quality experience in all of Eller’s undergraduate majors begins with committed, talented and motivated students.
This is the purpose of a selective admissions process. Eller Online Undergraduate professional admission applications are accepted on a rolling basis so that students can begin upper-division coursework in our Business Administration or Accounting major in the fall, spring or summer semesters.
In order to be eligible for the Online Business majors, applicants must earn professional admissions by the following these steps:
Step 1: Apply to Arizona Online
If you haven't already been admitted to Arizona Online or the University of Arizona, please submit your application
here
.
Beginning Summer 2023, all newly admitted Arizona Online students will be accepted as a business administration major.
Newly admitted business administration majors are required to complete an online orientation process through the
Next Steps Center
. During this self-paced online orientation you will learn more about the university, campus resources, Eller curriculum requirements, involvement and professional development opportunities, take placements and be shown how to make your first advising appointment. Upon completion of the Next Steps Center, you will choose an appointment time to meet individually with an Eller academic advisor (in person, via telephone or via Zoom) to review any previous coursework and register in the appropriate courses. You will not be permitted to register for classes until you complete the mandatory orientation and meet with the Eller Online
academic advising staff.
Step 2: Complete the Eller Foundation Prerequisite Courses
Students who have not yet been accepted into the professional program through Professional Admissions will work on general education requirements and business foundation coursework. We encourage lower-division business administration students to work closely with your Eller Online advisor to plan for the eligibility requirements needed to apply for Professional Admissions.
NOTE: Some newly admitted transfer students may be eligible for Professional Admissions at the time of being admitted into Arizona Online if they have already completed Eller's prerequisite coursework or an Associate's of Business (ABUS) degree and meet the other admissions requirements.
In order to be eligible to apply for Professional Admission to the Eller College of Management, you must meet the following requirements:
GPA Requirement:
Have a minimum cumulative GPA of
at least 2.75
on 12 or more completed, graded UA units. If fewer than 12 UA units have been completed, a transfer GPA will be calculated using all attempted coursework from all transfer institutions previously attended.
Foundation Coursework Requirement:
You must be complete or in progress with the necessary foundation prerequisite coursework. When calculating the foundation GPA, all graded attempts at foundation courses are considered. All foundation courses must be successfully completed by the end of the regular semester in which a student applies. Students who do not pass a foundation course that was in progress during the semester in which they applied will lose their Professional Admission and need to re-apply in a future term.
Unit Requirement:
Have completed a minimum of 36 units of work acceptable to the University of Arizona, and be on track to complete 50 credits by the end of the semester in which applying.
Good Academic Standing:
Students must be in good academic standing (UA GPA of 2.0 or higher) at the UA in order to be eligible to start the cohort. Students may not start the upper-division cohort on Academic Probation (UA GPA)
Step 3: Apply for Professional Admissions to the Eller Online Majors
Once you have confirmed your eligibility for Professional Admissions, please submit your electronic application through
eSMS
.
For additional guidance about the Eller Online Professional Admissions process, please see the
Eller Online Professional Admissions Packet
Please note: A one-time $55 application fee will be assessed to your UA Bursar's account when you begin your first semester in the upper-division.
Semester
Classes Begin
DEADLINE FOR ALL REQUIREMENTS: Application, Advising, Resume, Cover letter, interview & orientation course
Spring
Mid-January
January 1
Summer
Mid-May
May 1
Fall
Late August
August 1
Step 4: Mandatory Advising Appointment & Professional Admissions Interview
After submitting your professional admissions application in eSMS you will be directed to make a mandatory advising appointment with your
Success Coach/Academic Advisor
. You may choose to complete this appointment in-person, via telephone or via Zoom.
During this appointment our team will confirm your eligibility, calculate your GPAs, review your performance in the business prerequisite courses, review your university academic requirements beyond the major, schedule you for the Professional Admissions virtual interview and discuss the orientation/skills assessment exam.
Step 5: Professional Admissions Interview
Following the mandatory advising appointment, applicants will be added to a professional admissions orientation course where your recorded interview will be located.
In preparation for the Eller Online Professional Admissions virtual interview, applicants are required to submit their resume and a cover letter into eSMS. Applicants are also required to review an ethics case study that will be discussed during the interview. The ethics case can be found in the
Eller Professional Admissions Packet
.
Acceptance into the Eller College of Management is
conditional
for all admitted applicants, pending:
Successful completion of all remaining foundation course requirements before the start of your Eller Online classes
Review of your academic integrity history through the Dean of Students Office
Maintaining Good Academic Standing at the University of Arizona with a cumulative GPA of 2.0 or above
Step 6: Complete Major Orientation
In order to maintain your professional admissions status and fully transition into the upper-division major coursework, all newly admitted major students must complete the Eller Online Bachelors Orientation course through their D2L page. This
mandatory
orientation course is designed to help introduce you to the online course environment used by Eller Online faculty. It is also a way to meet your fellow classmates and learn about resources and expectations from the professional (upper-division, major) phase of the Eller Experience.
Online Program Costs and Financial Aid
Eller’s Online program offers an exceptional value and need-based (FASFA) financial aid may defray costs for select students.
Estimated Upper-Division Cost
Tuition:
approximately
$25,200
($525/unit for 48 units in the upper-division Business Administration major)**
approximately
$26,775
($525/unit for 51 units in the upper-division Accounting major)**
Books and Course Materials:
$2,000, average for the program
Fees:
include $56/semester AFAT fee, and $25/credit
OR
$175/semester technology fee
Fees subject to change; rates above estimated based on 2022-23 tuition charges.
** Assumes a student transfers into Arizona Online to complete the major with an Associate's of Business (ABUS) two-year degree from an Arizona community college. Additional coursework may be required to satisfy UA graduation requirements beyond the major, depending on a student's previous coursework.
Financial Aid
You may choose to take out a loan to pay for all or part of the costs of attendance. Eligibility for need-based grants, loans and scholarships is determined by completing a
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) form available online
Funds are limited, so have your FAFSA completed by March 1 of each academic year to receive priority processing.
For more information regarding financial aid, visit
financialaid.arizona.edu
.