URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/programs/undergraduate/global-programs
TITLE: Global Programs | Eller College of Management

Undergraduate Global Programs
Exciting opportunities await. Turn your Eller Experience into a global one.
At Eller, you can earn credit and gain professional experience at the same time.
Spend a semester studying overseas, a week volunteering in a developing nation, a summer interning in a global industry of your choice, or join us on Global Cohort and complete coursework with Eller faculty abroad.
Image
I now see the world as a much bigger place and understand that while people have differences, we share many similarities.
- Nicki Winfield '25 BSBA (Marketing)
Global Business Program Minor
Expand your Eller Experience beyond borders with this 18-unit minor for Eller students who have a special interest in global business environments.
Learn More »
Eller Global Cohort
Dive in to your first semester upper-division business requirements by spending an intensive five-week summer session abroad.
Learn More »
Summer Global Internships
Eller offers several summer internship programs, which gives you the unique chance to work and learn in places around the globe.
Learn More »
Summer Study Abroad
Spend your summer completing Eller coursework abroad, while broadening your understanding of other cultures.
Learn More »
Semester Study Abroad
A semester abroad is an excellent way to enrich your Eller Experience and complete required f
oundational
or upper-division coursework from a global perspective.
Learn More »
Business Minor Courses Abroad
Find out where you can go this summer or next semester, all while earning units toward your Business Minor.
Learn More »
Costa Rica Service Learning
Make a real impact and learn more about sustainable development and social entrepreneurship.
Learn More »
Guatemala Service Learning
Make an impact in a local community and immerse yourself in a different culture through a spring-break service learning trip.
Learn More »
Micro-campuses
In a cross-cultural and cross-continental collaboration, Eller works with universities in Cambodia, Indonesia and Peru to share campus space, faculty and offer Eller’s Business Administration degree to local students.
Explore Eller Micro-Campuses
Travel Resources
Access vital travel information before beginning your international experience, including passport, visa information, and health and safety resources.
Passport and Visa Information
Passport
You can start the application process by reading the following information from the
U.S. State Department
You can now visit the UA Passport office on campus!
UA Passports
is located on the first floor of the Global Center, 615 Park Avenue. You must have a scheduled appointment, made two weeks in advance. Please
schedule a passport processing appointment
.
Visas
A visa is usually an entry stamp placed in your passport. This allows you entry into a foreign country. A visa is issued by the country's government prior to arrival. Visa requirements vary from country to country depending on the length of time and purpose of your stay. You will need to contact the nearest consulate for the country you will be visiting and ask about the visa requirements. Please check with your Eller Global Advisor to inquire about whether your program requires a student visa.
Health & Safety Resources
Students should review information regarding health and safety abroad. Below are some resources:
UA resources for health and safety abroad
Educate yourself about current health issues where you will be going and the available medical services. Please search for information on the country(ies) you will be traveling to using the following websites:
Centers for Disease Control
State Department
UA Travel Clinic
Make an appointment with the
Campus Health Immunizations
and
Travel Clinic
, your primary care physician, and/or mental health practitioner to discuss any health needs and services you will require abroad.
What medications and immunizations may be necessary based on your destination
Review your current medical insurance coverage
Keep a copy of your GeoBlue health insurance (international health insurance) card to take abroad with you
If you are a student with a disability requesting accommodations for your Study Abroad/Exchange experience you will need to register with the sponsoring institutions' disability resource center. If you are attending a UA sponsored program please contact Disability Resources at 520-621-3268,
uadrc@email.arizona.edu
.
No events available.