URL: https://eller.arizona.edu/students/prospective
TITLE: Prospective Students | Eller College of Management

Prospective Students
Where big ideas hit the ground running.
Set the stage for your boldest career dreams.
In Eller’s top-ranked programs you’ll gain the skills, mentorship and hands-on experience to thrive—and to change the world for good.
#
2
nationally ranked public management
information systems program
U.S. News
&
World Report 2024
#
10
nationally ranked public graduate
entrepreneurship program
U.S. News
&
World Report 2024
#
18
nationally ranked public undergraduate
business program
U.S. News
&
World Report 2024
Degree programs that get the job done.
Choose one of ten undergraduate fields of study or explore our MBA, specialized master’s and doctoral offerings here. Find your perfect fit—then chart the course for your career.
View All Academic Programs »
Connect with Eller and have a look at your future.
Your school choice is no small decision. Virtually learn about Eller faculty, advisors and students to get a sense of your Eller experience.
Connect with Eller »
Interested in Eller? Find admissions info here.
Learn the ins and outs of the application process for each Eller program, from undergrads to graduates and everything in between. This is where you dive in and dream big.
Explore Admissions »
Student Profiles
Kendall Pruitt ’20 BSBA (Finance and Entrepreneurship)
“One of the reasons why I so badly wanted to come here and be part of this program,” says Kendall Pruit, “is because I knew I would learn to scale my ideas and channel my passions into something even bigger.”
Read Kendall's Story »
Jacob Wagner ’18 MBA, MSF
“If I really want to succeed, move up and get more challenging roles, I have to deliver on what I have, and at the same time, always be open to learning about what’s next,” says Jacob Wagner.
Read Jacob's Story »
Jeff Larson ’23 PhD (Management)
“My classes are challenging me to stop thinking myopically about issues and to start looking for bigger trends in why certain problems arise or exist,” says Jeff Larson.
Read Jeff's Story »
View All Eller Student, Alumni and Faculty Profiles
Image
The Eller College of Management was a perfect fit for me. It allowed me to grow and mature into the business woman I am today.
Niah Curry, '18 BSBA (Marketing)
Excellence for All
Undergraduate Programs
Get ready for an experience that opens doors and lays the groundwork for a lasting career. The challenging yet collaborative environment at Eller sets students up to thrive as they pursue any one of the College’s ten undergraduate majors, eight minors, three certificates and two emphasis areas.
Explore Undergraduate Programs »
MBA Programs
Up your game and change your trajectory with an MBA program that works best for your life and your goals, whether it’s full-time, evening, executive or online. Whichever track you take, you’ll get the same world-class Eller MBA experience.
Explore MBA Programs »
Specialized Master's Programs
Eller welcomes many international students into our programs every year. Get to know the specific application requirements that exist, such as English language test scores, undergraduate degree requirements, graduate program criteria, financials and more.
Explore Specialized Master's Programs »
Doctoral Programs
Rise to the height of the field you’re most passionate about and prep for a meaningful career in academia or research, government or industry. You can pursue a PhD in Economics or a PhD in Management with one of five concentrations, from accounting to MIS to marketing.
Explore PhD Programs »
Here, standouts fit right in.
We welcome the dedicated, the hardworking, the sharp and the driven. If you’re a doer, a fresh thinker and a collaborator, we’ll help you hone the skills to be a great leader too. Follow the link below to find the right program for you. We look forward to learning, innovating and growing together.
Find the Right Program