URL: https://marriott.byu.edu/acc/admissions/macc/non-integrated
TITLE: Direct Graduate Applicants - Accountancy - BYU Marriott School of Business

Applicants with a bachelor’s degree in accounting from an accredited college or university
in the United States
are eligible to apply to the Master of Accountancy (MAcc) program directly.
An applicant with a bachelor’s degree in accounting can complete the MAcc program in a year. As of fall 2022, School of Accountancy graduates will receive a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics) designation with their degree.
An applicant with a bachelor’s degree in
any other discipline
from BYU or another accredited college or university in the United States may apply to the MAcc program if they complete the business fundamentals and accounting prerequisites listed below:
Prerequisite Courses
Business Fundamentals
Principles of Accounting
Principles of Accounting II
Introduction to Economics
Intro to Management Information Systems
Management Communication
Accounting Prerequisites
Business and Accounting Information Systems
Cost and Managerial Accounting
Intermediate Financial Accounting I
Financial Accounting II
Fundamentals of Taxation
Financial Statement Auditing
Data Analytics in Accounting
Most applicants with a bachelor’s degree in accounting or business have completed some or all of the general management courses listed below which may be required for CPA certification. An applicant admitted to the MAcc program may take any of the general management courses as part of the MAcc program.
General Management Courses
Business Law
Principles of Finance
Organizational Effectiveness
Ethics for Accounting
Strategic Management
The business fundamentals and accounting prerequisites
CANNOT
be taken at BYU. If you have a question about whether a class you have taken qualifies as a specific prerequisite class, send a syllabus for the class or your unofficial transcript to
soa@byu.edu
and explain which prerequisite you think it fulfills.
GPA
The minimum total GPA required is 3.0, and a minimum GPA of 3.0 is required in upper-division accounting core courses. The average GPA of admitted applicants is 3.7.
Deadline
The application deadline is March 1. Admission decisions for all MAcc applicants are made mid-May, and all applicants are notified by June 1. Notification will be sent in an email and letter from
Graduate Studies
. Applicants who are admitted to the MAcc program will receive an email from the department that includes instructions for accepting the admission offer, a proposed graduation plan to be submitted, and registration information.
Application
Students must apply to the MAcc program through
Graduate Studies
. The site includes information to know before applying, cost of attendance, how to apply, an application checklist, and how to check an application’s status.
Apply