URL: https://marriott.byu.edu/advisement/transfer-info
TITLE: Transfer Information - Advisement - BYU Marriott School of Business

Please follow the guidelines below on how to transfer to the BYU Marriott School of Business. Information on transfer credit is also below.
How to Transfer to BYU
Step 1: Apply to BYU
Apply to Brigham Young University through the
admissions office
.
Send official transcripts from all previously attended institutions to BYU.
Check BYU general education transfer evaluation information.
View BYU Transfer Guides
Step 2: Complete Prerequisite Courses
Transfer students should complete at least one semester of BYU courses to be eligible to apply. To be competitive, students should plan to take most if not all of the prerequisite courses at BYU.
For more information about prerequisite courses,
click here
.
Step 3: Apply to BYU Marriott
Acceptance into BYU Marriott programs is
limited and competitive
.
For more information on application criteria and admission rates,
click here
.
Course Clearance
It is the student’s responsibility to ensure that transfer courses will satisfy BYU Marriott requirements.
View Business Transfer Guide
For business courses that have not been evaluated, transfer students may submit a request to have a course evaluated. Email a complete course syllabus, student name, and BYU ID number to
msb_advisement@byu.edu
. The evaluation process typically requires at least two weeks.
Update Student Record
Once business courses have been evaluated and cleared as equivalent courses, transfer students must submit a
progress report discrepancy form
to request that their academic records are updated to show transfer course equivalencies. Requests will be processed within 1-2 weeks.
Transfer Course Policies
Courses transferred from other institutions to fulfill prerequisites will be discounted three-tenths of a grade point for the application process (e.g. an A becomes an A-). If the equivalent course at BYU is later completed, the BYU course will be used regardless of which grade is highest and will not be discounted.
For programs with a list of options for the third prerequisite, completed BYU courses will be prioritized over equivalent courses transferred from other institutions. This applies even if the transfer grades are higher than the BYU grades.
A maximum of six upper-division credits can transfer for upper-division requirements.
No transfer credits will be applied to a core class.
No D credit or below will be accepted.
Non-Transferable Courses
We will not evaluate transfer equivalency requests for the following courses:
IS 201: Introduction to Management Information Systems
IS 303: Introduction to Computer Programming or CS 111
FIN 201: Principles of Finance
M COM 320: Communication in Organizational Settings
ACC 310: Principles of Accounting 2