URL: https://marriott.byu.edu/bsfin/admissions/criteria
TITLE: Admissions Process and Criteria - Finance - BYU Marriott School of Business

Overview
We view the finance major as a tool to help students accomplish their goals and become better disciples of Jesus Christ. As a result, we evaluate applicants along a variety of dimensions, outlined below, and including, but not limited to, academic, professional, and interpersonal/personal aspects. We wholeheartedly support the
BYU Marriott vision, mission, and values
, and incorporate them as part of our admissions criteria. The video
here
highlights some of the breadth of our approach.
See below for details on timing of applications and our review process, as well as more particular admissions criteria. To begin the application process,
click here
.
When to Apply
The application
opens in March and is due the last business day of June at 4:30 p.m
. All prerequisites must be completed by the application date in order to apply (note that prerequisites may be completed during spring term, but not summer term).
We also perform early admissions. If we are confident in your ability to succeed in finance, you have a strong application, and
you apply by May 15 at 11:59 p.m., you may have the chance to be admitted into the program early
, prior to the final June deadline. If you apply prior to the early admissions deadline above, you will only be notified if you have been early admitted, which notification you will receive by June 1. If you are not accepted as part of early admissions, you will still be reviewed with the remaining applicant pool after the final June application deadline. If you receive and accept an offer of early admission, you will then be able to register during standard university priority registration for fall semester, which takes place in early June. All others admitted to the major (after the late June deadline) will register for their major classes in late July/early August, as directed by the BYU Marriott advisement center.
We welcome applications from students finishing their sophomore and junior years. We have observed that it is often best if students apply as early as possible, including during their freshman year as recruiting for finance internships happens quite early. We often see students accept offers in the spring of their sophomore year for a summer internship between their junior and senior years. As a result, because recruiters are now interviewing and making offers to sophomores for junior internships, we advise students, where possible, to apply to the finance major after their freshman year. If you are denied after applying as a freshman, you can still reapply the following year. As long as you have improved your application further when applying again, this can signal persistence, focus, dedication and resilience, which can be a positive signal in your reapplication.
How to Prepare
Students should also understand that admission to the major is competitive. This varies from year to year, but in 2025, 612 applications were submitted, with 290 admittances. In order to assist students in preparing to apply, we offer the following guidance:
Earn strong grades, particularly in the prerequisite courses (ACC 200, FIN 201, and 3.0 hours from the following course(s) menu: ACC 310, ECON 110, GSCM 201/GSCM 211, IS 201, MKTG 201, or STAT 121). In admissions we will consider your:
Average prerequisite GPA
You should note that we consider the difficulty of the different course options in the menu option when evaluating your prerequisite GPA. In addition,
ECON 110 is the most valuable course of the menu option you can take for purposes of applying to the finance major
as it is a prerequisite class to many of our core courses. So while not a required prerequisite, if possible you should take it before applying to the major.
We will not consider applicants with an average prerequisite GPA below 3.0.
In general, if you received a C+ in a prerequisite class, you need to retake it and get an A to be a competitive applicant.
Last 30-credit-hour GPA
BYU GPA (calculations will use the posted university grades)
Other information from your academic record (transfer credits/grades, AP/SAT scores, AP credit, etc.)
Where a student’s schedule allows, take and earn high marks in one or more of the following courses: IS 110 and STAT 121. This is especially important for students applying after their sophomore or junior year.
Join and actively participate in the
Finance Society
.
Attend at least one
NetTrek
.
Complete meaningful summer and within-semester internships and/or
on-campus internships
.
Create a properly formatted and polished résumé.
Register for FIN 180: Finance Recruitment Prep. This class is designed for anyone interested in applying to the finance program and having a career in finance as it focuses on how to prepare for internships and job placements.
What Matters to the Admissions Committee
The admissions committee uses a holistic approach to assess applicants. Broadly speaking, the admissions committee is looking to admit students with clear goals and a high probability of achieving successful outcomes upon completion of the major. We take this approach in hopes that the things students do for the their application will actually be things that will help them achieve the goals they are pursuing beyond just coming into the program. Our approach should also allow students to leverage what they are already doing when they apply to the program, rather than check boxes that are unrelated to their future aspirations.
When assessing the probability of an applicant achieving a successful outcome, the committee values the following:
Clear articulation of the applicant’s career and/or personal aspirations. Please note, the admissions committee welcomes a broad array of professional and personal aspirations.
Concise explanation of how a finance degree will assist in the applicant’s pursuit of her/his stated aspirations.
Evidence that the applicant understands the path that will lead to the realization of their aspirations.
Evidence that the applicant is making progress toward achieving their aspirations.
Demonstration and understanding of the BYU Marriott vision, mission, and values.
The admissions committee sees at least five broad categories in which applicants can demonstrate they are making progress toward achieving their aspirations:
Academic performance (prerequisite GPA, BYU overall GPA, etc.)
Professional experience (on-campus internships, off-campus internships, case competitions, etc.)
Professional preparation (participation in the Finance Society, NetTreks, FIN 180, etc.)
Qualities (communication skills, charisma, integrity, etc.) & other (compelling backstory, leadership experience, overcoming hardship and adversity, etc.)
These are summarized with rough proportional weights in graphic below. Applicants should note that the review process is not always as formulaic as the figure below may suggest. For example, three internships that are directly related to goals are much more valuable than doing three general OCIs. Additionally, there is some non-linearity associated with performance and an applicant’s likelihood of being admitted. For example, having a 3.6 GPA as opposed to a 4.0 GPA is likely much less detrimental to an application than having a 3.2 GPA as opposed to a 3.6 GPA (that said, applicants generally have GPAs close to 4.0 when being admitted to the program!).
We also do an additional overlay on the application after evaluating on these criteria, using the BYU Marriott vision, mission, and values as guides. In particular, we do this when we feel we have information regarding whether a candidate would or would not be operating consistent with these, such as when we know a student has been academically dishonest, violated the honor code, or not upheld recruiting standards and professionalism.