URL: https://marriott.byu.edu/financialaid/scholarships
TITLE: Scholarships - Financial Aid - BYU Marriott School of Business

BYU Marriott scholarships are available to students who have been accepted into one of the programs offered by the school.
You can apply for all BYU Marriott scholarships using one application.
Click here to complete a scholarship application
. However, you will only be considered for the scholarships for which you qualify.
Please note:
Graduate student scholarships will not be awarded until you are officially admitted into the program and are paying graduate tuition.
Students must reapply each year to be considered for BYU Marriott scholarships. This application is separate from the general BYU scholarship application.
Students are not considered for scholarships unless their application is complete. The online application indicates whether or not the application is complete.
Most programs do not offer scholarships for spring or summer terms.
Important Dates
The scholarship application
opens on December 1, 2025 at 7:00 a.m. MST.
The scholarship application
closes on February 1, 2026 at 11:45 p.m. MST.
Who Should Apply?
Full-time undergraduate students officially admitted to BYU Marriott
All MAcc and MISM students as well as continuing MBA, MPA, and EMPA students
Students in any BYU Marriott program interested in applying for the entrepreneurship scholarships
Students applying for the Single Parent Scholarship
Who Should Not Apply?
Students who should not apply include:
Part-time students
Students minoring in business management
Students leaving on missions
EMBA students
All incoming MBA students (please see
MBA Financial Aid & Scholarships
)
CIS recipients
What Scholarships are Available?
BYU Marriott Scholarships
Privately funded scholarships are available for undergraduate and graduate BYU Marriott students. The following criteria may be considered: GPA, financial need, service, leadership, hometown, major, experience, first generation, etc.
Program and Emphasis Specific
Program-specific scholarships may be awarded to qualified students in each of the following undergraduate programs: accounting, entrepreneurship, ExDM, finance, global supply chain, human resources, information systems, and marketing. General undergraduate scholarships are also awarded regardless of BYU Marriott program.
Scholarships are offered to students enrolled in the following graduate programs: MAcc, MBA, MISM, MPA, and EMPA. Emphasis-specific scholarships may be offered to MBA students in entrepreneurship, finance, global supply chain, human resources, or marketing.
BYU Marriott Single Parent
BYU Marriott has several scholarships specifically donated by the Spouse Association of the school’s National Advisory Council to help single-parent graduate BYU Marriott students with educational expenses. In order to be considered for this scholarship, the following conditions must be met:
Applicant is a single parent (mother or father) with custody of dependent child(ren)
Applicant must be officially admitted to one of the graduate programs at BYU Marriott
Student must remain in good academic standing and will be reevaluated yearly
When a student gets married, he/she is no longer eligible for the scholarship
Entrepreneurship
The Rollins Center for Entrepreneurship and Technology sponsors scholarships for students who have demonstrated an interest in and aptitude for entrepreneurship. The following criteria may be considered: GPA; financial need; major, minor, and/or emphasis; courses taken in entrepreneurship; businesses you have created or are creating; involvement in entrepreneurial clubs or associations; and participation in programs and activities sponsored by the center.
BYU Management Society
Scholarships are sponsored by various chapters of the
BYU Management Society
around the country. Recipients must be from the chapter location, so please make certain that your hometown location is correct on the personal information page of the scholarship application.
Graduate Student Scholarships
Please note the following guidelines:
MAcc: First-year MAcc students are considered undergraduate students for the purpose of scholarships.
MISM: First-year MISM students are considered undergraduate students for the purpose of scholarships.
MBA: Incoming MBA students can find more information
here
. All returning MBA students need to apply
here
.
MPA: All MPA students need to apply online to be considered for scholarships.
Definition of a Graduate Student
Graduate students are defined as students who are paying graduate tuition. MAcc and MISM students who are still paying undergraduate tuition are undergraduates in the scholarship system.
Study Abroad Financial Aid
Opportunities for financial aid assistance for study abroad programs are managed through the Whitmore Global Business Center. If you would like to apply for study abroad financial assistance, please click
here
.
BYU Student Scholarships
These are awarded by the university to undergraduates only. Apply online for BYU student scholarships through the
University Scholarship Office
.