URL: https://marriott.byu.edu/infosys/admissions/bsis/admission-criteria
TITLE: Admission Criteria - Information Systems - BYU Marriott School of Business

Preparing to Apply
Admission to the program is based on the following:
Prerequisite GPA
A minimum 3.0 GPA in the prerequisite courses.
Prerequisite courses must be completed BEFORE the application deadline.
Grades less than a B in
IS 201
and/or
IS 303
are not accepted.
Students who elect a P grade for prerequisites taken in Winter 2020 are welcome to apply. That is, for these students, the B minimum grade policy for
IS 201
and/or
IS 303/CS 111
will be waived.
Performance in
IS 201
and
IS 303/CS 111
will be determined using posted university grades and input from course instructors.
Transferred prerequisite courses are discounted. 3 for this calculation (e.g. A to A-).
Repeated prerequisite courses are discounted. 3 (no more than one repeat per class).
BYU GPA
Last 30-credit-hour GPA and BYU GPA (calculations will use the posted university grades).
Transfer students must complete at least one full-time semester at BYU before applying.
Essay
Essay questions will be listed on the application. Essays should be thorough and well thought out.
Digital Interview
Interview questions will be listed on the application. The interview will conducted through an online platform where you record a response on a laptop (in other words you will not be interviewing live).
As a limited-enrollment program, entry can be competitive. Meeting the criteria does not guarantee admittance.
Prerequisite Courses
The following prerequisite courses must be completed with at least a 3.0 average GPA (a grade of B or better is required in IS 201 and IS 303), with no more than one repeat for each course. Repeated and transfer courses will be discounted by 0.3 (e.g., from an A to an A-).
Classes to be taken before applying to the undergraduate information systems program:
ACC 200: Principles of Accounting (3.0 credits)
Offered fall, winter, spring, and summer
IS 201: Intro to Management Information Systems (3.0 credits)
Offered fall, winter, spring, and summer
IS 303: Intro to Computer Programming or CS 111 (3.0 credits)
Offered winter and spring
MSB 180: Business Career Lecture Series (0.5 credit) is also suggested. This course is offered during the fall and winter semesters.
Applying to the Program
Most students apply after their sophomore year. The application is due on the last business day of June at 4:30 p.m. All prerequisites must be completed and grades posted to the student’s transcript to apply.
Apply