URL: https://marriott.byu.edu/mktg/admissions/criteria
TITLE: Admission Criteria - Marketing - BYU Marriott School of Business

How Do I Apply to the Marketing Program?
Most students apply after their sophomore year. Admission to the marketing major is competitive.
GPA
The following grade point averages may be considered:
1. Prerequisite GPA
IS 201
: Introduction to Management Information Systems
MKTG 201
: Marketing Management
3.0 credits from the following list
:
ACC 200: Principles of Accounting
ECON 110: Economic Principles and Problems
FIN 201: Financial Management
GSCM 201 & GSCM 211
STAT 121: Principles of Statistics
2. Last 30-credit-hour GPA*
3. Overall BYU GPA*
*Calculations will use the posted university grades
Résumé
Content-rich résumés that are properly formatted and polished.
Essay
100-600 words in response to the following prompt:
We want to admit students who will be successful marketers. The key attributes of successful marketers include a passion for marketing, strong work ethic, and the ability and desire to learn. Given these attributes, market yourself by demonstrating evidence of these attributes from your life experiences such as prior work experience, internships, competitions, club participation, or coursework. Describe in detail one or two specific experiences.
Recorded Interview
Record a short response to an interview prompt.
For more detailed application criteria, please
click here
.
How to Become a Competitive Applicant
We hope to admit students who are passionate about marketing. Students can demonstrate this passion by engaging with the field of marketing in various ways. We recommend students consider taking the following steps to become more competitive applicants:
Succeed academically
. Perform well in prerequisite courses and BYU coursework in general.
Participate in the Marketing Association
.
Gain exposure to marketing
. Examples include:
Participation in a on-campus internship (MSB 494R)
Procuring a summer internship
Gaining part-time work experience
Job shadowing
Volunteering
Participate in a study abroad or international business program
Develop professionally.
Demonstrate leadership skills through your work experiences, involvement in student organizations, or extracurricular activities