URL: https://marriott.byu.edu/strat/admissions/criteria
TITLE: Admission Criteria - Strategic Management - BYU Marriott School of Business

Is Strategy a Good Fit for Me?
The strategic management program seeks to attract students with leadership potential who are
driven
,
creative
,
detail-oriented
,
analytical
,
critical thinkers
, and who are looking for significant
professional development
. Developing good strategy for companies comes down to being able to solve difficult problems in a creative way using analytical reasoning, logic, and frameworks. As a strategy student you will tackle and solve challenging business problems, work on teams of highly skilled students who are dedicated and driven, and learn how to become a confident business professional who is ready to lead and add value wherever you land.
How Do I Apply to the Major?
Admission to the strategic management (strategy) major is competitive. The application consists of five parts:
GPA
The following grade point averages may be considered.
1. Prerequisite GPA
ACC 200
: Principles of Accounting
IS 201
: Introduction to Management Information Systems
ECON 110
: Economic Principles and Problems
2. Last 30-credit-hour GPA*
3. Overall BYU GPA*
*Calculations will use the posted university grades
ACT
Your ACT or SAT score will be considered in the admissions process. If you did not apply to BYU using an ACT/SAT score, you may still apply to strategy.
Essay
Applicants will be asked to write about why they chose to apply to strategic management; what it is about a career in strategy that is appealing and why; and what personal attributes, background, or experiences they feel will help them excel in the major.
Résumé
Clearly formatted one-page résumé
Video Interview
Applicants will be asked to respond to several questions in a recorded interview format, including questions that involve quantitative and qualitative reasoning.
Applications for the strategic management program are accepted once a year. The application deadline is the last business day of June at 4:30 p.m. (MDT). Late applications will not be accepted.
For full details on the application, please click
here
.