URL: https://www.business.rutgers.edu/admissions/frequently-asked-questions
TITLE: Frequently Asked Questions | Rutgers Business School

Frequently Asked Questions
Graduate Admissions
Admissions Process/Requirements
If you have questions that are program specific, please go to that program's home page and review the FAQ section for that specific program.
Do all of the application materials need to be in before the deadline?
We strongly recommend that all required documents be submitted prior to the deadline. However, we will continue to accept additional applications and supporting documents on a rolling basis as long as space permits. If you have not yet taken the GMAT or GRE and it is required for the program you are applying to, get your other credentials submitted by the deadline and then submit your test scores as soon as you receive them.
Who should I ask to write my letters of recommendation?
Generally both letters of recommendation should come from either current or recent employers. If you are self-employed, other possibilities may include clients or vendors. For those applicants who do not have full-time work experience, letters of recommendation can come from recent professors. Letters of reference can be submitted either online through the online application or they can be mailed to our office directly by the recommender on company letterhead.
Can I defer my admission?
You may defer admission for up to one year. To request a deferment, you must pay all non-refundable applicable fees in order to reserve your seat.
I applied two years ago and want to reapply. Do you still have my credentials?
Applications and supporting credentials are kept for 12 months and then destroyed. To reapply after one year from the initial term of entry sought, you must complete a new application and resubmit all required credentials.
Does RBS offer Graduate or Teaching Assistantships?
Graduate or Teaching Assistantships are only available for PhD students. However, there are also hourly-paid positions as Classroom Assistants available across RBS academic departments. Check with each academic department for availability.
Do international applicants have to have transcripts and grades formally evaluated?
As of November 1, 2016, RBS has changed its policy on educational evaluations. Applicants with international degrees are no longer required to have their educational credentials evaluated by a NACES evaluating agency.* Applicants should submit original or certified (notarized) copies of all post-secondary transcripts, marksheets, examination results, diplomas and degrees. These documents should be mailed to our address. If not issued in English, a translation must be provided from a professional translation agency.
If an applicant already has an advanced degree from the U.S., he/she will need to submit an official copy of the advanced degree as well as the official transcripts of the bachelor’s degree.
*Please note that RBS reserves the right to request an applicant to have their transcript evaluated by a NACES accredited credentialing agency. Situations where this could happen are if the applicant has a three year degree or for applicants requesting a GMAT waiver. The RBS Office of Graduate Admissions will reach out to the applicant with this request. For a list of NACES agencies, go to:
naces.org/members
. For more information on 3-year degrees, please visit the
International Applicants page
.
Are international students eligible to receive academic scholarships or financial aid?
Financial aid is not available to international students through Rutgers University. RBS graduate students may, however, apply for a private loan with a U.S. co-signer. For more information, please visit the
Office of Financial Aid
. Check directly with the lender for other restrictions/qualifications for a pre-approval.
We do have limited academic scholarships available for international students. Additionally, F-1 students may apply for an on-campus job, for up to 20 hours per week. RBS will be offering qualified candidates hourly positions at RBS.
GMAT, GPA and TOEFL
What is your minimum GMAT, GRE, GPA, and TOEFL?
Applicants should refer to the class profile for current averages but are reminded that these are NOT minimum requirements. The minimum TOEFL score varies per program but the general range is between 90-100 IBT. Most RBS programs require a score of a 7 on the IELTS.
If I take the GMAT or GRE more than once, which score do you use?
You may retake the GMAT or GRE without penalty, and we will use your highest score.
Will you accept a GMAT or GRE score that is more than 5 years old?
No. We will only use scores from tests taken no longer than 5 years prior to the date of enrollment in Rutgers Business School: Graduate Programs.
Do you ever waive the GMAT or GRE?
For all master programs at RBS, the GMAT or GRE is not required for holders of a Ph.D., MD, JD and PharmD. In addition to this, each program has its own GMAT/GRE waiver criteria. Please visit that program’s admission page for more details. The MA in Taxation program, the MA in Governmental Accounting program, and the MS in Supply Chain do not require a GMAT or GRE.
Can I waive the TOEFL exam?
In general, the TOEFL is required from all applicants whose first language is not English. However, if you have completed an undergraduate or graduate degree in the U.S. the TOEFL is waived.
Applicants who have not completed a prior U.S. degree, but have been employed in the U.S. for a minimum of three years, may be waived on the basis of a satisfactory score on the verbal portion of the GMAT or GRE. This waiver is by permission of the appropriate program director.
How can I find out if my undergraduate school is AACSB accredited?  (Association for the Advancement of Collegiate Schools of Business)
Go to:
aacsb.edu
for a listing of accredited institutions.
Additional Topics
Can I apply to multiple programs at RBS?
Yes but you will need to submit an application and application materials for each program including an application fee for each program.
Do you have on-line programs?
The
MAACY in Governmental Accounting
and
Master of Supply Chain Management
programs are entirely online. The Fall and Spring semesters of the
MAACY Financial Accounting
program are also online.
How do I get to the Rutgers Business School locations?
1 Washington Park, Newark Campus
100 Rock, Livingston Campus
If I commute by train, how can I get to campus from Newark Penn Station or the Broad Street Station?
Take the subway (light rail) from Newark Penn Station to Atlantic Street or Broad Street by the Bears Stadium then cross Broad Street. From the Broad Street train station, walk 2-3 blocks to 1 Washington Park. (
Please click here for exact directions
.)
If I am currently on a visa, but live and pay taxes in New Jersey, can I be considered an in-state resident?
New Jersey residency regulations
do not recognize temporary work visas as evidence of residency. If you become a permanent resident during your studies, you will be granted in-state tuition the following semester if you are a NJ resident.
As a Rutgers graduate, do I need to have my transcripts sent to the Admissions Office?
Yes, contact
transcripts.rutgers.edu
and fill out a transcript request form.