URL: https://www.business.rutgers.edu/masters-financial-analysis
TITLE: Master of Financial Analysis | Rutgers Business School

Master of Financial Analysis
A year-long master's toward a CFA
Credit Hours
33
1
Year (avg)
Program Type
In-Person
Request Program Information
Upcoming Event:
Online Information Session
May 1, 2026
Register for Event
Admissions Deadline:
Fall 2026 (Full-Time Domestic Applicants)
August 01, 2026
(Full-Time International Applicants)
June 01, 2026
Start the Application Process
Official GMAT or GRE test results, taken within five years from the term of entrance, are required. Other exemptions and waivers may be available. Learn more by clicking Application Process.
If becoming a Chartered Financial Analyst is one of your career goals, the Master of Financial Analysis program will help you get there.
As a partner school of the CFA Institute, our program objective is to prepare you to successfully take and pass all levels of the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) exam. Whether pursuing full-time or part-time study, our courses ensure you are learning the necessary materials to take the exam and begin an
exciting career in finance
.
01
May
Master of Financial Analysis Information Session
Fri, May 01, 2026
8:00AM
-
9:00AM EDT
Join us to learn more about the program.
Your path toward a CFA.
Holding a CFA charter is one of the most prestigious accomplishments a professional in the finance industry can achieve.
Rutgers Business School’s Master of Financial Analysis (MFinA) program has been designed to help you achieve that goal. Rutgers Business School is one of only 53 CFA Institute Affiliated Schools to offer a one-year master degree that helps prepare students to take the CFA exam.
Program Highlights
MFinA is a STEM program allowing students up to 36 months of Optional Practical Training
You can complete the program in as little as one year as a full-time student or 20 months part time
Full-time and part-time course of study
CFA exam preparation
Career management and services
Intensive Business English course for international students and non-native English speakers
Download our factsheet
Our Location
Founded in 1766, Rutgers is the 8th oldest University in the United States and one of nine Colonial Colleges that includes Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Columbia. When you come to Rutgers, you will benefit from this tradition of academic excellence as well as enjoying our historic campus only 25 miles (41 kilometers) from New York City.
The Rutgers MFinA full-time program is taught at Rutgers Business School's building on the Livingston campus, one of five campuses that make up Rutgers University-New Brunswick, a secure, suburban campus in rural New Jersey. Students interested in the part-time program have the option of taking courses on the Livingston campus, on the Newark campus and any satellite campus locations.
Request Information
Sign up to our mailing list to receive information about the program.
Special Preparation for International Students
CFA exams are given only in English, the worldwide language of business. MFinA is designed to not only prepare students academically, but also to provide a way for students to improve their English proficiency. We do this by requiring some accepted students to take a Summer Intensive Business English (SIBE) program. Following completion of SIBE students should have a broader understanding of the English language making it more likely to perform better in finance classes as well as on the CFA exams.
Instructors from the
Chartered Financial Analyst Society of New York (CFASNY)
will teach a four day intensive CFA review session at our campus in late May (between spring finals and the early June CFA Level 1 exam). CFASNY is the largest and one of the oldest member societies of the CFA Institute. All instructors are CFA charter holders with years of experience preparing students to take the CFA exams.
See Curriculum
Play Video
Interested in Applying?
Learn more about tuition & fees, application deadlines, graduate admissions events and how to apply to the program by visiting the Admissions page.
Visit Admissions
Have questions?
Can't find what you're looking for? Please visit our
Frequently Asked Questions
page or
contact us directly
.
Frequently Asked Questions
Student & Alumni Voices
One of the most valuable things to which I was exposed was creating a financial model. I learned about different valuation methods from my courses, but being able to apply them in a real-world setting was a tremendous learning experience.
Neel Patel
I came to the U.S. for my master's degree directly after college in China. This program provided me many opportunities to learn skills before entering the real world of my professional career.
Catherine Ma
Since graduating with my degree, I was quickly promoted to a project manager position within my current company. I am confident that this progression would not have been possible if not for the MFinA program.
Chris Maniscalco
Hear directly from alumni of the program about their experiences with the program and the opportunities encountered in their pursuit of a career in the finance industry.
Alumni Stories: Vidhi Shah
Alumni Stories: Francisco Kuo
School News
Rutgers Master of Financial Analysis alumnus putting his best foot forward
“I've always wanted to work in Manhattan and be out on the east coast.” Andrew Harte
Read More
Recent employers of our graduates
Explore More
School News
New men’s basketball’s co-captain brings Ivy League degree and proven leadership skills
School News
Architect envisioned "life and energy" of new school as visible part of campus canvas
School News
New building gives Rutgers Business School a dramatic presence on Livingston Campus
Are you currently enrolled?
If you are a student currently enrolled in the Master of Financial Analysis program, find out more information about your program on the myRBS website.
Go to myRBS
Visit
Request Information
Admissions Process