URL: https://www.business.rutgers.edu/mba-professional-accounting
TITLE: MBA in Professional Accounting | Rutgers Business School

MBA in Professional Accounting
Credit Hours
49
1
Year
Program Type
Hybrid
Request Program Information
Admissions Deadline:
Summer 2025 (Domestic Applicants)
May 15, 2026
Start the Application Process
Learn more by clicking Application Process.
#1
Public business school in the Northeast,
Best MBA Programs of 2023
(
Fortune
, 2023)
#1
Accounting Information Systems (AIS) groups in auditing research - globally (
Brigham Young University (BYU)
, 2023)
#13
Top Public College for Accounting Salaries in the U.S. - (
Wall Street Journal
, 2023)
A Degree Designed for the Future of Accounting
*Pending STEM approval
As demand and interest in professional accountants continue to evolve, the MBA in Professional Accounting* (MBA PA) program has adapted to meet current market needs. Reduced from 66 to 49 credits, the program is now more affordable and flexible. The curriculum has been streamlined to improve existing content and remove redundancy, while still providing a high-quality education that can be completed in less time.
The program aims to prepare individuals with undergraduate degrees in arts, science, and business to transition into a career in accounting. The MBA PA provides three options that ensure you are qualified to sit for the New Jersey CPA exam.
Full-time study - Complete the program faster with less cost
Part-time study - Manage your schedule more effectively and gain more flexibility
Full-time study with optional 4th semester
- Qualify to sit for both the New Jersey and New York CPA exams and earn a second degree at the same time.
If you do not hold a US accounting degree and you are interested in transitioning into an accounting career, this program can help you reach your goal.
View the Curriculum
Program Highlights
1 year program (Full-Time)
Program starts in summer semester
49 credit program
Full-time and Part-time program options
Earn a 2nd master's degree with 4th semester option
Master of Accountancy in Accounting and Analytics
Eligible to sit for the New Jersey CPA exam
Access to comprehensive career counseling services
Access to a paid internship opportunity
Open to undergraduate business and non-business majors
Not applicable to US accounting degree holders
Program partnership with major accounting firms
A modern, industry-informed curriculum with an emphasis on practical learning
View Factsheet
Your path to the accounting profession.
With the MBA in Professional Accounting, you’re only 1 year away from an MBA at one of the country’s top business schools and being eligible to sit for the CPA exam. This versatile program enables individuals with no prior accounting background to transition into a successful accounting career.
Request Information
Sign up to our mailing list to receive information about the program.
Preparation for a Successful Career in Professional Accounting
Our Office of Career Management offers you a wide range of career counseling and resources to prepare you to launch an exciting accounting career. From resume reviews, mock interviews, job boards, and career fairs, Rutgers Business School provides a variety of opportunities to set you on the right path for a career in accounting.
Learn More About Career Services
Earn a Second Degree for New York State CPA Eligibility
Earn a second master’s degree in our Master of Accountancy in Accounting and Analytics (MACC AA) program and become eligible to sit for the New York CPA exam. After completing the MBA PA program, you can earn the remaining credits by pursuing a MACC Accounting and Analytics degree and applying a maximum of 12 credits of advanced standing from the MBA PA program.
The MACC Accounting and Analytics curriculum is centered on analytics and AI technologies, which are critical skills in the accounting profession today.
Learn More about the MACC Accounting and Analytics Program
Student & Alumni Voices
What was unexpected was the strong relationships I formed, the overwhelming support from the professors and staff, and my success both academically, and in finding the job that I wanted.
Stephanie L. Giordano
Alumni | Eisner Amper
I wanted to change careers, but I didn't want to be in school for years. I liked the idea that the MBA was 14-months long, and that it was designed for people who didn't have a business background.
Scott Lissner
Alumni | KPMG
This program was a game changer for me. In about two years, I went from leaving my job as a high school band director to now starting as an audit assistant at Deloitte.
Douglas Schwarz
Alumni | Deloitte
Contact Us
If you have any questions, please contact the Office of MBA Recruitment/MBA PA staff at (973) 353-1234 or
rutgersmba@business.rutgers.edu
.
Email Us
Accounting Programs Comparison
Rutgers Business School offers a variety of accounting programs based on your background and future career goals.
Find out which accounting program is right for you.
Compare
Want to compare MBA programs?
Rutgers Business School offers a variety of MBA programs based on your background and future career goals. Find out which one could be the best fit for you.
Compare
Connect with us!
Visit
Request Information
Admissions Process