URL: https://www.business.rutgers.edu/undergraduate-new-brunswick
TITLE: Undergraduate Program in New Brunswick | Rutgers Business School

Undergraduate Program in New Brunswick
#16
Best Public Undergraduate Business Programs, 2024 (
Poets & Quants
)
#5
Undergraduate Supply Chain Management Program in North America, 2022 (
Gartner
)
Top 15
Return-on-Investment, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 (
Poets & Quants
)
One of the best returns-on-investment in the U.S.
The Rutgers Business School Undergraduate-New Brunswick program educates students for an ever-changing global economy. Our leadership in New Jersey and strong corporate reputation help our industry-connected professors and dedicated career management team prepare business school students to work at world-class companies.
A Long History of Being Awesome
Founded in 1766, Rutgers is the 8th oldest University in America and one of nine Colonial Colleges that includes Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Columbia. This tradition of academic excellence led to Rutgers becoming the State University of New Jersey, making it not only one of the best returns-on-investments in the U.S., but New Jersey's premiere public university.
Find Your Major
Rutgers Business School: Undergraduate-New Brunswick offers major programs that lead to a Bachelor of Science degree in the following areas:
Accounting
Business Analytics and Information Technology
Finance
Leadership and Management
Marketing
Supply Chain Management
View More Areas of Study for the Program
Program Benefits
The undergraduate program has additional benefits to help students reach their academic and career goals. Learn more about these great opportunities that are designed to ensure student success.
Mentoring Programs
Road to Success Programs
Companies Want Rutgers Students
Rutgers Business School has gained a reputation for excellence and we are continuing to improve.
Admitting top-performing students directly from high school, as well as transfer students from within Rutgers and other universities and colleges, allows us to provide a superior business education to a larger number of qualified students.
More and more companies are interested in hiring our students because they know the value they will gain. These employers not only count on the high academic level of our students but also on their motivation and work ethic.
Learn More About Career Management
Mission
To provide a high-quality, program of study for students wishing to pursue professional careers in industry and public accounting firms, to expand the university’s research efforts in the areas of business and managerial issues, to encourage faculty in business studies to serve the business and government communities, and to participate in professional associations.
Student & Alumni Voices
When I first transferred into Rutgers Business School, I was relieved to discover a strong support system. I have been able to grow personally as well as professionally. At RBS, you become energized by the passionate, motivated people around you.
Christina Marie Rogado
Marketing Major
Rutgers Business School has given me an opportunity to engage in meaningful learning with a diverse group of professors and students.
Cheran Amir Perrine Rollins
Finance Major
Rutgers Business School has incredible faculty members who have had successful corporate careers. They have so much to share – knowledge, real-world experiences and even industry connections. What better way to learn?
Harinder Mundi
Marketing, Supply Chain Management
Explore More
School News
Student finds the right answer in his choice to study accounting
School News
Road to Supply Chain Leadership helps propel senior into select J&J leadership program
School News
Sophomore is creative force behind social media marketing campaign for Zimmerli Museum
Are you currently enrolled?
If you are a student currently enrolled in the Undergraduate New Brunswick program, find out more information about your program on the myRBS website.
Go to myRBS
Visit
Contact Us
Apply