URL: https://www.business.rutgers.edu/visit/newark
TITLE: Newark | Rutgers Business School

Newark
Play Video
Newark Campus: Directions to 1 Washington Park
Arriving via Car
Note: all visitors/applicants/alumni of the Rutgers Executive MBA Program will be sent a link by the
Rutgers EMBA office
to park in lot 506 as this program operates on weekends.
The IDT Corporate Parking Garage (Bottom-Right) is a short walk west along Bridge Street to 1 Washington Park (top-left).
See Google Maps
.
If you are visiting for a specific event, please first reference the event listing for specific parking details. All other visitors may park at the
IDT Corporate Parking Garage, 20-32 Atlantic Street, Newark, NJ 07102
or any other pay-by-the-hour lots around the building. There is also metered parking on the street.
Please note that Rutgers will not reimburse your parking fee
. See
Google Maps
to locate the IDT Corporate Parking Garage.
Coming from New Jersey Turnpike or Route 95 (North or South)
Take exit 15W to Route 280 - West. After drawbridge, take Exit 14B (ML King Blvd.).
At bottom of the exit ramp, turn right and continue to 1st traffic light.
Make sharp right turn onto University Avenue.
Proceed to 4th traffic signal and make a left turn onto Central Avenue.
Proceed 1 block and make a left turn at traffic light onto Washington Street.
Proceed on Washington Street to 3rd traffic signal (Washington changes to Bridge Street after crossing Broad Street).
Make a right turn at traffic signal onto Atlantic Street and the IDT Parking Garage will be on the left.
Coming from Garden State Parkway (North or South)
Take exit 145 to Route 280 East, Newark-Harrison.
Once on Route 280, stay in the right lane, following signs for Harrison.
Continue to Exit 14, King Blvd. Take this exit and make a right at the 1st light onto King Blvd (ML King Jr. Blvd.).
Proceed to 3rd traffic signal and make a left turn onto Central Avenue.
Proceed to 2nd traffic signal and make a left turn onto Washington Street.
Proceed on Washington Street to 3rd traffic signal (Washington changes to Bridge Street after crossing Broad Street).
Make a right turn at traffic signal onto Atlantic Street and the IDT Parking Garage will be on the left.
Walking from the IDT Parking Garage to 1 Washington Park
Turn right out of the garage and walk to Bridge Street.
Turn left onto Bridge Street, heading West towards Broad Street.
Cross over Broad Street (and the trolley tracks) and then over Washington Street and you will see Rutgers Business School (1 Washington Park) in front of you. The main entrance has a silver awning underneath the scrolling stock ticker.
Arriving via Train
Broad Street Station
If you're traveling along
New Jersey Transit
's Montclair-Boonton or Morris and Essex line, exit the train at the Broad Street Station stop.
Walk downstairs to the ground level and locate Broad Street. (You may notice two main streets traveling alongside each other; the bigger one is Broad Street.)
With your back to the elevated train tracks, look South down Broad Street and locate the tall brown building in the distance with the Rutgers Business School sign on the roof. This is 1 Washington Park.
Start walking South on Broad Street crossing Lackawanna Avenue first and Orange Street second. (Along this path you'll notice trolley tracks running parallel to the sidewalk. Another helpful landmark is the Newark Bears baseball stadium across Broad Street on your left.)
Keep walking South on Broad Street and along the side of 1 Washington Park until you reach the Rutgers Business School entrance under the scrolling stock ticker.
Total walking time is 5 to 8 minutes.
Newark Penn Station
If you're traveling along
New Jersey Transit
's Northeast Corridor, North Jersey Coast Line, or Raritan Valley Line, or if you're traveling on the
PATH
train, exit the train at the Newark Penn Station stop.
Walk downstairs and follow the signs to the Newark City Subway, also known as the
Newark Light Rail
, the entrance of which is next to McDonalds.
If you don't already have a ticket (or monthly pass), purchase a ticket from one of the blue and orange kiosks in the corridor. The station stop you'll be riding to is Atlantic Street Station.
You must validate
this ticket prior to boarding the train using one of the timestamp machines further down the corridor.
When you approach the platform entrances, walk down the stairs to
Platform 2
(trains traveling to Broad Street Station).
Board the next train on Platform 2 and exit the train at Atlantic Street Station.
Turn left out of the train and walk to Bridge Street.
Turn left onto Bridge Street, heading West towards Broad Street.
Cross over Broad Street (and the trolley tracks) and then over Washington Street and you will see Rutgers Business School (1 Washington Park) in front of you. The main entrance has a silver awning underneath the scrolling stock ticker.