URL: https://www.neeley.tcu.edu/BBA/MOS-Certification
TITLE: MOS Certification - Neeley School of Business

Section Menu
The Experience
The TCU Neeley Difference
Student Clubs
Majors, Minors and Certificates
Start Your Journey
Standard Admission Requirements
Transfer Admission Requirements
Change of Major Requirements
Current Students
Path to Graduation
Neeley Microsoft Certification
FAQ
Academic Advising
Neeley Navigators
Our Team
Study Abroad
Scholarships
Banos D'Souza Scholarship
Going the Distance
Suit Up – Lead On
Career Growth
TCU Core Curriculum
Leaders Unscripted
Neeley Student Success Team
Differential Tuition
Home
>
BBA
>
MOS Certification
All Students: Microsoft Certification
Microsoft Certification FAQ
Microsoft Office 365 certification is required for all business majors
to provide you with advanced skills employers want.
You must pass PowerPoint and Excel in your first year by the published deadline to continue as a business student beyond the first year. Excel is a prerequisite for INSC 20153.
All students entering Summer/Fall 2025 must pass the Excel Exam by November 14, 2025 and the PowerPoint exam by March 27, 2026.
All students entering Spring 2026 must pass the Excel
AND
PowerPoint exams by March 27, 2026.
Testing Schedule/Registration
Tests are offered on weekdays only. Prep classes are offered weekly. Sign up for either through your account at
my.tcu.edu
, Academic Progress, Neeley, Microsoft Test/Prep. Read the add/drop policy carefully.
You must sign up once for each test.
Each test takes approximately 50 minutes.
You will receive your results immediately upon completing each test, along with a printed score report.
Cost
$75.00 per test per attempt.
$125.00 for each prep class. (If you fail the test after taking a prep class, you may retake
the class
at no charge within 30 days of your original class. Call 817-257-5220 to schedule your retake.)
If you cannot make it to your test/class appointment, cancel at least 48 hours in advance by calling 817-257-5220. If you fail to cancel in time, you will be billed for the test.
Scholarships
Scholarships are available to cover the costs of the prep classes. Call 817-257-5220 or email
SBUMOS@tcu.edu
for more information.
Special Accommodations
You must provide documentation from a physician detailing the extent of your disability and requirements for accommodation. Learn more by calling 817-257-5220 or email
SBUMOS@tcu.edu
.
Military Reimbursement
Service members and veterans may be eligible for military reimbursement for Microsoft Office certification exam fees. Learn more by contacting VA Education Customer Service at 888-442-4551.
Other Testing Centers
Taking your exam outside of TCU is allowed. Locate a
Certiport testing center
in your area. Neeley will only accept Microsoft Office 365 certifications.
You can send an
Authenticated Digital Transcript of Certifications
to
SBUMOS@tcu.edu
, please include your TCU student ID number.
What types of problems appear on the exam?
Excel Objectives
PowerPoint Objectives
How do I get accommodations on the exam?
You must
apply for accommodations through Certiport
. It can take 10 business days for them to make a decision.
What if I passed in high school or at another location?
You can send an
Authenticated Digital Transcript of Certifications
to SBUMOS@tcu.edu. Neeley will only accept Microsoft Office 365 certifications.
How do I
sign up for a test
?
How do I know what test I signed up for?
In the my.TCU Portal a Test/Exam is a testing appointment only. You will choose which test you take when you sign in at the kiosk before the test.
Can I take both exams in the first semester?
Yes, we recommend getting this requirement completed as soon as possible.
Are prep classes required?
Prep classes are not required but are highly recommended. 61% pass on their first attempt after taking the prep class and only 36% pass on the first attempt without. You can also meet one on one with the instructor if you need extra help.
If I am getting emails about the deadline, do I need to take the exam?
Yes, if you are getting weekly emails, we show you have not completed the requirement. Once completed you will no longer get the weekly emails for that semester. Fall semester emails are for Excel, spring semester emails are for PowerPoint or both if you enrolled in the spring. Contact
SBUMOS@tcu.edu
if you feel we have incorrect information.
What if I have a hold on my account?
Contact
SBUMOS@tcu.edu
to schedule a test or class.
Computer Requirements
Open the section
All Students: Computer Policy