URL: https://www.neeley.tcu.edu/BBA/FAQ
TITLE: New Undergraduate Student FAQ - Neeley School of Business

Section Menu
The Experience
The TCU Neeley Difference
Student Clubs
Majors, Minors and Certificates
Start Your Journey
Standard Admission Requirements
Transfer Admission Requirements
Change of Major Requirements
Current Students
Path to Graduation
Neeley Microsoft Certification
FAQ
Academic Advising
Neeley Navigators
Our Team
Study Abroad
Scholarships
Banos D'Souza Scholarship
Going the Distance
Suit Up – Lead On
Career Growth
TCU Core Curriculum
Leaders Unscripted
Neeley Student Success Team
Differential Tuition
Home
>
BBA
>
FAQ
Can I take courses as Pass/No Credit?
You may take up to 6 semester hours on a Pass/No Credit basis. However, no course applied to your major, minor or associated requirements may be taken as Pass/No Credit. Required business core courses may NOT be taken on a Pass/No Credit basis.
What math credits do I need?
MATH 10283 Applied Calculus is required for business majors. The prerequisite is MATH 10273 or MATH 10054 with a grade of “C” or better, high school pre-calculus and a score of 600 or higher on the SAT Math Test, or 24 or higher on the ACT Math.
MATH 10524 Calculus I may also satisfy the business school math requirement.
AP score of 3, 4 or 5 in the Calculus AB Exam is equivalent to MATH 10524.
Credit will NOT be given for both MATH 10283 and MATH 10524.
What do I need to do to take a course at another university?
Permission through the Transfer Credit Request process is required before you can take courses outside of TCU for credit transfer. Information can be found
here
.
How about a double major?
If it fits your interests and career goals, we encourage you to explore other majors both business and non-business. Double majors are not for everyone, so make sure you discuss your options with your advisor and the career center, as well as the department that you are interested in. Be aware that adding majors can sometimes affect graduation time.
Can the same course apply to both my major and my minor?
No, with one exception: If you earned credit for ACCT 20353 before declaring your general business minor, you may substitute that course for ACCT 20653 in the minor requirements.
Can I graduate in four years?
TCU requires a minimum of 124 hours to earn a degree, so a four-year degree is attainable by taking approximately 15 hours a semester.
Can I take 18 hours?
We don’t recommend it, but we understand that there are times when it might be necessary. If you are a graduating senior and it is your last semester, you will need to complete an academic overload form from the Neeley Academic Advising Center and have it signed by your advisor. Otherwise, you will need to wait until the first day of class to enroll in more than 17 hours.
If I took a Lower-Division Requirement at another university, does the grade count?
The grade will not count toward your official TCU GPA. The grade will be used to calculate your Lower-Division Requirements GPA.
I want to minor in business. Can I meet with a TCU Neeley advisor?
Our academic advisors focus on our many business majors. Students should contact their primary Advisor in their College to review all minors.
See general business minor courses
How do I change my business major or minor?
Watch step-by-step video instructions
What is group advising? Do I have to go?
Group advising is a 45- to 50-minute session where your TCU Neeley advisors go over important information to keep you on track in the business school. Group advising is mandatory. If you miss your session, you’ll have to wait to be advised and have your account hold removed. During group advising, we will work with you individually and help you create your schedule for the upcoming semester.
Do I need to schedule a one-on-one appointment with my advisor to get my classes for next semester?
No. Group advising counts as your mandatory advising for the semester.  Advising is mandatory for your first four semesters at TCU. An advising hold will be placed on your account during the first four semesters preventing course enrollment until you have met with their academic advisor.
Can I register before I am advised?
No. The only way to remove your advising hold so you can register is to attend your advising session.
How do I sign up for group advising?
Stop by the Neeley Academic Advising Center or call 817-257-6772. Find preparation instructions on the
advising appointment page
.
How do I get an appointment with an advisor?
Your advisor is happy to meet with you once you have been admitted as a pre-business major. Contact the Neeley Academic Advising Center at 817-257-6772 to schedule an appointment.
How do I know which classes prior to attending TCU will transfer?
When TCU receives your transcripts and you are admitted, you will receive an articulation form. This shows everything you have previously taken and how it counts at TCU. When meeting with your advisor, make sure you specify any courses that may be in progress and not yet on your articulation form.
Business courses are not automatically approved and may need a course syllabus to determine their equivalency.
Does my GPA transfer?
Your cumulative GPA from your previous institution does not transfer over to your TCU GPA. However, any lower-division courses you have transferred in will be calculated internally into your Lower-Division Requirements GPA. Students must have a 2.75 GPA in their lower-division courses to advance to their Neeley major.
Do I have to go to orientation?
Orientation is strongly recommended. You will gain valuable information that will make your transition smoother. Also, you will not be able to register for classes until you meet with an academic advisor.