URL: https://www.neeley.tcu.edu/BBA/COVID-FAQ
TITLE: COVID FAQ - Neeley School of Business

Home
>
BBA
>
COVID FAQ
Because of the unusual circumstances this semester, we expect students will need some extra guidance in finding answers to their questions. This webpage answers frequently asked questions about online and in-person classes, health and safety, admission to Neeley, and the services offered by Academic Advising, the Alcon Career Center, and the Professional Development Center. Click on the tabs below for specific answers to your questions.
Online and In-person Class
Health and Safety
Academic Advising
Applying to Neeley
Transferring into Neeley
Study Abroad
Professional Development Center
Alcon Career Center, Student Jobs, and Internships
What is the difference between the different course modalities for Spring 2021?
There are four modes of instruction for Spring 2021:
In Person (P): This is the only dual-mode option. Instructors teach students in person in the classroom and simultaneously online.
Online (ON): Instructors teach entirely online. Students may connect from anywhere, including on campus. Most classes are “synchronous,” meaning students meet as a class for virtual face-to-face instruction for at least 80% of class time.
In-Person Only (IO): This new mode provides teaching to students in a classroom without an online audience. Lectures will be recorded solely for students with an approved accommodation, students who must miss class due to self-isolation or quarantine, or other reasons approved by the instructor. IO classes are not available for students to take in online mode. In other words, if you will be an online-only student, you MAY NOT enroll in IO courses.
Alternating (AL): In this new mode, the instructor teaches at least one weekly lecture to all students in person, without an online audience and possibly without recording the lecture. The instructor teaches the other one or two weekly lectures to all students online. AL classes are not available for students if they are not able to attend the one weekly on-campus lecture.
How do I determine whether my course is in-person, online, in-person only, or alternating?
Please visit
Class Search
. When you search for a class, there is an added column that indicates instruction mode.
Can I register for two online classes that are offered at the same time?
No. All online classes offered in Neeley must be at least 80% synchronous. That means that although they will be taught remotely, the vast majority of class sessions will feature live instruction so that faculty and students can interact in real time.
If I am an on-campus student taking an in-person class, can I choose to participate in some sessions online?
Synchronous online access will not be provided for students enrolled in in-person only classes. If you are unable to attend class, you should contact your instructor prior to class to determine what options will be available to you.
What is the attendance policy for the different teaching modalities?
As in a typical semester, instructors have discretion to set the attendance policies for their courses. In other words, the attendance policy will vary from class to class. You should be able to find the attendance policy in the course syllabus. If you have questions about the policy for any course, contact the instructor for clarification. Regardless of the policy, it is preferable to inform your instructors of an absence
prior
to class, if at all possible.
Am I required to wear a face covering on campus and in class? What if I don't want to wear a mask?
Face coverings are required on campus, unless you are alone in your private office or dorm room. Students will be expected to practice physical distancing and wear protective face coverings at all times while in public spaces on the TCU campus. Failing to do so in the classroom could result in the student being asked to leave the room. Additionally, the instructor has the option to terminate the class period if students do not wear required masks or practice physical distancing.
What do I do if I feel ill?
If you have a fever (over 100° F), new cough, new shortness of breath or difficulty breathing, new chills, new muscle aches, sore throat, headache, diarrhea, or new loss of taste or smell,
DO NOT COME TO CLASS
. You
must
self-quarantine and consult with the Brown Lupton Health Center at 817-257-7949 for further guidance.
In addition, you must notify the Campus Life Office immediately at 817-257-7926. Campus Life will inform your professors that you are unable to attend class, and provide any assistance and support needed. Click here for detailed information concerning COVID-19 symptoms:
https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus
.
We also recommend you personally contact your instructors (via email or phone)
as soon as possible
to let them know of your situation.
If you are unwell, but are not exhibiting potential COVID-19-related symptoms, please notify your instructors as soon as possible that you are ill and will not be attending class.
What if I have been exposed to COVID-19?
DO NOT COME TO CLASS
. If you think you may have been exposed to COVID-19, you must self-quarantine and consult with the Brown Lupton Health Center at 817-257-7949 for further guidance.
In addition, you must notify the Campus Life Office immediately at 817-257-7926. Campus Life will inform your professors that you are unable to attend class, and provide any assistance and support needed. Click here for detailed information concerning COVID-19 symptoms:
https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus
.
We also recommend you personally contact your instructors (via email or phone)
as soon as possible
to let them know of your situation.
You can find a detailed decision tree of what to do if you have been exposed to COVID-19
here
.
What if I test positive for COVID-19?
DO NOT COME TO CLASS
. If you test positive for COVID-19 but were not tested at the TCU Health Center, call the TCU COVID-19 Hotline at 817-257-2684 to report your results and speak with a Care Coordinator.
You should also notify the Campus Life Office immediately at 817-257-7926. Campus Life will inform your professors that you are unable to attend class, and provide any assistance and support needed. Click here for detailed information concerning COVID-19 symptoms:
https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus
.
We also recommend you personally contact your instructors (via email or phone)
as soon as possible
to let them know of your situation.
A detailed decision tree of what to do after being tested for COVID-19 can be found
here
.
What if I become too ill to attend class?
Contact your instructors to inform them of your situation.
You should also reconnect with the Campus Life Office at 817-257-7926. Campus Life will provide any assistance and support needed. You may also call the TCU COVID-19 Hotline at 817-257-2684 to report your change of status and speak with a Care Coordinator.
What if my in-person instructor is exposed to COVID-19 or becomes ill?
If your in-person instructor is unable to attend class on campus, he/she will move the class online. Classes have been designed with this possibility in mind, and it is expected that such transitions will be less disruptive than they were in the spring.
What if my instructor becomes too ill to teach at all?
Back-up plans are in place for all courses. Although those plans vary by department and course, it is likely that another faculty member will take over for as long as necessary. Back-up plans have been developed with the goal of minimizing disruption to the students in the event that an instructor is unable to teach. If your instructor is absent from class for two or more sessions without any notification or explanation, please contact the Neeley Dean’s office at 817-257-7225 or 817-257-7511.
Where can I find TCU-wide information related to COVID-19?
Detailed information on TCU’s plans and protocols can be found
here
.
Who is my academic advisor?
Find who your advisor is by following these steps:
Log in to
my.tcu.edu
> click
Student Center
(top left drop down) > advisor information will be located on right side of the screen.
How do I make an appointment with my academic advisor?
Email your academic advisor for directions on how to make an appointment.
Do the academic advisors take walk-in appointments?
There will be a few times set aside in which advisors will accept walk-in virtual advising appointments. Otherwise, though, the answer is no for Spring 2021. To facilitate TCU’s efforts at contact tracing, academic advising is requiring all students to book an appointment in advance. Email your advisor for directions on how to make an appointment.
Given social distancing requirements, how can I meet with my academic advisor?
To ensure the safety of students and staff, all academic advising appointments will be conducted virtually until further notice. Students may choose from email, phone, or Zoom appointments.
I just have a quick, logistical question (e.g. where is my class located, how do I minor, etc.).
Neeley Navigators are current Neeley students available to help you with quick questions now – without needing to wait for an advisor. Don’t worry, if your question requires professional advice, they will promptly refer you to make an appointment with your assigned academic advisor.
How do I find my degree requirements?
Find your degree requirements by following these steps:
Log in to
my.tcu.edu
>
Academic Progress
>
Degree Progress Core Inquiry
What is the P/NC Policy?
No course applied to the student’s major, minor or associated requirements may be taken on the P/NC basis. Students in the Neeley School of Business may not take any course in the lower-division business sequence or in the upper-division business core on the P/NC basis.
I am applying to Neeley this semester. What do I do?
This is great news. The first thing to do is to check if you meet the
minimum requirements
to apply. If you do, you may submit an application for Neeley admission during the time Neeley is accepting applications. The application is available through
my.tcu.edu
under
Academic Progress > Neeley > Neeley Application.
Within
three days
of your application being submitted you will receive an email indicating you have been enrolled in an
Entering Neeley
course shell in
TCU Online
which will guide you through your Entering Neeley Experience.
What are the Neeley admission requirements?
Students are required to complete the following courses/criteria by the end of their first year:
ENGL 10803
MATH 10286
ECON 10223
ECO 10233
BUSI 10153 + BUSI 10151
24 total credit hours
2.75 TCU Cumulative GPA
Completion of Microsoft PowerPoint and Excel Certifications
Remaining Neeley admissions requirements needed prior to Neeley major admission include:
ENGL 20803
MANA 20153
INSC 20263
ACCT 20353
INSC 20153
3.0 Cumulative TCU GPA
2.5 Lower Division Requirement GPA
Neeley Admissions Application
Resume in Neeley Format
Speaker Event
Synchronous Interview
Asynchronous Interview
I have questions about Microsoft Office certifications.
For questions about Microsoft Office Certification and Prep Classes, please email
MOSQuestions@tcu.edu
.
I want to change to a Neeley major. What do I need to do?
Please visit our website with detailed
internal change of major
steps and information.
If I am transferring into Neeley, do I still need to apply for admission to Neeley?
Yes. Please see the information in the “Applying to Neeley” section of the FAQs. Be aware that your schedule for applying to Neeley as a transfer student may be different from that of students who start at TCU as Pre-business first-year students. To determine when you should apply to Neeley, you should consult with your academic advisor.
Can I study abroad spring 2021?
Please visit the
Center for International Studies
for the most up-to-date information regarding study abroad options at TCU.
Will students be able to make appointments with coaches and staff in the Professional Development Center?
Yes. The Neeley Professional Development Center is open and will provide its usual services in support of your professional success. Following university guidelines, most appointments will be managed virtually. You can request an appointment by accessing the
PDC Book Appointment
form
.
How do I contact the Professional Development Center?
Email:
pdc@tcu.edu
Text or call: 817-257-7539
Appointment requests are handled using the
PDC Book Appointment
form.
Does the Professional Development Center take walk-in appointments?
For fall 2020, the answer is no. To facilitate TCU’s efforts at contact tracing, the Professional Development Center is requiring all students to book an appointment in advance. Depending on demand, however, it still may be possible to book same-day appointments. Appointment requests are handled using the
PDC Book Appointment form
.
How can I get help improving my résumé?
We recommend updating your résumé at the start of each academic year and any time you assume a position within a student organization. Your résumé will be stronger and have greater impact if you allocate time to develop and refine it well in advance of when you will need it for applying to internships or jobs.
Step 1:
Review our résumé booklet to be sure your résumé is correctly formatted and contains the correct headings.
Link to Résumés and Cover Letters Booklet
Step 2:
Submit your correctly formatted resume to the
PDC Résumé Center
.
Link to the PDC Résumé Center
Step 3:
You will receive personalized suggestions via email from a PDC staff member within 48 hours; take time to review and edit as you deem appropriate. This is your résumé, you decide what changes make the most sense, we provide suggestions for you to consider.
A note on multiple reviews
You may submit your résumé for review multiple times as long as you are making edits based on our feedback between submissions.
Your résumé is a highly individualized document that showcases your experiences and skills. As such, it requires thoughtful attention and time—more time than students typically allow. Creating and refining your résumé under pressure will not yield the same result as when you prioritize the time to invest in this important professional document.
Can I still request mock interviews or case interviews?
Absolutely. Interviewing is a critical skill that takes time to develop. This is not a one and done skill area. We can prepare you for behavioral interviews, case interviews, panel interviews, and we develop customized interviews when necessary. We match you with a PDC staff person based on your background, experience, and level of development.
Request your mock interview by using the
PDC Book Appointment
form
.
How can the Professional Development Center help me become a more competitive candidate for internships and jobs?
The most successful Neeley students do not wait until they think they need help, they take advantage of the resources throughout their time in Neeley. Do you have a LinkedIn page? Do you know how to network? Are you assertive within a team? Can you effectively delegate? Are you comfortable leading a team? Would you rather see the dentist than give a presentation? There are multiple ways we can support your success by helping you identify meaningful professional goals and creating an action plan that is realistic and achievable. This will ensure you are ready when opportunities strike.
Request a
Skills Development
appointment using the
PDC Book Appointment
form
.
I don't see an answer to my question. What do I do?
We have a more complete
PDC webpage
where you will likely find answers to your questions. However, if you do not see what you are looking for, contact us via email at
pdc@tcu.edu
or by texting or calling 817-257-7539.
Will students be able to meet with people in the Alcon Career Center?
Yes, the Alcon Career Center will be open and available to support students. Services include career consulting appointments, employer engagement/recruiting events, employer interviews, and career preparation workshops. We will provide these services in either an online or in-person format depending on university and/or college and departmental guidelines. Student appointments will be scheduled
via Handshake
or call 817-257-5572.
Does the Alcon Career Center take walk-in appointments?
For spring 2021, the answer is no. To facilitate TCU’s efforts at contact tracing, the Alcon Career Center is requiring all students to book an appointment in advance. Depending on demand, however, it still may be possible to book same-day appointments. You may schedule an appointment with the Alcon Career Center
via Handshake
or call 817-257-5572.
Will students be able to find a job or internship on or off-campus?
We are here to help. Both on-campus and off-campus jobs/internships are posted and updated
in Handshake
. If you need to complete the employment verification process for an on-campus job, please contact
careers@tcu.edu
. Additional details regarding on-campus employment are
available here
. You can use Handshake to schedule career advising appointments and look for off-campus professional opportunities.
Will students be able to meet with employers?
This spring, we will host a number of employer programs and events, including a spring career fair and multiple industry, topic, or major-specific events. There will be a mix of in-person and virtual recruiting activities taking place throughout the semester. Update your
Handshake profile
, and check the site often for new event notifications.
Will students be able to network and build connections?
Employers and alumni love recruiting at TCU. You will have numerous opportunities to develop your professional network via panels, networking events, career fairs, and online platforms. This spring we will also welcome undergraduate students to meet with alumni through the new
HornedFrogsConnect
platform as well. Our
team
of career professionals is available to help you find networking connections.
When should I start looking for my first internship?
It is never too early to begin looking for an internship. Some organizations almost exclusively fill entry-level, post-graduation positions with prior interns. Industries have different norms about when they start recruiting for interns. To learn more about when and how to look for internships, schedule an appointment with the Alcon Career Center
via Handshake
or call 817-257-5572.