URL: https://www.neeley.tcu.edu/BBA/The-TCU-Neeley-Difference
TITLE: TCU BBA Experience - Neeley School of Business

Section Menu
The Experience
The TCU Neeley Difference
Student Clubs
Majors, Minors and Certificates
Start Your Journey
Standard Admission Requirements
Transfer Admission Requirements
Change of Major Requirements
Current Students
Path to Graduation
Neeley Microsoft Certification
FAQ
Academic Advising
Neeley Navigators
Our Team
Study Abroad
Scholarships
Banos D'Souza Scholarship
Going the Distance
Suit Up – Lead On
Career Growth
TCU Core Curriculum
Leaders Unscripted
Neeley Student Success Team
Differential Tuition
Home
>
BBA
>
The TCU Neeley Difference
Your experience as a TCU Neeley undergraduate includes much more than classrooms and curriculum. Take advantage of opportunities to enhance your education and stand out to prospective employers. There’s a true return on investment with a Neeley School education. Watch to learn firsthand about our undergraduate student experience.
Navigate Your Education
It can be tricky navigating the requirements of the BBA, let alone choosing and planning the path that’s right for you. Our team at the Neeley Academic Advising Center is here for you:
Explain degree requirements and resources
Help you select a business major and minor
Create a plan for your interests and career goals
Assess your academic progress and connect you with resources
Connect with our Advising Team
Build Your Professional Skills
The Neeley Professional Development Center helps you develop skills to polish your professional brand. Build a standout résumé. Nail the interview. Own a room. Manage difficult people. You’ll develop skills that seem intangible but make all the difference in the real world.
Learn About the Center
Hone Your Leadership Skills
The BNSF Neeley Leadership program is a three-year program that combines classroom knowledge with activities focused on personal, professional, career and leadership development.
If you apply and are selected, you’ll enter as a sophomore. You must have a minimum 3.2 GPA to apply.
Explore Program
Join the Honors Program
Neeley Fellows is a three-year academic program challenging top business students to stretch beyond their already competitive coursework in an interactive environment that echoes our MBA program. Develop enhanced business skills, career management, communication, and global and ethical leadership skills.
If you apply and are selected, you’ll enter as a sophomore. You must have a minimum 3.5 GPA each semester of your first year to apply.
Explore Program
Connect and Learn from Alumni
The Neeley Mentorship program is a 10-week program that connects successful alumni mentors with sophomore business students – a critical point for students in their professional development. Our mentors serve as advisors and allies, helping students expand their professional skills, explore potential careers, and gain access across industries. Student applications open at the beginning of every fall semester.
Explore Mentorship Program
Invest Real Stocks
Want to experience the real ups and downs of the stock market? Here’s your chance. The TCU Educational Investment Fund gives select undergraduate and graduate students the power to make all the decisions of investing a $1 million-plus portfolio, with dividends that support worthy causes.
Learn About the Fund
Earn Global Experience
Fast-growing technology increasingly connects our world, which makes global experience crucial to business majors. Take part in your choice of study abroad opportunities around the world to provide you with firsthand experience.
See Study Abroad Opportunities
Connect with the Horned Frog Community
The more involved you are in your education on a social level, the more benefits you will reap. TCU Neeley offers a variety of student clubs related to our majors and more.
Join a Club
Grow Your Career
The Alcon Career Center is an extension of the TCU Center for Career & Professional Development devoted exclusively to TCU Neeley undergraduate students and alumni. We provide guidance, resources and workshops to help put your degree, skills, interests and experience to work for your ideal career path.
Explore Our Career Center