URL: https://www.neeley.tcu.edu/BBA/Academic-Advising/Neeley-Navigators
TITLE: Neeley Navigators - Neeley School of Business

Section Menu
The Experience
The TCU Neeley Difference
Student Clubs
Majors, Minors and Certificates
Start Your Journey
Standard Admission Requirements
Transfer Admission Requirements
Change of Major Requirements
Current Students
Path to Graduation
Neeley Microsoft Certification
FAQ
Academic Advising
Neeley Navigators
Our Team
Study Abroad
Scholarships
Banos D'Souza Scholarship
Going the Distance
Suit Up – Lead On
Career Growth
TCU Core Curriculum
Leaders Unscripted
Neeley Student Success Team
Differential Tuition
Home
>
BBA
>
Academic Advising
>
Neeley Navigators
Neeley Navigators
Neeley Navigators are upper-class business students trained to answer your questions about prerequisites, curriculum, classroom experience, resources and more. But more than that, they will share their unique perspectives about the Neeley School of Business community.
Come visit the Neeley Navigators in the advising suite NEEL 2213, or email
neeleynavigators@tcu.edu
.
*Neeley Navigators will not discuss an advisee’s grades or individualized student plans and are not meant to replace the professional advisors. Neeley Navigators are selected for the program through a competitive application process in the spring semester.
Neeley Navigator's Executive Board
Edie Bass
President
Hi, I'm Edie Bass and I'll be serving as President for the 2025-2026 Neeley Navigators!! I'm from Nashville, TN and I'm a Marketing and Communications with Sales Certificate major. Some of my hobbies are working out and being with friends and family.
Ava Scotchie
VP of Recruitment
Hi, I'm Ava Scotchie and I will be serving as VP of Recruitment for the 2025-2026 Neeley Navigators! I am a Double Major in Supply Chain and Value Management and Finance. I am from Chattanooga, TN and I enjoy golfing, skiing, and baking in my freetime.
Lily Voralath
VP of Marketing
Hi, I'm Lily Voralath and I'll be serving as VP of Marketing for the 2025-2026 Neeley Navigators! I'm from Grapevine, TX and I'm a Finance and Marketing Double Major. Some of my hobbies are playing tennis and pickleball.
Virginia Caldwell
VP of Membership
I am Virginia Caldwell and I will be serving as VP of Membership for the 2025-2026 Neeley Navigators! I am a Finance major with an Accounting minor, Fintech Certificate, and a part of the Honors College. I am from Little Rock, Arkansas and my favorite hobby is sourdough baking.