URL: https://www.neeley.tcu.edu/Differential-Tuition
TITLE: Neeley Differential Tuition - Neeley School of Business

Section Menu
The Experience
The TCU Neeley Difference
Student Clubs
Majors, Minors and Certificates
Start Your Journey
Standard Admission Requirements
Transfer Admission Requirements
Change of Major Requirements
Current Students
Path to Graduation
Neeley Microsoft Certification
FAQ
Academic Advising
Neeley Navigators
Our Team
Study Abroad
Scholarships
Banos D'Souza Scholarship
Going the Distance
Suit Up – Lead On
Career Growth
TCU Core Curriculum
Leaders Unscripted
Neeley Student Success Team
Differential Tuition
Home
>
Differential Tuition
Texas Christian University’s (TCU) Board of Trustees approved differential tuition for the Neeley School of Business effective starting with the Fall Semester of 2024. Please see more information below, including links to FAQs.
Frequently Asked Questions
Access tuition FAQs from the main university below.
Tuition FAQs
An application for the Neeley Differential Tuition grant is available for students first enrolled before Summer 2024 and can be completed in students’
myTCU
portal (Financial Aid tile, Financial Aid Year 2025-2026, My Financial Aid). Review of applications will begin once TCU receives the student’s 2025-2026 FAFSA and/or other required aid applications. For specific questions, please contact the Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid at
financialaid@tcu.edu
or 817-257-7858.
Neeley Differential Tuition FAQs
Access detailed FAQs about differential tuition for TCU Neeley undergraduate students here.
Why is there differential tuition for Neeley School of Business undergraduate students?
The Neeley School of Business is TCU’s largest college in terms of majors and continues to drive registration and impact for the university. This decision was made after much analysis and consideration. The undergraduate differential tuition for Neeley courses will support student growth and advance the value of a Neeley degree through the implementation and advancement of high-impact student programs.
Who does this affect?
All students who take an undergraduate business course offered by TCU Neeley.  The prefixes for business courses include ACCT, BUSI, ENTR, FINA, INSC, MANA, MARK.
How much will differential tuition add per credit hour?
The amount is set each year by the TCU Board of Trustees. Related, it takes approximately 70 business credit hours to graduate with a degree from the Neeley School of Business.
Does the increase apply to non-business courses?
No. The increase only applies to Neeley undergraduate business courses.
Does the differential tuition increase apply to non-business majors?
Yes, it applies to all Neeley undergraduate business courses. The per credit cost is for all TCU undergraduate students, regardless of major, who enroll in undergraduate Neeley business courses. For example, a student majoring in a field other than business will only pay differential tuition for credit hours taken in the Neeley School of Business. The prefixes for business courses include ACCT, BUSI, ENTR, FINA, INSC, MANA, MARK.
When will the increase be in effect?
The new rate was applied to Neeley undergraduate business courses beginning in Academic Year 2024-2025, which began in August 2024.
How does this fit in with student financial aid?
The university is firmly committed to ensuring that TCU remains accessible to all qualified students, regardless of their financial circumstances, and are committed to providing financial aid to students with financial need. Students currently pursuing a Neeley degree should not be prevented by this change from completing their education.
How can students with financial need secure assistance to offset the Neeley differential tuition? Are there scholarships or grants designed to address hardships or unique situations?
TCU offers students the opportunity to apply for assistance outside the annual application process and special need-based aid consideration will be made for existing TCU Neeley students in regards to the differential tuition fee. The application for the Neeley Differential Tuition grant is available for students first enrolled before Summer 2024 and can be completed in a students'
myTCU
portal (Financial Aid tile, Financial Aid Year, My Financial Aid). Review of applications will begin once TCU receives the student’s FAFSA and/or other required aid applications.
For specific questions, please contact the Office of Scholarships & Financial Aid at
financialaid@tcu.edu
.
How is the per hour differential tuition amount decided?
Each year the Neeley differential tuition will be evaluated and adjustments will be considered and approved by the Board of Trustees.