URL: https://www.neeley.tcu.edu/Graduate-Programs-OLD/MBAOLD/PMBA-Energy/Program-Options/Energy-Certificate
TITLE: Energy Certificate - Neeley School of Business

Section Menu
Analytics
Certificate in Supply Chain Management
Energy
Entrepreneurship and Innovation
Home
>
Graduate Programs
>
MBA
>
Professional MBA with Energy Specialization
>
Program Options
>
Energy Certificate
Whatever your plans for your future – engineer, analyst, lawyer, journalist, investment banker, politician or energy executive – your career path is likely to touch on the dynamic and growing field of energy.
The TCU Energy Certificate will help you elevate your knowledge and skills to advance in this field by being plugged into the "what and who" and what is next in energy.
This certificate allows you to diversify your energy knowledge without undertaking a full graduate degree. And, when you decide to take it to the next level, the credit hours apply to an MBA at the TCU Neeley School of Business.
Apply
Request Info
What Will You Gain?
A graduate-level credential from a top-ranked energy program with world-renowned faculty.
Practical real-world knowledge and skills you can use to make an immediate impact at work and in your career.
Credit toward the
Energy MBA
– after completing the certificate, you can apply to the master’s degree program. If you’re admitted, your certificate courses will count toward the degree.
The Energy Certificate involves 9 credit hours built into three immersive energy experiences lasting four days each over 12 months' time.
Tuition and Fees
2025-26 Academic Year
Tuition
$2,210 per semester hour
Energy Certificate Fees
$500 per session
Estimated Total Tuition & Fees*
Projected Semester Hours
Number of Sessions
Total Program Cost
Energy Certificate
9
2
$20,890
* Estimate does not include annual tuition increases. Actual expenses will depend on the number of sessions taken to complete the program. Some programs offer options for completing the program in fewer semesters.
Cost of Attendance