URL: https://www.neeley.tcu.edu/Graduate-Programs-OLD/MBAOLD/Admission-FAQ
TITLE: Admission FAQs - Neeley School of Business

Section Menu
Request Info
Apply Now
Application Requirements
Admission FAQ
Interview Day FAQ
Tuition, Fees and Payment Plans
Scholarships, Grants and Aid
Community Partners
Contact Admissions
Home
>
Graduate Programs
>
MBA
>
Admission FAQ
General
When are classes?
Full-time MBA
class times vary, but generally take place weekdays, Monday through Friday.
Professional and Energy MBA
classes take place evenings.
Executive MBA
classes take place every other week on Fridays and Saturdays from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., with a one-hour lunch break each day.
Where is the study abroad trip?
It varies for every program and every semester. Our students have previously traveled to various destinations in Asia, Africa, Europe and South America. Recent study abroad trips have included China, Madrid, Dubai and various countries in Europe.
Application Process
What kind of student is right for the TCU Neeley School of Business?
We seek to bring together highly motivated and academically talented students from a broad range of backgrounds. Admission is competitive and seeks excellence. Candidates should be proactive individuals who can contribute in a highly interactive, team-based learning environment and who have meaningful life and professional experiences upon which to draw. Most of all, we are seeking focused, motivated students who are dedicated to success.
How do you evaluate applications?
We review your entire application to determine whether you have the academic ability to handle challenging, graduate-level work, including your undergraduate transcript, test scores (if applicable), and a history of setting and achieving challenging goals in every aspect of your life. Your professionalism is also reflected in your presentation and interview.
When does the program begin?
Programs will begin either in the fall (August), spring (January), or summer (June). Not every program starts every semester.
How will I be notified of the admission decision?
Decisions are communicated via email and will be visible in your applicant portal.
Do I need to send all the materials together as one package?
No. While your application will not be reviewed until all of the materials are received, you can begin sending application materials as they are completed.
Who do I contact about financial aid?
Check out our
Graduate Financial Aid
page.
Pre-requisites/Experience
Do you require a business major or certain business classes?
Prior business study is not required for the Full-time or Professional MBA, but is required for the Accelerated MBA. The Executive MBA does not require prior business study, but does require work and management experience.
Learn more
.
Are there specific course prerequisites?
You need to know basic mathematics, such as algebraic operations, relations and functions, exponents, logarithms, sets and functions, linear equations, differentiation, integration, slope and extrema. Typically, this requirement is satisfied by the completion of college algebra or business quantitative methods with a grade of “C” or better.
What are the specific requirements for the Accelerated MBA option?
Since the Accelerated MBA option significantly reduces the number of hours required for graduation, it is only available to candidates with specific academic and professional backgrounds in business. You must hold a BBA or equivalent degree and have quality postgraduate professional work experience.
What are your undergraduate degree requirements?
A four-year undergraduate degree is required (the equivalent of 16 years of formal education).
What is the minimum GPA required?
There is no single GPA requirement that will guarantee admission. If you did not perform well in your undergraduate academic career, you will be expected to demonstrate your ability to succeed at the graduate level through test scores, motivation, and/or professional success.
Why is a résumé requested?
Even though you list your past jobs on the application, your résumé gives you the opportunity to communicate the nature of the positions and your major professional accomplishments.
How should I send my transcripts to TCU?
You must upload a scanned copy of your official or unofficial transcripts as a part of the online application. These documents will be used in the admission review process. If you are admitted, official transcripts from
all
previously attended colleges or universities will be required. We reserve the right to rescind an offer of admission should any misrepresentation occur.
How much work experience is required?
Full-time MBA
: 4 years on average. No minimum.
Professional, Health Care, Energy MBAs
: 5-7 years on average. No minimum.
Accelerated MBA
: 3 years postgraduate professional or military experience preferred.
Executive MBA
: 15 years work experience and 8-10 years management experience. 18 years of experience on average.
I am about to graduate from college. What are my chances for admission into the Full-time program?
Only 5% or fewer of the students in the Full-time MBA are admitted directly from college. These students have usually demonstrated exceptional academic ability through test scores and past grades, and have held meaningful internship and part-time work experiences.
Who do I contact about pre-enrollment modules?
TCU Neeley Graduate Admissions
mbainfo@tcu.edu
Recommendations
Are letters of recommendation required?
No.
Applicants are no longer required to provide letters of recommendation. Instead, you will be asked to provide contact information for individuals who could provide professional recommendations.
Who should I ask to provide recommendations?
The people you list should be familiar with you from a professional setting. The most valuable recommendations come from people who have firsthand knowledge of your professional development and can directly assess your management potential. Whenever possible, you should include your direct supervisor.
Are paper recommendation forms accepted?
No. Paper recommendations or letters will not be accepted.
International Students
What additional requirements do you have for international candidates?
You must be able to easily converse in English, work with teams and company representatives, as well as quickly read and comprehend a great deal of written material.
Learn more about requirements
.
Where can I get more information on the acceptable English language tests?
TOEFL.org
School code: 6820
Department code: 02
PearsonPTE.com
IELTS.org
What additional transcript requirements do you have for international students?
You must upload a scanned copy of your official or unofficial transcripts as a part of the online application. If the transcript is issued in another language, it must be accompanied by a certified English translation. If our staff is not familiar with the type of degree or the issuing university, you may be asked to submit a professional evaluation of the transcript. If requested, the evaluation should be completed by a professional U.S. evaluation agency.
If you are presenting academic credentials from universities in China, all of the following documents are required: grade transcripts, bachelor degree certificate and diploma.
What are your undergraduate degree requirements?
A four-year undergraduate degree is required, the equivalent of 16 years of formal education. Indian applicants who hold a three-year bachelor's degree will have completed at least one year of additional study in a master’s program or a post-bachelor’s certificate program.
Can international students receive financial aid or scholarships?
Yes, you can be considered for merit-based scholarships and graduate assistants. These awards are made on a competitive basis considering the credentials presented in your applications. Loans and grants based on financial needs are subsidized by the U.S. federal government and are therefore typically reserved for U.S. citizens or permanent residents.
Who do I contact about international student services?
Visit TCU International Student Services.