URL: https://www.neeley.tcu.edu/LKCM-Center-for-Financial-Studies
TITLE: LKCM Center for Financial Studies - Neeley School of Business

Section Menu
Student Programs
High School Investor Challenge
Executive Committee
Advice from J. Luther King, Jr.
Our Team
Home
>
LKCM Center for Financial Studies
The Luther King Capital Management Center for Financial Studies connects finance students, faculty and industry professionals through a variety of conferences, scholarships and programs.
Made possible through a generous endowment from Luther King Capital Management.
The LKCM Center for Financial Studies became a reality in 2002 thanks to Luther King Capital Management, one of the largest independent employee-owned investment advisory firms in the southwestern United States. Founder J. Luther King, a TCU alumnus, has personally guided, advised, supported and championed TCU Neeley students who have gone on to successful careers.
Meet the best investment minds in the world at our annual conference.
Finance professionals, alumni and students gain insights from the most brilliant minds in the business at this sell-out conference. Recent keynotes include former President George W. Bush and Dr. Janet L. Yellen, former Chair of the Board of Governors for the Federal Reserve System.
Learn more
The LKCM Center provides you with the latest resources for data, classes that cover CFA content, the TIP Mentoring Program and scholarships.
Learn more
Our TCU High School Investor Challenge® summer camp is designed to foster interest in the field of finance among rising high school seniors. Selected students from across the country attend classes on the TCU campus for one week in the summer – then manage and report on a virtual $100,000 portfolio during their senior year. If you apply and are accepted to TCU, you can receive college credit for your portfolio reports.
Learn more
For Finance Faculty
Research Awards
Competitive summer research grants have led to papers published in
Journal for Finance
,
Journal of Financial Economics
,
Review of Financial Studies
and other distinguished publications.
Databases
Bloomberg terminals and Wharton Research Data Services provide faculty and students with news, data and analysis in accounting, economics, policy and more.
Research Seminars
Scholars from across the globe collaborate and collect in-depth feedback to refine their research papers at seminars featuring speakers from Vanderbilt, Duke, Yale, Notre Dame, MIT and other top-level institutions.
TCU Finance Conference
Organized by TCU finance faculty members and led by Dr. Paul Irvine, Kleinheinz Family Foundation Endowed Chair in International Finance and Investments, this conference attracts top scholars from across the country to present and discuss cutting-edge research.
Quick Hits
Neeley Finance Sophomore Luan Luong Makes the Journey from Vietnam to TCU Count
The finance major and member of the Neeley Fellows Class of 2026 joined family already at TCU and found an extended community as a Horned Frog.
November 16, 2023
All Quick Hits