URL: https://www.neeley.tcu.edu/LKCM-Center-for-Financial-Studies/High-School-Investor-Challenge
TITLE: High School Investor Challenge - Neeley School of Business

Section Menu
Student Programs
High School Investor Challenge
Executive Committee
Advice from J. Luther King, Jr.
Our Team
Home
>
LKCM Center for Financial Studies
>
High School Investor Challenge
Pick stocks and manage a high dollar portfolio.
Are you a high school student entering your senior year in the Fall of 2026? Apply for the TCU High School Investor Challenge®.
There are two High School Investor programs in 2026: June 1-5 and June 15-19. Completed applications and recommendations must be received by 5:00 p.m. on April 1, 2026.
A Week of College-level Classes at TCU
Spend a week on campus with other students the summer before your senior year of high school, living in residence halls and taking finance classes at the TCU Neeley School of Business.
Manage a $100,000 Virtual Portfolio
Throughout the fall and spring of your senior year, you'll submit stock trades online.
“The TCU High School Investor Challenge is an amazing opportunity to spend a week as a Horned Frog with other people with similar career interests as you. It not only gives you knowledge in economics and investing, but also allows you to experience a week of college level classes and presentation.”
John Thomas Borowitz
What Is the TCU High School Investor Challenge?
Timeline
Program Cost
How to Apply
Selection
Notice of Non-discrimination
Contact Us
The TCU High School Investor Challenge is a unique program for high-achieving, motivated high school students who have a strong interest in investing in the stock market. The challenge provides initial training in securities analysis and portfolio management. To be eligible, you must currently be enrolled in high school with a reasonable expectation of graduating in May or June 2027.
What happens at the High School Investor Challenge?
Students selected for the program attend a five-day on-campus program in securities analysis (stock selection) and portfolio management. You will learn to access company data and analysts’ reports, and use TCU’s online resources, including Value Line, to evaluate and compare companies. You will stay in TCU dorms throughout the week.
Each student manages a virtual portfolio and delivers periodic stock reports from July to March for review, critique and execution of their proposed portfolio decisions/stock trades.
There will be two program offerings, June 1-5, 2026 and June 15-19, 2026.
HSIC A begins Monday, June 1, 1:00 p.m., and ends Friday, June 5, 12:00 p.m.
HSIC B begins Monday, June 15, 1:00 p.m., and ends Friday, June 19, 12:00 p.m.
From June 2026 to March 2027, students will continue buying and selling stocks in an effort to increase the risk-adjusted return of their virtual portfolios. The portfolio management phase of the program consludes at 3:00 p.m. on Friday, March 26, 2027. Portfolio results will be compiled and shared via email shortly thereafter.
Cost is $1600 and covers room, board, and program expenses. (We recommend that you bring a limited amount of spending money for entertainment and miscellaneous expenses while on campus.)
Financial assistance can be requested by those with financial need. The request must be submitted at the time the application is submitted.
Complete the TCU High School Investor Challenge < !--a href="https://tcu.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_4NQCXx4dk44udRI" <-->>Application Form
>
Provide contact information for a teacher or counselor willing to provide a recommendation. An email will be sent to your counselor or teacher.
Submit a copy of your high school transcript, your online application and recommendation response no later than 5:00 p.m.
April 1, 2026
.
If you are selected into the program, you will be notified by email.
Students will be selected based on the information contained in the application. Areas of assessment include:
Scholastic achievement
Leadership
Motivation and interest in investing in the stock market
Unique competence or expertise
For acceptance to be confirmed, you must:
Complete the on-line application, provide a copy of your high school transcript, and provide contact information for a teacher or counselor willing to provide a recommendation.
Be able to bring a laptop or tablet to the program that has access to word processing, spreadsheet and presentation software.
Be entering your senior year of high school with a reasonable expectation of graduating in May or June 2027.
Have a history and evidence of high achievement in your academic subjects, especially math.
Plan to continue your education after high school graduation.
Be able and willing to commit to attend the summer program, June 1-5, 2026 or June 15-19, 2026.
Provide proof of medical insurance coverage.
TCU is committed to providing a positive learning and working environment free from discrimination and harassment. In support of this commitment, TCU prohibits discrimination and harassment on the basis of age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ethnic origin, disability, genetic information, covered veteran status, and any other basis protected by law.
Mailing Address:
Luther King Capital Management Center for Financial Studies
Neeley School of Business
TCU Box 298530
Fort Worth, Texas 76129
Physical Address:
Luther King Capital Management Center for Financial Studies
Neeley School of Business
2900 Lubbock Ave.
Fort Worth, Texas 76109
Email:
hsic@tcu.edu
Phone:
817-257-7788
Frequently Asked Questions
What if I don’t submit my application by the deadline date?
Completed applications must be submitted by the deadline date, including transcripts and recommendation; late or incomplete applications are not reviewed, or considered for admission.
I haven’t taken my PSAT/SAT/ACT yet; may I still apply?
Yes, you may still apply to the program.
I am home schooled and don’t have a teacher or counselor to provide a recommendation. What should I do?
You can have a family friend or an employer provide the recommendation.
Can the recommendation and transcript be submitted separately from the application?
Your transcript must be uploaded at the time you submit your application. Once your application is submitted, a recommendation request will automatically be sent to the teacher or counselor you listed as your recommender.
It is your responsibility to ensure that your recommender completes and submits the recommendation by the application deadline.
How many applications do you receive and how many students do you accept?
We receive more than 200 applications each year. A maximum of 50 students are admitted to each camp.
When and how will I be notified if I’m selected?
All applicants will receive an email with their admission decision in April. If accepted, you will receive DocuSign forms via email with the required materials. Applicants must complete and submit the DocuSign forms and other required items within 7 days of the acceptance email, or the applicant will lose their spot in the program.
Does TCU provide transportation to or from the airport to the campus?
We do not provide transportation to or from the campus.
What if I already have plans and need to come late/leave early?
You must arrive on campus by 1:00 p.m. on the first day of the program. You should not plan to leave the camp early. You will be presenting your work on Friday morning before the camp ends.
I’m an athlete. Will I be allowed to train (swim, run, lift weights) during the HSIC?
You will not have the opportunity to train during the week. During one or more evenings, we plan to go to the TCU Recreation Center where you will have access to the gym facility.
If I have any further questions, what is the best form of communication?
The best form of communication is to send an email to
hsic@tcu.edu
.