URL: https://www.neeley.tcu.edu/Pathways-of-Distinction/Neeley-Fellows/Apply
TITLE: Apply - Neeley School of Business

Section Menu
Benefits and Curriculum
Leadership
Apply
Our Team
Home
>
Pathways of Distinction
>
Neeley Fellows
>
Apply
Who We Want
We’re looking for motivated, high achieving, dynamic students with a thirst for learning and desire to take their college experience beyond the ordinary. They are undergraduate business students who seek enhanced academics, professional development and a collaborative community of excellence.
Criteria
Demonstrated academic achievement, leadership potential and community involvement.
3.5 GPA minimum at the end of each semester of your first year at TCU.
Solid written and interpersonal communication skills.
Strong commitment to both curricular and co-curricular components of the program until graduation.
Plan to graduate in May 2029 (preferred) or December 2028 as Neeley Fellows is a three-year, cohort based program.
Neeley Fellows Class of 2028 at a Glance
109
Students Applied
32
Students Accepted
3.95
Average Cumulative GPA
8
TCU Chancellor's Scholars
Recruiting Dates & Application Timeline
October 1, 2025
Information Session:
BLUU Ballroom C&D
5:00 p.m.
January 29, 2026
Information Session:
Neeley 2303AB
5:00 p.m.
Every Sunday,
February 1 - February 22, 2026
"Chat and Ask" Office Hours
BLUU Miller
1:00-3:00 p.m.
March 1, 2026
Application Closes at 5:00 p.m.
April 17, 2026
Candidates Notified if Selected
for an Alumni Interview
May 30, 2026
Applicants Notified
November 4, 2025
Information Session:
Neeley 2303AB
5:00 p.m.
February 2, 2026
Application Opens
February 11, 2026
Brewing Connections with Neeley Fellows
Neeley 2303AB
5:00 p.m.
March 23 - April 2, 2026
Informational Interviews with
Current Neeley Fellows
Required
April 26, 2026
Neeley Fellows Alumni Interview
8:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
By Selection and Invitation
Important Note for Neeley Fellows Applicants Not Currently in John V. Roach Honors College
All Neeley Fellows are expected to be members of the John V. Roach Honors College. The unique learning opportunities offered through the Honors College complement the curricular and co-curricular mission of Neeley Fellows. If you are not currently in the Honors College and plan to apply to Neeley Fellows, you should apply to the Honors College as part of the fall 2025 and/or spring 2026 application process concurrently when applying to Neeley Fellows. Please refer to the
Honors College website
and our FAQ section below for additional information on the Honors College and Neeley Fellows application.
Application Process
The online application includes a form, résumé and video introduction; all three must be submitted together. The Neeley Fellows application opens February 2, 2026.
Part 1: Online Application including Résumé and Video Introduction
Online Application (Résumé and Video Introductions Required)
The online application includes a form, résumé and video introductions; all three must be submitted together. The Neeley Fellows application opens on February 2, 2026.
Acknowledgement of Commitment – After reviewing the
Neeley Fellows Statement of Values, the Dr. Rob Rhodes Learning Mantra and program requirements,
enter your digital signature to confirm your understanding and commitment to the expectations of being a Neeley Fellow, if selected.
Complete the Application
– Provide the requested information, attach your résumé and video introduction, and answer the short-answer questions:
Short Answer Questions – Respond thoughtfully to the provided prompts using 2,000 characters or less:
Describe what inspired your interest in business and how you plan to use your Neeley education to achieve your career aspirations and make a positive impact.
Reflect on the Dr. Rob Rhodes Learning Mantra. After reviewing the mantra and
video
, provide an example of one of its pillars that illustrates your passion for learning.
Résumé – Upload your résumé using the provided
template and sample format
.
Your one-page résumé should emphasize your most significant experiences, focusing on post-high school activities. Prioritize quality over quantity.
Name your PDF file as: “LastName, FirstName Resume” before uploading.
Video Introduction
Submit a 2-3 minute continuous take video introducing yourself. Demonstrate that you have researched the program and thoughtfully considered your commitment and fit for Neeley Fellows. Be authentic and communicate your traits, values and interests in the way you approach the video and examples that you provide.
Videos should be recorded in one continuous take and must not exceed 3 minutes; content beyond 3 minutes will not be reviewed.
Name your MP4 file as: “LastName, FirstName Video Intro” before uploading.
Record your video in horizontal (landscape) orientation for best viewing.
Part 2: One Letter of Recommendation
Create an account when the application opens February 2 to submit your recommender’s name and contact information. Submit this early to give your recommender ample time to complete your recommendation before the March 1 deadline.
Provide recommenders with a brief introduction to the Neeley Fellows program and direct them to the
Neeley Fellows website
for details to ensure thoughtful recommendations addressing your fit for the program.
Important: Contact your recommender before submitting their information to confirm their willingness to provide a recommendation.
Question-Based Format:
This year, recommendations will be submitted through the application platform by answering questions about your relationship, accomplishments, and personal attributes, including academic potential, dedication, work ethic, resilience, leadership, initiative, attitude, integrity, passion for learning, teamwork, and growth mindset.
Recommender Selection:
Choose someone familiar with your strengths, accomplishments and specific traits and attributes, such as a high school or college instructor, counselor, employer or community leader. Family members, friends and paid independent college counselors are
not
suitable recommenders. A minister or spiritual leader may be acceptable only if you have been involved with them as an employee, intern or community volunteer.
Timing:
Ask your recommender at the start of your application process to allow enough time to research the program and submit the recommendation.
Deadline:
Recommendations must be submitted by March 1, 2026. You are responsible for ensuring your recommendation is received by this date.
If you have submitted a complete application (Parts 1 and 2 as outlined above) by 5:00 p.m. CST on March 1, 2026, you will receive an email with information regarding the next segments of the Neeley Fellows application process.
Part 3: Informational Interviews
After submitting your application, you will be assigned two current Neeley Fellows who will conduct informational interviews between March 23 and April 2, 2026. These conversations help explore your fit and interest in the program. Casual attire is appropriate.
Part 4: Neeley Fellows Alumni Interviews
By invitation only. Applicants will be notified on April 17, 2026, if invited to proceed.
Interviews take place Sunday, April 26, 2026, via Zoom with alumni and faculty/staff. Applicants are required to attend in person at the Neeley Fellows office, using designated interview rooms.
You will be notified of your interview time before this date; keep the day open until the time assignments are shared.
Attire is business professional.
FAQ
If you have any questions concerning the Neeley Fellows application process, please contact Jessica Andrews, Assistant Director, at 817-257-6920 or
jessica.andrews@tcu.edu
.
If you have questions concerning the John V. Roach Honors College application process or timeline, please contact
honors@tcu.edu
.
What guidance is there for the Video Component of the Neeley Fellow Application?
Content/Structure
Think of the video as a cover letter in a more personal format–your chance to add energy, personality, and context to your application.
Consider how you would answer "Tell me about yourself" in a way that reflects who you are and how you align with Neeley Fellows.
Use the time to highlight meaningful experiences and explain why you would be a strong fit.
There's no single right way to structure your video. Choose an approach that feels natural to you.
Whatever structure you choose, aim to tell a story–not repeat your résumé.
Don'ts:
Don't make the video primarily about what you know about Neeley Fellows. Focus on YOUR story and what you want us to know about YOU.
Don't be generic or overly broad in what you share.
Don't read from a script. Part of this application component is understanding how to communicate naturally.
Do's:
Be authentic and choose an approach that genuinely reflects who you are. There is no one-size-fits-all structure.
Share specific examples that demonstrate your interest in and fit for the Neeley Fellows program in ways that go beyond what appears on your résumé.
Be intentional with your recording setup: consider lighting, sound quality, and your background.
Be thoughtful about what you wear as it is part of your brand and first impression.
Record your video in horizontal orientation, in one continuous take, and keep it under three minutes (2-3 minutes recommended).
Save and upload your video as an MP4 file named: "LastName, FirstName Video Intro".
Do I have to be in the Honors College to apply to Neeley Fellows?
You do not need to be currently in the Honors College to apply to Neeley Fellows. While being in the Honors College is one facet a candidate’s application, our review of candidates is holistic and considers many factors. Honors College status does not preclude a candidate from being selected. In fact, we have accepted students each year that were not currently in the Honors College. Those students reapply to the Honors College their sophomore year.
May I apply to Neeley Fellows and Honors College concurrently?
Yes, you can apply to Neeley Fellows and Honors College concurrently. If you are not currently in the Honors College and plan to apply to Neeley Fellows, you should apply to the Honors College as part of the fall 2025 and/or spring 2026 application process. If you are applying to the Honors College, please review the college’s
important dates, deadlines and application process
and put as much care and effort into your Honors College application as you do your Neeley Fellows application.
What if I’ve already applied to the Honors College and was not accepted, but interested in applying to Neeley Fellows?
If you applied to the Honors College in the past and were not accepted, you may apply again, but are encouraged to revisit your initial application to identify areas of improvement.
What is protocol if you are accepted to Neeley Fellows, but not a member of the Honors College?
You reapply to the Honors College your sophomore year. In that situation, your Neeley Fellows invitation is contingent on successful completion of Honors College application and invitation to join the Honors College the following year.
May I apply to both Neeley Fellows and the BNSF Neeley Leadership Program?
Neeley Fellows and the
BNSF Neeley Leadership Program
are both three-year, cohort-based programs. You're encouraged to explore both, but are only able to apply to one.
May I apply to Neeley Fellows if I'm a transfer student?
In the past, we have not accepted applications from transfer students as most have already taken courses that make up the Neeley Fellows curriculum.  In addition, we require students to have a minimum 3.5 GPA both semesters of the first-year and it is difficult to compare GPAs from various institutions.  With Neeley Fellows being a three year, cohort based program, it’s really not designed to be a transfer program.
With that being said, we will consider applications from transfer students with the following caveats:
The applicant cannot have taken any of the courses in the Neeley Fellows curriculum at TCU or other institutions. The Business Core courses where there is typically conflict are the following: Fundamentals of Accounting, Marketing Management, Financial Management, Business Information Systems, Global Business with Ethical Lens and Organization Behavior Strategy.
Plan to graduate in May 2029 (preferred) or December 2028 as it’s a three year, cohort based program.
Meet 3.5 GPA minimum in the spring semester.
Apply to the Honors College.
Can I apply to Neeley Fellows if I have taken one of the courses in the Neeley Fellows curriculum?
The applicant cannot have taken any of the courses in the Neeley Fellows curriculum at TCU or other institutions. The Business Core courses where there is typically conflict are the following: Fundamentals of Accounting, Marketing Management, Financial Management, Business Information Systems, Global Business with Ethical Lens and Organization Behavior and Strategy. Consult with your academic advisor and carefully review the information listed on the
Benefits and Curriculum page
to prevent enrolling in courses in the Neeley Fellows curriculum which would preclude you from applying.
May I apply to Neeley Fellows as an Internal Change of Major student at TCU?
Yes, Students changing their major into the Neeley School of Business may apply to Neeley Fellows.
Internal
Change of Major
students should attend one Spring 2026 Change of Major Workshop to ensure eligibility. Workshop dates, times and locations are listed below:
Thursday, April 2, 2026 - NEEL 1520B (10:00 a.m., 11:00 a.m.)
Tuesday, April 7, 2026 - NEEL 2303B (1:30 p.m., 2:30 p.m.)
Wednesday, April 22, 2026 - NEEL 1520B (11:00 a.m., 2:00 p.m.)
Monday, April 27, 2026 - NEEL 1520B (12:00 p.m., 1:00 p.m., 2:00 p.m.)
Internal Change of Major applicants must meet the same requirements as first-year applicants, including:
No prior completion of any Neeley Fellows curriculum courses (commonly conflicting courses include Accounting, Marketing, Finance, Business Information Systems, Global Business with an Ethical Lens, and Organizational Behavior & Strategy)
Planned graduation in May 2029 (preferred) or December 2028
Minimum 3.5 GPA in the spring semester
Appliaction to the TCU Honors College
Students should also review the
First-Year requirements
on the Neeley Academic Advising website.