URL: https://www.neeley.tcu.edu/Pathways-of-Distinction/BNSF-Neeley-Leadership-Program/Apply
TITLE: Learn More and Apply - Neeley School of Business

Section Menu
The Experience
Apply
Alumni Engagement
Employer Engagement
Our Team
Home
>
Pathways of Distinction
>
BNSF Neeley Leadership Program
>
Apply
Who We Want
We’re looking for growth-minded students with a desire to lead themselves, teams and organizations. Neeley Leaders thrive on continuous feedback, coaching and development. They are undergraduate business students who are excited to engage with world-class faculty and ready to put leadership theory into practice.
Criteria:
TCU Cumulative GPA of at least a 3.25 along with a strong academic and work ethic.
Desire and ability to grow your leadership skills.
Ability to work effectively with others, including peers, faculty and staff.
A willingness to give and receive feedback, and to be coached.
Solid written and interpersonal communication skills.
Commitment to contributing to a positive and enriching cohort experience.
Intending to major in a program within the Neeley School of Business.
Application Process
Application
Our selection process is highly rigorous. Only 1 in 6 applicants are accepted. Final selections are based on the criteria listed above plus assessment of fit with the program and overall strength of the application. Selected applicants will be notified by early June.
Application Calendar
Information Session
Tuesday, January 27
5:00 - 6:00 p.m.
Shaddock Auditorium
(Neeley 2410)
Information Session
Sunday, February 1
2:00 - 3:00 p.m.
Shaddock Auditorium
(Neeley 2410)
Application Opens
Tuesday, February 3
Neeley Lemonade Party
Tuesday, February 10
5:00 - 6:00 p.m.
Hays Banquet Hall
(Neeley 2303AB)
Virtual Q&A
Friday, February 13
TBD
Application Workshop
Sunday, February 15
2:00 - 3:00 p.m.
Neeley 2303AB
Application Closes
Tuesday, February 24
11:59 p.m.
FAQ
Do I need a specific major to be eligible for the BNSF Neeley Leadership Program?
You must have declared pre-business as your major.
Can I apply if I am a first-year student but have sophomore hours?
Yes. However, your anticipated graduation date should still coincide with your classmates since this is a three-year commitment.
Do I need to be accepted into the Neeley School of Business before applying?
No, but you must complete the
Neeley First Year Requirements
prior to August 1.
May I apply to both Neeley Leaders and Neeley Fellows?
The Neeley Leadership Program and
Neeley Fellows
are both three-year, cohort-based programs. You’re encouraged to explore both, but are only able to apply to one program.
How will these courses count toward my degree requirements?
You will take 15 hours of our specialized leadership courses. We recommend you meet with your advisor to ensure you can graduate on time if our classes are added to your schedule.
What do I get when I finish the program?
While Neeley Leaders graduate with a leadership designation added to their Neeley major/degree, program benefits extend far beyond a designation. You will develop leadership skills and business acumen that place you in the top of TCU’s graduates. Neeley Leaders are also highlighted as top-quality candidates to employers and recruiters through our résumé book. Most importantly, you are joining a lifelong network of Neeley Leader alumni all over the world.
Do I have to participate in all of the activities to complete the program?
Yes, you must participate in all program activities.
Are there any extra fees required?
Students are required to pay additional program fees for certain experiences including study abroad. Students receive specific information prior to activities with associated fees and scholarships may be available.
Can I apply if I have plans to study abroad during the next two years?
Since you will move through the leadership courses with your cohort, you will need to choose a study abroad experience that takes place during the summer, winter break or spring break. Remember, Neeley Leaders study abroad as a cohort as part of the required curriculum. This trip is partially subsidized.
Neeley Leaders Accolades
Neeley Leaders receive top honors for leadership and innovation. Here are some of their impressive accolades and accomplishments.
Poets&Quants 2023 Best and Brightest Business Majors
Marina Magnant, Class of 2024
Poets&Quants 2022 Best and Brightest Business Majors
Cassandra (Cassie) Trosino, Class of 2022
TCU Outstanding Senior Award 2023
Marina Magnant, Class of 2024
Eminent Leadership Scholar Award Recipient 2023
Mary Uhl-Bien
Poets&Quants 2021 Best and Brightest Business Majors
RJ Finley, Class of 2021
President, TCU Student Government Association, 2021-22
Lau’Rent Honeycutt, Class of 2022
TCU Neeley Award Winners 2023
Jordan Herrfeldt, Class of 2023
Business Information Systems Program Technology Award
Cynthia Nagono, Class of 2023
Values-centered Entrepreneurship Award
CeCe Little, Class of 2023
Emerging Entrepreneur Award
Emily Rine, Class of 2024
Meredith Fraker Thompson Memorial Scholarship in Finance
Grant Knutson, Class of 2023
Dr. Stanley Block Outstanding Educational Investment Fund Student
Trent Walker, Class of 2024
Berry Scholar Award
Morgan Gallagher, Class of 2023
DSS Research Marketing Research Award
Emily Dillon, Class of 2023
Marketing Senior Scholar
Marina Magnant, Class of 2024
Undergraduate Student Neeley Promise Award for Leadership& Innovation
Mosebrook/Pfizer Student Leader Award
Olivia Meyer, Class of 2024
Mosebrook/Pfizer Student Leader Award
Stacy Landreth Grau
Inclusive Excellence Teaching Award
Sallye McDowell
Distinguished Service Award for Outstanding School Service - Staff