URL: http://freeman.tulane.edu/admissions
TITLE: Admissions | Freeman School of Business Tulane University

Master your Freeman Future.
At Tulane’s Freeman School of Business, your future begins in the heart of New Orleans — a city known for innovation, creativity, and bold thinking. The Freeman Experience combines hands-on learning with one-on-one mentoring, real-world business projects, and a vibrant cultural backdrop.
From working with top companies to enjoying local traditions like Jazz Fest and crawfish boils, you’ll gain more than just a degree — you’ll build a powerful network and a lifelong connection to a city that inspires success. Master business. Master life. Master your Freeman Future.
Graduate Admissions
Accelerate your career by earning one of our many graduate business degrees offered at Tulane. Our admissions team is ready to assist you in selecting the best graduate program to further advance professionally and to meet your career goals.
Graduate Admissions
Upcoming Admissions Events
Freeman on the Road
Meet with an Admissions Counselor
Request Information about Graduate Programs
Freeman's Financial Aid Process
Latasha Simeon, Associate Director of Financial Aid, offers a comprehensive breakdown of the financial aid process, providing invaluable guidance for prospective students.
Undergraduate Admissions
Whether you’re aiming for the Fortune 500, hoping to start your own business, or still figuring it out, we’ll help you get there. As an undergraduate business student at Tulane, you will have opportunities to get real world experience, in-depth knowledge and access to a broad alumni network - all while living in one of the world’s great cities.
Undergraduate Admissions
Student Life
Visit Tulane – Campus Tours, Virtual Visiting, Special Visit Programs
Attend an Upcoming Graduate Admissions Event
We offer a number of virtual and in-person admission events to discuss our programs or the application process. During these events, you will have a chance to ask questions to members of our admissions team. If there are no upcoming admissions events for a program you are interested in,
contact one of our admissions officers
to schedule a one on one information session.
Apr
24
TU Test Drive: Campus & Class Visit (EMBA)
Apr
24
Burkenroad Reports Investment Conference
Apr
27
Application 101: Setting Your Application Up for Success (virtual)
Apr
27
Which Full-time Graduate Program Is Right For Me? (Virtual)
The Freeman School climbed five spots to No. 30 in Poets&Quants’ 2026 ranking of the nation’s Best Undergraduate Business Schools. The list was released March 23 on Poets&Quants for Undergrads, the publication’s partner site dedicated to undergraduate business education.
Tulane University honored tech entrepreneur Brett A. Hurt and Glass Half Full founders Franziska Trautmann (SSE ’20) and Max Steitz (SLA ’20) as Entrepreneurs of the Year at the 2026 Albert Lepage Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation Awards Gala.
The Green Bull Investment Banking Group, Freeman's student-led, faculty-supervised organization for undergraduates seeking careers in investment banking, was established to address a critical gap in the recruiting timeline.
The Freeman School rose to No. 46 in
Fortune’s
2026 ranking of Best Business Schools and MBA Programs.
Read More News