URL: http://freeman.tulane.edu/admissions/apply
TITLE: Apply | Freeman School of Business Tulane University

Apply Now
Your Freeman Journey Begins Here
Graduate Students
Undergraduate Students
Ready to Start Your Graduate Application?
To start your application, simply follow these step-by-step instructions:
SVG
Select your program
Select the below application link for your desired graduate program.
SVG
Create your account
Set up your secure Freeman application portal to manage your entire admission process.
SVG
Begin your online application
Complete your application profile and provide academic background, professional experience, and career aspirations.
SVG
Submit your application
Review all applicants components, ensure required documents are uploaded, and finalize your submission.
SVG
Track your status
Monitor your application progress and receive important admission updates.
Already Started an Application?
Returning users may continue work on their application at the link below.
Continue Your Application
Nationally Ranked
Freeman makes big gains in the 2026 U.S. News and World Report’s Best Business Schools rankings with 6 programs ranked!
Graduate Program Applications
MBA Programs
Fall 2026 Full-Time MBA Application
January 2027 Executive MBA Application
Fall 2026 Professional MBA Application
Spring 2027 Professional MBA Application
Online MBA Application
Specialized Master’s Programs
Fall 2026 Master of Accounting Application
Spring 2027 Master of Accounting Application
Fall 2026 Master of Business Analytics and AI Application
Fall 2026 Master of Management in Energy Application
Fall 2026 Master of Finance  Application
Joint & Dual MBA Degree Programs
Students interested in applying to one of our joint programs with the Full-Time MBA should complete the Full-Time MBA application and indicate the specific joint program on their application.
For the MBA/MME dual degree, new students should first apply to the Full-Time MBA program. During their second year, they will submit a separate application to the MME program.
Want to Learn More?
Sign up to get more information about Freeman Graduate Programs.
Request More Information
Meet Our Students
Learn more about Freeman's graduate programs from our students and alumni as they share their Freeman experiences.
Undergraduates
All prospective undergraduates apply through Tulane’s central Office of Undergraduate Admission. Undergraduates interested in one of the 5 year degree programs must also complete a graduate application.
Tulane Application Instructions
Explore a step-by-step overview of Tulane's undergraduate application process, including their application checklist, requirements, deadlines, options, and more.
Undergraduate Admissions
Application Instructions