URL: http://freeman.tulane.edu/graduate-admissions
TITLE: Graduate Admissions | Tulane University

Are you ready to advance your future in business? At Tulane’s Freeman School of Business, we’re ready to help you rise to the occasion.
Whether you’re looking for full-time or part-time graduate programs—as well as evening, weekend and online options—we offer numerous ways for you to find success in your professional journey. We invite you to learn more about our graduate programs by:
Attending an upcoming
on-campus or virtual event
.
Meeting us at one of the many
graduate school fairs
that we travel to each year.
Scheduling a
meeting with an admissions counselor
.
We’re here to guide you every step of the way as you explore our many graduate program options. Get more information about graduate admissions, financial aid and scholarship opportunities, and more, by selecting one of the following degree options.
The faculty who teach our graduate business degree courses are industry practitioners, experienced executive teachers and well-respected researchers. They’ll be there to answer your questions, while encouraging vigorous debate and discussion in classes.
Faculty
Graduate Admissions for MBA Programs
At Tulane, we offer four MBA program formats to equip you with the knowledge and know-how to succeed in business. You have the option to choose our:
Compare MBA Programs
Can't make it to campus? Get to know us online.
Take a Virtual Tour
Graduate Admissions for Specialized Master’s Degrees
At Tulane, we’re more than just business. We offer career-focused specialized master’s degrees that combine business acumen with advanced training in four areas. No matter which specialized master’s degree you choose, you’ll have the business expertise and advanced training to lead in your field.
Compare Specialized Master's Programs
Connect with a Graduate Student Ambassador
Graduate Admissions for Joint and Dual Degrees
Accelerate your ability to lead throughout your career by pursuing two graduate degrees from Tulane. We offer six unique options to gain the business, leadership and specialized expertise you need to advance professionally.
With Freeman’s dedicated Career Management Center, you will learn the skills to find your first destination and to guide your career development throughout your professional life.
Career Management Center
Graduate Admissions for PhD in Business Administration
Gain the expertise and experience to pursue academic professions and scholarly research within business. You’ll also gain business management knowledge that can be used within nearly every industry and sector.
Career Profiles
The Freeman School of Business at Tulane University boasts an impressive track record of student success and career outcomes. Our graduates consistently secure positions at top firms across industries, with over 95% of students employed or pursuing further education within 6 months of graduation. The average starting salary for our graduates is highly competitive, reflecting the value employers place on Freeman talent.
View Employment Outcomes
Get In Touch With Graduate Admissions
Our Team