URL: http://freeman.tulane.edu/undergraduate/baccalaureate-mba
TITLE: Baccalaureate / MBA Joint Degree | Freeman School of Business Tulane University

Baccalaureate / MBA Joint Degree
Born TU Change the World
The Freeman School of Business at Tulane University offers early admission to the Full-Time MBA program only to Newcomb Tulane College students.
If admitted, Newcomb Tulane College students enroll as full-time business students during what would otherwise be their senior year. At the successful conclusion of their senior year, the Bachelor of Arts (BA) or Bachelor of Science (BS) is awarded. After one more year of full-time study in the business school, the Master of Business Administration (MBA) is awarded.
View Admissions Requirements
Events
Meet Our Students
Student Stories
August
5 years
In person
1st Round: November 1
2nd Round: February 1
Final Round: May 1
Concentrations
Business Analytics
Finance
Marketing
Strategy and Innovation
Energy and Sustainability
Why Enroll in Our Baccalaureate / MBA Joint Degree Program?
The Baccalaureate/MBA joint degree program at Tulane University’s Freeman School of Business provides undergraduate students with an accelerated pathway to a master’s degree, allowing them to earn their MBA with just one additional year of full-time study. With specializations in business analytics, finance, marketing, strategy and innovation, and energy and sustainability, the program gives you the opportunity to tailor your MBA to your career aspirations in business.
#46
Best Business Schools and MBA Programs, Fortune, 2026
#54
Best Graduate Schools, U.S. News & World Report, 2025
59
MBA credit hours
Discover some roles you can pursue with an MBA:
Financial Manager
: Median Annual Salary: $161,700*
Marketing Manager
: Median Annual Salary: $161,030*
Human Resources Manager
: Median Annual Salary: $140,030*
Sales Manager
: Median Annual Salary: $138,060*
Senior Product Manager
: Median Annual Salary: $135,800**
Management Consultant
: Median Annual Salary: $101,800**
*Salary data from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, 2024
**Salary data from Payscale, 2025
Your Journey TU Achieve More Starts Here.
Admissions Requirements
Learn about Freeman's admissions process, application requirements, and deadlines.
Curriculum
Explore course overviews and unique specializations / concentrations offered.
Tuition & Scholarships
Discover merit-based scholarship opportunities and financial aid options.
Student Success
Envision the ROI you can unlock with a Freeman graduate degree.
Apply Now
Explore Freeman's Joint Degrees
Today’s business leaders are needed to help address some of our world’s most complex problems that intersect with energy, health care and medicine, law, real estate development and more.
Skills You Will Learn
Live Case Problem-Solving
: client-based projects, industry partnerships, stakeholder presentations, consulting approach
Business Communication
: interacting with business leaders through alumni and CMC networks
Global immersion
: through real-world project at an international location
AI Implementation & Management
: AI integration into multiple courses to understand the value AI tools add and their limitations
Financial Modeling & Valuation
: hands-on analysis of business performance, investment decisions, and strategic planning tools
Core Competencies
Strategic Thinking & Innovation
: competitive analysis, scenario planning, business model innovation
Cross-Functional Leadership
: Leverage functional diversity for business impact
Strategic AI Intelligence
: Transform data into competitive advantage decisions
Experiential Learning Integration
: Apply theory  to real-world business problems
Digital Transformation Leadership
: Guide organizations through technology-driven change
Tulane University’s A. B. Freeman School of Business posted significant gains across multiple categories in U.S. News & World Report’s 2026 Best Business Schools rankings.
Last fall, a group of Freeman MBA students partnered with the Port of New Orleans to develop targeted tenant recommendations for its waterside real estate.
The Freeman School rose to No. 46 in
Fortune’s
2026 ranking of Best Business Schools and MBA Programs.
To celebrate Valentine's Day, Marta Machio and Ben Hamawy (MBA ’04) recount their study abroad love story.
Read More News
Baccalaureate / MBA Joint Degree FAQs
A joint Baccalaureate/MBA degree program is a program offered by a higher education school of business that allows you to progress immediately from your bachelor’s degree program to a Master of Business Administration program, provided you meet certain academic requirements. With the Baccalaureate/MBA joint degree program at Tulane, you can earn both degrees in just five years.
Enrolling in a Baccalaureate/MBA joint degree program allows you to earn your master’s degree with just one additional year of full-time study at your current academic institution. This saves you the time it would take to search for and submit applications to an MBA program at another institution, while providing you with an accelerated pathway to qualify for leadership roles with high levels of compensation, such as marketing manager, financial advisor, and management consultant.
A Baccalaureate/MBA joint degree program teaches foundational business knowledge and core concepts as well as advanced communication, decision-making, and problem-solving skills, all while familiarizing you with financial modeling, data analysis, and artificial intelligence (AI) tools to elevate your business expertise.
Top Skills You Learn in Future-Focused MBA Programs
Types of MBA Degrees
What Can You Do With an MBA?
Connect with a Graduate Student Ambassador
Ready to earn your MBA?
We are ready to assist you in your next step.