URL: http://freeman.tulane.edu/undergraduate/office-undergraduate-education
TITLE: Office of Undergraduate Education | Freeman School of Business Tulane University

Office of Undergraduate Education
Myke Yest
Senior Professor of Practice
Associate Dean of Undergraduate Education
Peter F. Ricchiuti Professorship in Finance
(504) 247-1289
myest@tulane.edu
In addition to serving as Associate Dean for Undergraduate Education, Myke Yest is on the faculty of the Freeman School and is a Senior Professor of Practice, holding the Peter Ricchiuti Professorship in Finance. He also co-directs the Altman Program in International Studies and Business and has worked within the financial industry for 30 years. In his capacity as Associate Dean, he monitors the quality of the Freeman undergraduate student experience and reviews students’ academic progress.
Shira Hussain
Director of Undergraduate Advising
(504) 862-8097
shussain1@tulane.edu
Make an Appointment with Shira
Advises 4+1 and non-BSM ENBS minor students.
Shira Hussain holds an undergraduate degree in communication studies and sociology from Loyola University New Orleans, then she advanced in her academic pursuits with a master’s degree in leadership studies from Augsburg University. She is a firm believer that students can grow into greatness with the right support and is happy to be a part of the Tulane family.
Lauren Gauthier
Academic Counselor
(504) 314-2245
lgauthier@tulane.edu
Make an Appointment with Lauren
Advises Last Names Ro-Z
Lauren A. Gauthier has been with Tulane University since fall of 2021 and joined Freeman's Office of Undergraduate Education during the summer of 2024. She holds a BA in English Literature from Georgia Southwestern State University and an MA in Educational Technology from LSU. She is a mom of 3 cats and lives by the wise words of Hannah Montana, "Life's what you make it, so let's make it rock."
Eric Kaftan
Academic Counselor
(504) 862-8486
ekaftan@tulane.edu
Make an Appointment with Eric
Advises Last Names A-C.
Eric graduated from Spring Hill College with a degree in Psychology. He then went on to get his Master's degree in Educational Psychology from the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee. He has 3 dogs and will foster puppies when he can. He is able to help students grow and mature in their time at Tulane University.
Arthur Ponson
Academic Counselor
(504) 865-5433
aponson@tulane.edu
Make an Appointment with Arthur
Advises Last Names D-Ki
Arthur Ponson attended the University of Louisiana-Lafayette, where he majored in Sports Management. Arthur joined the Office of Undergraduate Education in Fall 2023. Prior to joining Tulane, he was a Career advisor for Clover and a Testing Coordinator at Delgado Community College. He enjoys working with his students and helping them achieve their goals while providing a personalized advising experience to each of them.
Megan St. Pierre
Senior Academic Counselor
(504) 862-8035
sstpierre@tulane.edu
Make an Appointment with Megan
Advises Last Names Kl-Ri
Prior to joining Tulane and the Freeman School, Megan was a secondary education teacher for 13 years teaching social studies, English and special education. She holds a bachelor’s degree in secondary education and a master’s degree in education administration, both from the University of Holy Cross in New Orleans, and a Master of Science in human resource education from Louisiana State University.
Mary Hicks
Director
(504) 865-5436
mhicks4@tulane.edu
Make an Appointment with Mary
A Louisiana native, Mary Hicks has worked in international education for over 25 years. She holds an M.Ed. in higher education administration from the University of New Orleans and a B.A. in sociology from the University of Louisiana - Lafayette. She lived and worked in Japan shortly after her undergraduate career, and since then has held several job descriptions in international higher education. She directed a program that offered less-commonly-taught languages, led short-term study abroad programs in Japan and the Czech Republic, advised exchange students going to and coming from countries around the world, and assisted with numerous other endeavors all in the spirit of making sure students from all walks of life can have educational opportunities around the world. Mary enjoys learning from everyone around her as well as each and every new experience (including a pandemic). “Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” -Mahatma Gandhi
Lauren Bix
Senior Program Coordinator
(504) 314-7067
lbix@tulane.edu
Make an Appointment with Lauren
Exchange (Incoming) Student Advisor
Lauren Bix is a Senior Program Coordinator for A.B. Freeman School of Business Study Abroad & Exchange. She received two Master’s degrees from the University of Kentucky in French and Francophone studies and International Diplomacy. Having studied abroad in Normandy, France and worked in higher education and international offices, Lauren brings a passion for global education and language learning everywhere she goes. She is eager to encourage business students to study abroad and welcome exchange students to the Freeman School.
Michelle Falgoust
Senior Executive Secretary
(504) 865-5663
mfalgous@tulane.edu
Michelle Falgoust provides administrative support to the Study Abroad & Exchange office and monitors the daily activities of the office. She also oversees the Study Abroad student workers and assists with events centered on international students.
Aaron C. Forbes
Senior Program Coordinator
(504) 314-7077
aforbes@tulane.edu
Make an Appointment with Aaron
Study Abroad (Outgoing) Student Advising
A Senior Program Coordinator, Aaron Forbes has worked in international education in New Orleans and abroad for over 20 years. He holds a B.A. in International Studies from the University of New Orleans and an M.A. in the Spanish Language from Middlebury College. He has lived, studied, and worked in Spain, Mexico, Colombia, Argentina, and Benin. From 2010-2022, he served as the Founding World Languages Department Chair and Spanish Educator at a New Orleans K-12 International Baccalaureate public school where he filled various leadership roles, including directing student travel programming. He is excited to help Freeman students grow as global citizens through international academic exchanges!
Charlotte Battiest
Director of Undergraduate Student Experience
(504) 314-7014
cbatties@tulane.edu
Make an Appointment with Charlotte
Charlotte brings over 25 years of dedicated experience in higher education, with a strong focus on student support and academic success. Since joining Tulane University in 2007, she has served in several impactful roles, including her previous position as Assistant Director at the Academic Services Center for Student-Athletes within Tulane Athletics. In fall 2019, she transitioned to the Office of Undergraduate Education as Senior Academic Counselor and now serves as the Director of Undergraduate Student Experience.
In her current role, Charlotte is committed to fostering a supportive and enriching academic environment. She provides comprehensive advising and mentorship to a diverse student population, including Altman Scholars, student-athletes, and transfer students. Her work is guided by a deep understanding of the unique needs of these groups and a passion for helping each student thrive.
Charlotte holds a Bachelor of Arts in English and a Master of Educational Administration from the University of New Orleans. Her career reflects a longstanding dedication to student development, academic integrity, and holistic excellence in higher education.
Julie Gomez
Senior Program Coordinator, Registration
(504) 865-5322
jgomez@tulane.edu
Julie Gomez joined the Freeman School of Business in April 1987 and has served in several key roles throughout her tenure. In her current position as Senior Program Coordinator, she diligently supports the Office of Undergraduate Education by maintaining the academic schedule database and managing the classroom reservation system to ensure efficient course planning and space utilization. Julie coordinates the collection and organization of undergraduate course syllabi and is a true team player that actively contributes to various team projects and events that enhance academic operations and student success.
Edith Martinez
Program Manager Technology & Undergraduate Certificates
(504) 247-1158
emartin7@tulane.edu
Edith Martinez joined Freeman's Office of Undergraduate Education during the summer of 2024 and has enjoyed being a part of the Tulane University Family since 1995. She started her Tulane adventure by working in the Division of Student Affairs. While there she received her Bachelor of Arts in English. Before joining A.B. Freeman School of Business, she was a part of Judicial Affairs in the Vice President for Student Affairs Office and founder/owner of the Orleanian Club. While at Tulane she celebrated many milestones which makes her a true Tulanian.
Zhané Nelson
Program Manager
(504) 865-5452
znelson1@tulane.edu
Zhané is a Program Manager at Freeman School of Business Office of Undergraduate Education, where she manages a variety of programs and initiatives that enhance the undergraduate experience. In her role, she coordinates major events such as the Crawfish Boil and Graduation, oversees the Assessment of Learning process, and manages the Freeman Class Sit-in program. She is also responsible for marketing and communications efforts, advising student organizations, and supervising student workers. Zhane holds a bachelor’s degree in Public Relations and an MBA from Tulane, combining her expertise in communication and business to support the success and engagement of Freeman’s undergraduate community.