URL: http://freeman.tulane.edu/undergraduate-business-degrees/student-organizations
TITLE: Undergraduate Student Organizations | Tulane Business School

There are many opportunities to enrich your education and get involved in a variety of student activities that can help expand your experience as well as your network.
Professional Business Fraternities
Alpha Kappa Psi – Pi Chi Chapter
We are Tulane's premier co-ed business fraternity.
Since its formation on October 5, 1904, at New York University, Alpha Kappa Psi has been the oldest, most prestigious business fraternity. Through its core values of brotherhood, knowledge, integrity, service, and unity, AKPsi is recognized as the premier developer of principled business leaders. With nearly 240,000 members, AKPsi has expanded chapters to more than 300 campuses worldwide.
The Pi Chi Chapter at Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana, was founded in 1999 and re-established in 2004. With over 130 active members pursuing the fraternity's core values, this chapter has become one of the largest AKPsi chapters in the country. The Pi Chi Chapter prides itself on the many events that it offers, including Professional Development, Speaker Series, Brotherhood, Fundraising, and Community Service events. Participation or membership in this organization is nondiscriminatory and open to all students regardless of demographic identity.
Learn more about Alpha Kappa Psi- Pi Chi Chapter.
Delta Sigma Pi – Gamma Mu Chapter
Delta Sigma Pi is one of the largest co-ed professional business fraternities in the United States. Founded on November 7, 1907 at NYU, DSP has grown to hold 223 active collegiate chapters with over 265,000 initiated members.
Learn more about Delta Sigma Pi- Gamma Mu Chapter.
Phi Chi Theta – Alpha Xi Chapter
Phi Chi Theta is a professional fraternity dedicated to fostering the development of future leaders in business. The Alpha Xi chapter supports members through various workshops, networking, and employer events.
Learn more about Phi Chi Theta- Alpha Xi Chapter.
Honor Society for Accounting, Finance, & Information Systems
Beta Alpha Psi – Beta Nu Chapter
Beta Alpha Psi (BAPsi) is an honor organization for financial information students and professionals that recognizes excellence in the field of accounting. The Beta Nu chapter at Tulane University aims to promote networking and build relationships between accounting firms and our members. Beta Alpha Psi offers members exclusive networking opportunities with accounting professionals through events, such as Meet the Firms. Our weekly meetings feature presentations by professional services firms, including PwC, EY, Deloitte and KPMG as well as other local and regional firms. The chapter currently has around 180 members and opens for pledging every semester.
Learn more about Beta Alpha Psi- Beta Nu Chapter.
International Business Honor Society
Beta Gamma Sigma
The purpose of this honorary business scholastic fraternity is to reward scholarship and accomplishment in all phases of business, to promote the advancement of education in the science of business, and to foster principles of honesty and integrity in business practices. High scholarship and promise of marked ability are the prime requisites for membership nominations. Induction ceremonies are held during the fall and spring semesters.
OUE Staff Advisor
:
Lauren Gauthier
Professional Business Student Organizations
Freeman Student Government (FSG)
The FSG is the formal organization of students enrolled in the BSM program. All BSM students are automatically members of FSG. The FSG influences many of the curricular and extracurricular activities of the School. Students play a role in modifying the curriculum, in evaluating courses, in hearings of academic integrity, in planning academically related activities, in selecting faculty for special honors, and in organizing a schedule of social events. BSM students are encouraged to take a leadership role in FSG and to support the activities sponsored by FSG.
Presidents
: Will Stover and Lucy Tuchman
Executive Vice President
: Angus Auld
Vice President of Finance
: Allen Stewart
Secretary
: Lindsay Jacobs
Freshman Class Representative
: Heidi Sun
Sophomore Class Representative
: Maeve Bradley
Junior Class Representative
: Rebecca Greenhouse
Senator in Marketing
: Olivia Dorf
Senator in Finance
: Ben Cohen
Senator in Management
: Natalie Reyes
Senator in Legal Studies
: Ka’Lea Tillman
Senator in Accounting
: Avery Solan
OUE Staff Advisor
: Zhané Nelson
Updated 4/9/2025
Global Guides
Global Guides is a group of student leaders who are passionate about international education and helping other students maximize their global experiences. Our goals are to create meaningful connections among Tulane students, to promote international programs, and to create a vibrant, international community at Tulane University.
Learn more about Global Guides.
Business & Professional Development Communities
The Alliance of Black Business Students
The Alliance of Black Business Students (ABBS) is a coalition of students enrolled in the Freeman Business School. We are devoted to promoting diversity within the Freeman Business School as well as providing support and networking opportunities. Participation in the ABBS programs, activities, and events is open to all students, regardless of race.
Learn more about the Alliance of Black Business Students.
Association of Latino Professionals for America
The mission of ALPFA at Tulane University is to empower and develop Latino leaders within the Tulane community. Our goal is to create a supportive and inclusive environment that enables our members to achieve their full potential and make a positive impact on campus and beyond. We achieve this by:
Providing opportunities for our members to develop professionally through networking events, workshops, and mentorship programs.
Building relationships with corporate partners and other organizations to create employment opportunities and promote diversity and inclusion in the workplace.
Supporting the growth and success of Latino students through leadership development, skills training, and advocacy.
Promoting cultural awareness and appreciation for the Latino community through various events and activities.
Overall, our mission is to create a strong community of Latino leaders within Tulane University and beyond, who are equipped with the skills and resources they need to succeed in their chosen fields and make a positive impact on society.
Learn more about the Association of Latino Professionals for America.
StartUp Tulane
StartUp Tulane is a community of students interested in practicing entrepreneurship, innovation, and design-thinking. We apply our knowledge, skills, and perspectives from interdisciplinary backgrounds towards developing action-based solutions for student-venture opportunities. By providing a network for these students, we are creating a platform for finding partners to collaborate on your ideas.
President
: Zane Salameh
VP
: Joseph A Noguera-Zuniga
Treasurer
: Jackson Lamb
Faculty Advisor
: Rob Lalka
Tulane Toastmasters
We provide a supportive and positive learning experience in which members are empowered to develop communication and leadership skills, resulting in greater self-confidence and personal growth.
Learn more about Tulane Toastmasters.
Women In Business
Tulane Women in Business helps students of all genders and majors network with professionals, foster a forum for collaboration, and promote equality in the workplace. In this organization, you can discover your future career in the business world.
If you want to join, add us on WaveSync and our president will add you to the Outlook mailing list. Also follow our Instagram (@tulanewib) and Facebook.
Most meetings are individual in nature with lecturers catered to one or a few business/related majors (Ex: Finance + Accounting, Marketing + Communications), so you can join anytime and go to any meetings that interest you. We recommend going to as many as possible to network with lecturers and members and explore subjects pertaining to all of the business school majors.
Learn more about Women in Business.
Consulting
Tulane Consulting Group
The Tulane Consulting Group (TCG), a selective student-run undergraduate organization, provides a space for students to learn the essential skills needed to thrive in a consulting role: data analytics, presentation, communication, and case study skills. We also teach our members how to improve their professional profiles by conducting resume and cover letter workshops. Finally, the TCG hosts guest speaker events and case competitions as an opportunity for students to show off their consulting skills and build connections with professionals in the industry. Participation or membership in this organization is nondiscriminatory and open to all students regardless of demographic identity.
Learn more about the Tulane Consulting Group.
Energy
Tulane Energy Club
The purpose of the Tulane Energy Club is to educate and inspire students interested in pursuing a career in the energy industry. In pursuit of this goal, TEC coordinates a variety of activities for its members, including a distinguished speaker series, networking events, and field trips. By enhancing students' knowledge of the energy industry and helping them develop the relationships that are vital to success, TEC also advances the post-graduate opportunities of its members.
Financial Services, Investment Banking, Wealth Management
Green Bull Investment Banking Group (GBIBG)
Green Bull Investment Banking Group (GBG) is a selective, student-run undergraduate organization at Tulane University's A.B. Freeman School of Business that equips members with the skills and knowledge needed to pursue careers in investment banking. Green Bull offers professional development, technical training, and mentorship to prepare students for recruitment and success in both internship and full-time roles.
Throughout a member’s time in Green Bull, meetings progressively build technical and professional skills, aligning with the increasing complexity of academic coursework and industry expectations. Upperclassmen serve as mentors, participate in continuing education, and help foster relationships with alumni, creating a supportive community dedicated to long-term career success.
Applications will open for sophomores, juniors, and seniors in the first week of school in Fall 2025. Freshmen recruiting occurs in Spring 2026. Feel free to reach out to Maya Naito with any questions:
anaito@tulane.edu
.
Learn more about the Green Bull Investment Banking Group.
Wall Street Krewe
Wall Street Krewe brings together people with a common interest in asset management, equity research, and other finance professions associated with Wall Street. Our club activities include discussions of asset management, discussion of equity research and stock investing, and career advancement content. We also host speakers and provide networking opportunities for members and the broader community.
Learn more about the Wall Street Krewe.
Women Investing in Women
The Tulane Women Investing in Women is an organization designed to promote the goals and needs of students interested or majoring in Finance. The organization provides information regarding careers related to Finance, opportunities to connect and learn from women in the financial industry, and connecting with peers with similar career goals for undergraduate business students. Participation or membership in Women Investing in Women is open to all students, regardless of their gender.
Learn more about Women Investing in Women.
International Professional Development & Consulting and Investment Engagement
TAMID Group
TAMID Group’s program is designed to offer experiential business learning. Beginning with an interactive classroom curriculum, the program soon progresses to give members hands-on experience with companies in the heart of the startup nation. New members participate in an interactive educational program that integrates business principles with Israel’s economic landscape. Each education semester culminates with a national case competition, where teams compete to solve a challenging business problem facing an Israeli company. After a semester of education, students may choose to join student-led consulting teams that advise Israeli companies on the solutions to important business problems. Members can also choose to join the Investment Fund program, in which teams conduct equity research and manage a stock portfolio. Each summer, members have the opportunity to spend 8-weeks in Israel on our capstone internship experience. They live and work in Tel Aviv or Jerusalem, with opportunities to learn about and explore the entire country.
Learn more about the TAMID Group.
Marketing & Marketing Industry
Tulane University American Marketing Association
The American Marketing Association (AMA) was established in 1937 and has grown to be one of the largest marketing associations in the world with over 30,000 members and alumni who work, teach, and study within the field of marketing. AMA is a nationally recognized association with chapters at universities around the country. Our club, the Tulane University American Marketing Association (TUAMA), is a student-driven organization within the A.B. Freeman School of Business. Open to all students, members attend bi-weekly meetings. TUAMA provides its members with basic information about marketing, the marketing industry, and how to brand themselves, including building a strong network, crafting a strong résumé, and ultimately landing an internship or job. TUAMA primarily communicates this information to its members through a variety of guest speakers, including Tulane professors and New Orleans business and marketing professionals. TUAMA equips its members with practical information and skills to help them succeed in today's marketing field.
Learn more about the Tulane University American Marketing Association.
Music, Entertainment, Film, Music, Hospitality
Entertainment Business Network
Our Mission
To connect ambitious students to the knowledge, resources, and community they need for successful careers in entertainment industries.
Our Goals
To bring industry leaders to Tulane’s campus for speaking events and networking opportunities.
To build students’ resumes by organizing and executing eye-catching projects.
To foster a supportive, tight-knit community for aspiring artists, athletes, and entertainment professionals.
Learn more about the Entertainment Business Network.
Green Wave Sound Music Business Association
Green Wave Sound (GWS) was established to create an easy way for student musical artists to take advantage of being in New Orleans and find gigs at venues throughout the city. We plan on getting in contact with places like Tipitinas and House of Blues to find opportunities for these students to share their work and perform for friends, family, and New Orleans locals. GWS will give students online exposure via social media, for example, with things like Instagram Live performances in addition to uploading original sounds on to TikTok. New Orleans is one of the greatest cities for music, so we’re trying to take advantage as much as we can! You don’t have to be an artist to join GWS - we hope to have an event planning committee, a production committee, a marketing team, and maybe even others. This is something that we are passionate about and believe it is a great opportunity for Tulane students to get performance exposure.
Real Estate Finance, Investment, Analysis, & Development
Tulane Real Estate Group
Tulane Real Estate Group (TREG) is established for the purpose of bringing together people who share a common appreciation of commercial real estate. Members of TREG wish to build a strong and productive network of connections in the real estate industry that supports and encourages the members to pursue their goals. TREG will offer opportunities for members to learn about commercial real estate through site tours, office visits, case competitions, and networking events.
Join TREG.
Learn more about the Tulane Real Estate Group.
Sports
Tulane Formula Racing
The Formula SAE® series competitions challenge teams of university undergraduate and graduate students to conceive, design, fabricate, develop, and compete with small, formula-style vehicles. The competitions give teams the chance to demonstrate and prove both their creativity and engineering skills in comparison to teams from other universities around the world. Members from all backgrounds are welcome, especially those interested in design engineering, and business.
Learn more about Tulane Formula Racing.
Tulane Sports Analytics Association
The purpose of the Tulane Sports Analytics Association is to unite undergraduate and graduate students in research into sports analytics. One goal is to help students interested in a career in sports enhance their skills, resumes, and portfolios. Whether pursuing a career in sports or not, we want all students to learn more about sports, statistics, and data.
Tulane Sports Business Association
We are a club consisted of Tulane students who are interested in pursuing a career in the sports business field. Our purpose as a club is to provide knowledge of what goes on behind the scenes in the sports world. We bring in multiple speakers each semester, ranging from different fields including sports operations, sports management, sports agency, and more. The end goal that we are working towards is to be a club that can help students connect with companies in the sports field, including professional sports teams, to help Tulane students get those hard-fought jobs and internships.
Learn more about Tulane Sports Business Association.
Tulane Sports Business Conference
Developing & Newly Forming Student Organizations
Scholars of Finance
The Tulane Algorithmic Trading Club
The Tulane Algorithmic Trading Club addresses the technological challenges in today's markets by supporting research, facilitating discussions, and hosting the hands-on development of computerized trading programs. Open to all students, members will gain real-world skills through writing and developing their own trading algorithms while learning from the wisdom and experience of their peers and faculty advisors. Algorithms are tested against the markets and against other members in real-time using industry-standard platforms.
TUCRE Brokerage Group
Wave Hospitality Group
A student organization launched in partnership with the Hospitality Certificate Program to celebrate and foster a passion for the hospitality industry. We plan to host distinguished speakers, provide career networking opportunities, and undertake projects aimed at advancing hospitality education at Tulane.
Tulane is an equal opportunity educator and employer. Legally protected demographic classifications such as race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, etc., are not relied upon as eligibility or participation criteria for employment or educational programs or activities. Participation or membership in student clubs/organizations is open to all students.