URL: http://freeman.tulane.edu/undergraduate-business-degrees/freeman-beyond
TITLE: Freeman Beyond | Freeman School of Business Tulane University

Freeman Beyond
Elevating Your Undergraduate Experience
Freeman BEYOND is a dynamic, interactive program designed to enhance Freeman undergraduate students' experiences and skills.
Download the Suitable mobile app to connect with Freeman BEYOND.
More than just the classroom
With a focus on fostering professional business competencies, the Freeman Beyond program encourages students to actively engage in a wide range of activities, from attending academic events to participating in student organizations to campus leadership positions, empowering students to build a well-rounded portfolio that reflects their holistic development and prepares them for success beyond college.
Discover Freeman Beyond
Discover Freeman Beyond, an innovative program helping students develop the eight essential business competencies employers seek: Communication, Critical Thinking, Leadership, Professionalism, Technology, Teamwork, Career & Self-Development, and Culture & Opportunity. This gamified journey rewards engagement with points and badges, culminating in a special graduation pin for those who master all competencies. Download the Freeman Beyond app today to enhance your professional growth through meaningful experiences on campus, in the community, and throughout your career.
Why Engage with Freeman BEYOND?
Earn Awareness
Engage in academic and extracurricular activities to take ownership of your learning and growth.
Build Skills
Expand your potential and empower yourself to take on more complex tasks and responsibilities with confidence.
Track Your Achievements
Track your progress as you complete milestones for each competency.
Have Fun
Explore new academic experiences and activities through a gamified environment for fun competition.
How does Freeman BEYOND work?
Freeman BEYOND is an innovative program designed to help students document and showcase their professional business and academic achievements.
Students earn points and badges
, which are tracked in the Freeman BEYOND app, powered by Suitable. This dynamic and interactive app enables students to highlight their skills and experiences for potential employers, graduate schools, and others whom they will engage with post-graduation.
With a goal of reaching 3,000 points in 8 different core professional business competencies by the time they graduate, students will engage in any number of activities that generally fall into four categories:
Academics
- Students can earn significant points by completing two required BSM Connected Learning Series courses: CDMA2201 (Career Development and Management) and MCOM3200 (Management Communications). Additional points are awarded for exceptional achievements in experiential learning courses, where students demonstrate leadership, critical thinking, inclusivity, or other core program competencies.
Career Preparation
– Earn points and build the competencies, connections, and confidence for future success by participating in career education courses, events, and
Freeman EDGE programs
—network with professionals at workshops, industry nights, and employer events, both virtual and on-campus. Complete an internship? You’ll earn points as internships strengthen all 8 core business competencies.
Freeman Co-Curricular Activities
- Earn additional points through Freeman BEYOND by engaging in activities that support your BSM learning objectives outside the classroom. Study abroad,  join a Freeman student organization, be a TA for a professor, work-study, or volunteer with Freeman departments like EDI or Freeman Abroad—all qualify for extra points when you share and reflect on these experiences.
Extra-Curricular Activities
- Freeman BEYOND awards points for activities outside of Freeman and academics that shape your growth. Involvement as an RA, in Greek Life, intramurals, Student Government, or the Office of Multicultural Affairs helps build core business competencies essential for success after graduation.
What are Freeman BEYOND’s targeted professional business competencies?
Career & Self-Development
Continuously improve your personal and professional growth through ongoing learning and skill development.
Communication
Share ideas, information, and perspectives in a clear and effective manner.
Critical Thinking
Assess situations and analyze relevant information to identify needs and determine appropriate responses.
Culture & Opportunity
Show understanding, respect, and skills to engage with people from all backgrounds in a fair manner.
Leadership
Recognize and leverage both your own strengths and those of your team to achieve success.
Professionalism
Exhibit strong work habits and maintain a high standard of conduct in professional settings.
Teamwork
Foster cooperative relationships and collaborate effectively to achieve shared objectives.
Technology
Use technology responsibly and strategically to improve efficiency, complete tasks, and achieve goals.
Get Started with Freeman BEYOND
1.
Download the Suitable mobile app
- Use the links below or go to
app.suitable.co
on a desktop.
Download on the App Store
Get it on Google Play
2.
Login to the Suitable app
- Use your university email address and password. Be sure to allow notifications from the app to stay up to date and allow the app to access your phone's camera.
3.
Check the app daily
– Check in to participate in events and activities.
4.
Reflect
– Submit post-activities and/or reflections for points.
5.
Earn
– Badges and swag.
Questions or Technical Issues?
Email Charlotte Battiest, Director of Undergraduate Student Experience,
cbatties@tulane.edu
.