URL: http://freeman.tulane.edu/undergraduate/bsm-macct
TITLE: Five-Year BSM/MACCT Program | Tulane University

Program Overview
The Freeman School’s BSM-MACCT program allows you to graduate in five years with two degrees: a BSM in the major of your choice (Finance, Legal Studies, Management or Marketing) and a Master of Accounting degree. In this program, you will complete 122 undergraduate credit hours for the BSM degree and an additional 30 graduate credit hours for the master’s degree.
Admissions
At Freeman, you’ll receive personal attention throughout the admissions process and beyond. Our admissions team will provide individual feedback to determine which course of study is the best fit for you, and we’ll counsel you on how to put forth your strongest application.
All applicants receive consideration for
scholarships
. GMAT/GRE waivers are available for qualified candidates. All applicants need to complete both the undergraduate and MACCT graduate program applications.
Student Spotlight
Nick Arminio (BSM/MACCT '21) shares why pursuing his master's degree at Tulane was an unparalleled experience, combining the vibrant culture of New Orleans with exceptional academic opportunities. He credits Freeman's writing and data analytics programs with equipping him for success in his current role as a senior auditor at one of the Big 4 accounting firms.
The Freeman Experience
Freeman provides opportunities to consult with a startup, dive deep into the energy industry, connect with peers at institutions around the world or continue your education with a non-degree program. This along with signature classes, project-based courses and exceptional facilities allows Freeman to emphasize action learning by giving students the hands-on experience that they will use on the first day of their career and throughout their professional lives.
Learn More about the Freeman Experience
Five-Year BSM/MACCT Curriculum
The courses in the
Master of Accounting
program will give you the real-world knowledge and skills to prepare you for an accounting career or to enter the world of finance. As you complete your
accounting degree requirements
, you will reach beyond your comfort zone through deliberate and intentional educational experiences. You will put your knowledge to use such as doing the research accountants do in practice, by applying the Accounting Standards Codification to case facts or stepping into the shoes of a KPMG employee through the KPMG Career Catalyst Program.
Five-Year BSM/MACCT Curriculum
Ready to earn your graduate degree?
We are ready to assist you in your next step.
Find us on Social Media
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
TikTok
Youtube
Website