URL: http://freeman.tulane.edu/undergraduate/4plus1
TITLE: Freeman 4+1 Program | Freeman School of Business Tulane University

Fast-track your education and career by earning both a bachelor's and master’s degree in just five years with Freeman’s 4+1 program.
What is a 4+1 Program?
A 4+1 program allows Freeman undergraduate students to earn a graduate degree with just one additional year of study, combining the final year of a bachelor’s program with the first year of a master’s program. At Freeman, our 4+1 pathway offers streamlined entry into three in-demand graduate programs:
Master of Finance (MFIN)
Master of Management in Energy (MME)
Master of Business Analytics and AI (MANA)
Why Choose the 4+1 Program?
Save Time and Tuition
Complete 12 hours of graduate-level coursework during your junior and senior undergraduate years.
Maximize Financial Aid
All undergraduate financial aid will apply up to 12 hours of graduate-level coursework, saving you an entire year of graduate school tuition. During your fifth year, you’ll be eligible for graduate financial aid and fellowships.
Accelerate Your Career
Graduate faster with advanced skills for a competitive edge.
Who is Eligible for a 4+1 Program?
Any Freeman undergraduate student with a GPA of 3.0 or higher can enroll in the Freeman 4+1 Program.
Prerequisites Required
Master of Business Analytics and AI
Advanced Spreadsheet Modeling
Business Statistics & Modeling with R
Master of Management in Energy
ACCN 3100 Intermediate Accounting I
ENRG 4100 Energy Economics, Markets, & Policy
Master of Finance
ACCN 3100 Intermediate Accounting I
FINE 3010 Financial Management
CDMA 4020 Advanced Career Development & Management
Four Steps to enroll in a 4+1 program
1. Schedule an Advising Meeting
Schedule a meeting with Shira Hussain, Director of Undergraduate Advising, to discuss your interest in the 4+1 program. Ideally, this meeting will happen during your freshman or sophomore year to ensure you can take full advantage of the program’s benefits.
Email Shira
Schedule an Appointment with Shira
2. Complete a Program Plan
If you determine you want to move forward, the Program Director will work with you to draft a personalized program plan to ensure you complete the proper prerequisites during your undergraduate program and are eligible for Freeman graduate coursework during your senior year.
3. Complete a Graduate Application
Your program plan will indicate the semester you should officially apply to your graduate program. An Admissions team member will contact you during the application period of your graduate degree program.
4. Graduate & Continue with your 5th Year
After earning your undergraduate degree, complete your master's degree in as little as 18 credits during your fifth year at Tulane.
Graduate Programs
Learn more about graduate programs.
Get Started Today
Save Time, Save Money, and Get Ahead with Freeman’s 4+1 Program! For more information,
contact our admissions office
or
schedule a meeting with your academic advisor
today!