URL: http://freeman.tulane.edu/undergraduate/legal-studies-major
TITLE: Majoring in Legal Studies in Business | Tulane University

A major in
Legal Studies in Business
introduces you to the principles of the law, social values, moral concerns, financial regulation, insurance, risk management, and intellectual property, to name a few, and how these concepts relate to business and commerce. The Legal Studies major helps students develop essential non-quantitative reasoning skills that leaders must use in making complicated choices under circumstances of empirical and moral uncertainty – a common theme in rapidly changing markets. Legal Studies majors develop many analytic skills, including the ability to identify legal and moral issues concealed within complicated and multifaceted fact patterns; the ability to use legal and moral principles to form ethical and legal conclusions; the ability to reason by analogy between like cases and circumstances; and the ability to argue from legal and moral rules and precedents to form logically consistent recommendations for action.
To complete a Legal Studies in Business major,
two courses are required
:
In
Business Law
, you’ll start with the basics of contracts, then explore the intersections of law and business, including business entities, basics of contracts, mergers, bankruptcy, and specialized topics like property law, insurance law and estate law.
In
Legal Writing and Research
, you’ll be introduced to legal databases and learn how to interpret and apply case law and how to draft memoranda and briefs.
You’ll take 12 hours of
Legal Studies electives
, choosing from courses covering a wide variety of topics including taxation, discrimination, employment, e-commerce and white-collar crime. Sample classes include:
In
Preventing Discrimination in Business
, you’ll examine the effect of legal and regulatory requirements on business decisions regarding issues of race and inclusion. The course focuses on the legal requirements and ethical implications of business decisions regarding racial and discriminatory issues in a variety of business endeavors.
Billions of people are active on social media, and firms such as Google, Facebook, Amazon and Alibaba are among the world’s most valuable and influential.
The Law of E-Commerce
covers topics including dispute resolution, cyber torts, crimes, intellectual property issues, risk management, information security and privacy issues.
White Collar Crime
addresses the unlawful activities that damage major corporations and financial institutions; Federal, state and local governments; and private organizations and individuals. You’ll learn about specific offenses such as fraud, obstruction of justice, bribery, environmental crime, computer crimes, currency crimes, insider trading and RICO.
As a legal studies major, you may be able to take advantage of
special opportunities
only available at Freeman.
You can apply for
Court Watch
, a service-learning course that will send you into court to analyze the efficiency of the New Orleans criminal justice system by observing how judges preside over criminal trials.
You may choose to take
Mock Trial
, a year-long course that includes simulation exercises involving trial preparation and trial procedures, including motion filing and oral arguments.
In addition to elective requirements within your major, you will also complete
12 hours of general business electives
. For these courses, you can choose from any academic area, as long as you are not also counting them toward your major requirements. With electives, you can explore topics outside your major that will apply to the career path you ultimately choose. If you wish, you can use these 12-credits towards an additional Freeman major, minor or certificate (our Freeman academic advisors can guide you through your options).
Highlights from Our Legal Studies Coursework
Consult the
Tulane catalog
for complete degree requirements.
A variety of courses will introduce important skills and concepts to help prepare you for a major in Legal Studies:
Required Foundational Coursework for a Legal Studies Major:
ENGL 1010 English (
top notch writing skills are mandatory in the legal profession!
)
MCOM 3200 Management Communications
LGST 3010 Legal, Ethical and Regulatory Environment of Business
Required Legal Studies Major Courses:
LGST 4100 Business Law
LGST 4110 Legal Writing & Research
Legal Studies Major Electives:
Students may choose from an approved list of Legal Studies electives, including:
LGST 4040 Preventing Discrimination in Business
LGST 4120 International Business Law
LGST 4140 Insurance & Risk Management
LGST 4150 Real Estate Law
LGST 4160 Law of E-Commerce
LGST 4170 Employment Law
LGST 4175 White Collar Crime I - Conspiracy, Fraud, and Other Offenses
LGST 4180 Sports & Entertainment Law
LGST 4185 White Collar Crime II - Scams and Scandals
LGST 4210 & LGST 4220 Mock Trial and Mock Trial II (
Instructor approval required. This year long sequence must be taken in its entirety.)
MGMT 4170 Negotiations
MKTG 4275 Law in Marketing
TAXN 4100 Principles of Entity Taxation
Note: Not all electives are offered every year. Some are only offered in the Spring or Fall.
Current students are encouraged to log into
Gibson
and select Degree Works Audit to check their progress and to meet with their Business Academic Advisor to review course selection.