URL: http://freeman.tulane.edu/undergraduate/marketing-major
TITLE: Majoring in Marketing | Tulane University

With a major in Marketing, you will learn the issues surrounding bringing a product or service to market, including customer awareness, pricing and measuring success. You will be able to analyze marketing problems from an evidence-based perspective using data and generate well-thought-out, creative solutions.
A major in Marketing requires
three foundational classes
, and you have some flexibility in selection. Throughout your coursework, you will apply the principles of marketing to real-world situations to learn how the success (or failure) of marketing strategies depends on the adherence to foundational theories.
All students are required to take
Research and Analytics
, which will introduce you to methods for collecting, analyzing, and interpreting consumer and market data. You’ll learn how to critically evaluate and communicate quantitative information and use it to make strategic decisions.
For your second course, you can choose either
Advanced Marketing Strategy
or
Sales Management
.
In
Advanced Marketing Strategy
, you will learn the wide variety of factors that influence marketing decisions, using both quantitative and qualitative analysis.
In
Sales Management
, you will learn the principles of persuasion and personal branding as well as how to manage a sales team.
For your third course, you can choose either Consumer Behavior or Social and Online Marketing.
In
Consumer Behavior
, you will learn the cognitive, emotional, social and contextual factors that govern consumer decision-making.
In
Social and Online Marketing
, you will use a mix of theoretical and practical exercises to help you see online tools from a marketing perspective.
You will take 9 hours of
Marketing electives
, which provide specialized knowledge in areas like brand management, consumer behavior, analytics, customer relationships, retailing and pricing. Sample courses include the following:
Advertising and Promotion
is designed to provide the conceptual underpinnings of marketing communication and reflect the role of media strategies in providing information, persuading, selling and creating popular culture. You will apply the concepts and develop a real-world marketing communication program.
Brand Management
addresses the fundamental branding decisions faced by a firm when determining how to build, measure and manage brand equity. You will learn how to plan brand strategies, evaluate brand strategies and examine the actions needed to improve a brand’s long-term sustainability.
New Product Development
introduces students to the new product development process to maximize the likelihood of their success. Students will learn how to identify potential ideas and markets for new product development; how to position, price and advertise new products; and how to measure potential sales and success prior to launch.
In addition to elective requirements within your major, you will also complete 12 hours of
general business electives
. For these courses, you can choose from any academic area, as long as you are not also counting them toward your major requirements. With electives, you can explore topics outside your major that will apply to the career path you ultimately choose. If you wish, you can use these 12-credits towards an additional Freeman major, minor or certificate (our Freeman academic advisors can guide you through your options).
These select core courses will introduce important skills and concepts to help prepare you for a major in Marketing:
Highlights from Our Marketing Coursework
Consult the
Tulane catalog
for complete degree requirements.
A variety of courses will introduce important skills and concepts to help prepare you for a major in Marketing:
Required Foundational Coursework for a Marketing Major:
MGSC 3010 Introduction to Business Analytics
MKTG 3010 Marketing Fundamentals
PSYC 1000 Introduction to Psychology
Required Marketing Major Courses:
MKTG 4110 Research & Analytics
Either MKTG 4220 Sales Management or MKTG 4120 Advanced Marketing Strategy
Either MKTG 4100 Consumer Behavior or MKTG 4250 Social and Online Marketing
Marketing Major Electives:
Three additional MKTG courses selected from an approved list, including:
MKTG 4100 Consumer Behavior*
MKTG 4120 Advanced Marketing Strategy*
MKTG 4145 New Product Development
MKTG 4155 Brand Management
MKTG 4165 Retailing
MKTG 4220 Sales Management*
MKTG 4230 Global Marketing
MKTG 4250 Social and Online Marketing*
MKTG 4260 Advertising and Promotions
MKTG 4275 Law in Marketing
MKTG 4280 Sports Marketing
Note: Not all electives are offered every year. Some are only offered in the Spring or Fall.
* Courses taken to fulfill the major requirements cannot be counted among the nine additional elective credits.
Career-Oriented Tracks and Suggested Classes
The following recommendations are provided as a guide to students with focused interests but are not required.
Sales and Relationship Management Track
Recommended Courses in Marketing
MKTG 4145 New Product Development
MKTG 4220 Sales Management
Recommended Business Electives
MGMT 4120 Corporate and Cooperative Strategy
MGMT 4160 Leadership
MGMT 4170 Negotiations
Brand Management and Advertising Track
Recommended Courses in Marketing
MKTG 4100 Consumer Behavior
MKTG 4155 Brand Management
MKTG 4220 Sales Management
MKTG 4250 Social and Online Marketing
MKTG 4260 Advertising and Promotions
Recommended Newcomb-Tulane College Electives (do not count towards the business major)
PSYC 3130 Experimental Psychology
PSYC 3430 Introduction to Social Psychology
Marketing Analytics Focus
Analytics help marketers make data-driven decisions to more efficiently target consumers.
Recommended Newcomb-Tulane College Electives (do not count towards the business major)
ECON 3230 Intro to Econometrics
ECON 4230 Econometrics
CMPS 1500 Introduction to Computer Science I
Recommended Business Electives
FINE 4170 Financial Modeling
Current students are encouraged to log into
Gibson
and select Degree Works Audit to check their progress and to meet with their Business Academic Advisor to review course selection.