URL: http://freeman.tulane.edu/undergraduate-business-degrees/bsm-minors
TITLE: Business Minors - Declare a Minor | Tulane

For Business Majors
If you’ve declared a business major with Freeman, you are already propelling yourself toward career success. By adding a minor in a different field of business, you can differentiate yourself when you enter the marketplace. BSM students can choose from six minors; click the discipline to view requirements and courses.
Accounting
Finance
Legal Studies
Management
Marketing
Entrepreneurial Business
For All Tulane Undergraduates
Tulane undergraduates who have not declared the Bachelor of Science in Management (BSM) as their major can obtain a business minor through either Freeman's
Entrepreneurial Business Minor
or
General Business Minor
programs.
General Business Minor
The new Freeman General Business Minor gives students across Tulane’s undergraduate colleges the opportunity to gain a strong foundation in business while pursuing their primary area of study. The curriculum is designed specifically to align with your degree requirements in other schools across Tulane.
The Freeman General Business Minor is also designed to provide entry into Freeman’s 4+1 Graduate programs. Tulane undergraduates interested in Freeman's 4+1 program can align there minor with the graduate program they are interested in.
Students can begin as early as the first semester of their freshman year, finishing any time before they graduate.
Learn more about the Freeman General Business Minor
.
Entrepreneurial Business Minor
Students of any major can earn a minor in Entrepreneurship by completing 18 hours of coursework which builds from core concepts in entrepreneurship to immersive experiential learning. Students pursuing the Entrepreneurial Business minor have access to the resources of the
Lepage Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation
, including the
Student Venture Incubator
,
Innovators-in-Residence
, networking opportunities, and more.
Students are encouraged to begin the minor in their sophomore year in order to complete the sequence of classes.
Learn more about the Entrepreneurial Business Minor
.
Ready to Learn More?
Talk to your academic advisor or schedule a meeting with the
Freeman Undergraduate Advising team
to learn more. You can also review a list of
frequently asked questions about Freeman's Business Minors
.