URL: http://freeman.tulane.edu/undergraduate/accounting-major
TITLE: Majoring in Accounting | Freeman School of Business Tulane University

A major in accounting emphasizes the knowledge and analytical skills needed to succeed in a dynamic business environment. Accountants are trusted to measure, analyze, and communicate financial information to both internal and external decision-makers, and the program therefore emphasizes not only technical skills, but critical thinking and soft skills necessary to succeed.
Students gain a comprehensive foundation through courses in financial and managerial accounting, and taxation. Electives allow students to further tailor their education to their goals, exploring areas such as accounting analytics, accounting information systems, auditing, risk management, forensic accounting, and advanced taxation.
To complete an Accounting major,
three courses are required
:
Intermediate Accounting I
will build on the knowledge you gained in your business core accounting classes in order to develop the skills to prepare and analyze corporate financial statements, focusing on the asset side of the balance sheet. In addition, you’ll understand how managerial incentives interplay with financial reporting.
In
Intermediate Accounting II
, you’ll continue the intensive examination of financial reporting issues with a focus on liabilities and stockholders’ equity.
In
Principles of Entity Taxation
, you’ll examine the federal system of taxation as it relates to businesses. The course includes an analysis of the taxation of corporations, S corporations, and partnerships.
You’ll then take 15 hours of
Accounting electives
, choosing from courses covering a wide variety of topics including analytics, auditing, taxation and research/forensics. Sample classes include:
Accounting Analytics
, where you’ll focus on the role of the “business person” rather than the “technology person” in data analytics. Taught with a hands-on approach, this course takes advantage of accounting data to solve real business problems.
Forensic Accounting
, where you’ll learn how accounting is used to interpret the financial statements of public and private companies to address matters of fraud, business valuation and economic damages. This course has achieved a “Level 5” experiential learning designation through Freeman’s Schwarz Center.
Taxation of Individuals
, where you’ll analyze facts and synthesize Internal Revenue Code rules in order to solve individual tax issues as well as prepare your own personal tax return.
In addition to elective requirements within your major, you will also complete
12 hours of general business electives
. For these courses, you can choose from any academic area, as long as you are not also counting them toward your major requirements. With electives, you can explore topics outside your major that will apply to the career path you ultimately choose. If you wish, you can use these 12-credits towards an additional Freeman major, minor or certificate (our Freeman academic advisors can guide you through your options).
Highlights from Our Accounting Coursework
Consult the
Tulane catalog
for complete degree requirements.
A variety of courses will introduce important skills and concepts to help prepare you for a major in Accounting:
Required Foundational Coursework for an Accounting Major:
ACCN 2010 Financial Accounting
ACCN 3010 Managerial Accounting
FINE 3010 Financial Management
Required Accounting Major Courses:
ACCN 3100 Intermediate Accounting I
ACCN 4110 Intermediate Accounting II
TAXN 4100 Principals of Entity Taxation
Accounting Major Electives:
Students may choose from an approved list of Accounting electives, including:
ACCN 3290 Accounting Analytics
ACCN 4050 Ethics in Accounting
ACCN 4100 Auditing
ACCN 4120 Advanced Financial Accounting
ACCN 4130 Financial Statement Analysis
ACCN 4140 Advanced Managerial Accounting
ACCN 4150 Accounting Information Systems
ACCN 4200 Accounting Research
ACCN 4240 Forensic Accounting
ACCN 4280 Operational Risk Management
ACCN 4570 Risk Management, Complex Contracts and Accounting
TAXN 4260 Taxation of Individuals
TAXN 4280 Research in Taxation
TAXN 4290 Partnership & S Corporation Taxation
Note:
Not all electives are offered every year.
All electives are only offered in the Spring or Fall semester.
If an accounting major student desires to become CPA eligible, they should meet with Professor
Christine Smith
to discuss specific elective courses to be taken.
Current students are encouraged to log into
Gibson
and select Degree Works Audit to check their progress and to meet with their Business Academic Advisor to review course selection.