URL: http://freeman.tulane.edu/undergraduate/bsm-specializations
TITLE: BSM Degree Specializations - Bachelors Degrees | Tulane

By adding a specialization in energy or entrepreneurship, students pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Management degree can expand and enhance their professional toolkit and gain an edge in the job market.
With a specialization, you’ll integrate theory with practice while acquiring valuable skill sets. Each specialization is coordinated by one of the Freeman School’s prestigious interdisciplinary centers: The
Tulane Energy Institute
and the
Albert Lepage Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation
.
Energy Specialization
Students pursuing an energy specialization will have access to the
Tulane Energy Institute
, which provides industry connections and access to cutting-edge research. By completing nine credits of energy-focused coursework and receiving approval, you can earn an energy specialization notation on your transcript, a credential that signifies you’re prepared to take on a variety of roles with energy companies, banks, utilities, trading organizations, consulting firms and other energy-related businesses.
The specialization combines classroom instruction from professors with extensive industry experience with one-of-a-kind experiential learning opportunities. Through courses including Energy Economics, Energy Finance, Energy Policy, Energy Investment Banking and Energy Trading, you’ll learn the fundamentals of energy and gain invaluable experience using the same databases and commercial software that industry professionals use.
The energy specialization is available to students entering prior to fall 2023. Beginning in 2023-24, BSM students can earn a
certificate in energy
.
Entrepreneurship Specialization
By completing nine credits of entrepreneurship coursework and receiving approval, you can earn an entrepreneurship specialization notation on your transcript, a credential that signifies you have the skills to add value to innovative, early stage ventures.
As a student in the entrepreneurial specialization program, you’ll choose from courses in entrepreneurial finance, management and other related areas while having the opportunity to connect with successful entrepreneurs through Tulane’s respected
Albert Lepage Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation
. With a specialization in entrepreneurship, you’ll acquire a unique skill set that will help you stand out from the crowd when you embark upon your career.
The entrepreneurship specialization is available to students entering prior to fall 2023. Beginning in 2023-24, BSM students can earn a
minor in Entrepreneurial Business
.