URL: http://freeman.tulane.edu/undergraduate/study-abroad-exchange/outgoing-students/application-process
TITLE: Applications for Outgoing Students | Tulane University

Most Tulane A.B. Freeman School of Business students study abroad with Freeman Study Abroad during their junior year. As you begin planning for study abroad, here is what you need to know about the different stages of the application process.
Getting Started
Read about the general program and application information on the
Semester Abroad Program
Brochure Page.
Click "Apply Now" from the Semester Abroad program brochure page to start your
Freeman application
(future application phases are made available typically 2 semesters prior to the study abroad semester).
Research which programs you are most interested in and make an appointment for
one-on-one advising
with a Freeman Abroad Advisor.
Complete your host university request list with the 3-5 programs that you are most interested in.
Complete your Freeman Abroad application by deadline.
Submit $500 non-refundable confirmation deposit after placement.
Submit secondary application to host school after nomination.
Freeman Application
In the initial phase of the application, requirements include the following:
Participant Profile
Copy of passport (must be valid for 6 months beyond program end date)
Personal statement
Host university request list (list of student's top preferences of host institutions in order of preference)
Conditions of participation
Students are notified of placement approximately 10 days after the application deadline. Once selected and offered placement at a host university, students have one week to accept/decline the placement and pay the non-refundable commitment deposit. As programs fill, students are put on an automatic waitlist and may be offered a spot as those spots become available. Students who accept a placement will be nominated to the host institution and are then required to submit a secondary application according to the schedule set forth by the host institution.
Secondary Application
Most programs require a secondary application that students submit directly to the host university after nomination. The secondary application will be due by a date determined by the host university and may require some of the same documents Freeman requires.
It is up to the student to understand the requirements and submit the secondary application by the deadline dictated by the host institution. Tulane cannot interfere with partner institutions' policies, procedures, or academic calendars.
What's Next?
After completing the secondary application, students then embark upon the next stages of arranging to spend a semester abroad. They need to think about renewing travel documents, researching visa application requirements, housing, etc... Some of these processes (i.e., visas) are complicated to understand and can take a long time to process. Students who start familiarizing themselves early with these processes are best prepared when it comes time to complete these processes. Here are some of the things you should have on your radar during and after the application process:
Contact with Host Institution:
Once you are fully admitted to your host institution, in most cases you will receive an email address and some access to their systems. It is critical to check that email frequently and to maintain contact with your host institution.
Passports
: You should already have applied for a new passport at this stage if necessary. If you do not currently have a passport or your passport is expiring, apply for a new passport immediately and request it to be expedited.
A valid passport is mandatory to apply to many host institutions and especially for a visa.
Visa Applications
:
Most governments require a visa for entry into their country. A visa, which is a stamp or attachment in your passport, allows you to stay in that specific country for a certain amount of time. Visas are issued by a consulate or embassy of that country. Each country has its own immigration and visa policies. It is your responsibility to research how to apply for your visa, understand the requirements, make travel arrangements to apply for your visa (if necessary), and make sure you have fulfilled all of the requirements necessary before your departure.
Housing
: Most host universities provide resources and/or assistance in identifying local housing. However, this is not guaranteed. Ultimately, students are responsible for locating and arranging their own housing. Freeman Abroad does not provide housing services or arrange accommodations for students. For information on housing available at each partner institution, students should browse to the "Housing" tab on the
Freeman Abroad
brochure page for the specific host institution.
Course Registration:
Because each student becomes a full-time student at their host institution, they will be enrolling in courses based upon the schedule, procedures and policies of the host institution. Students should familiarize themselves with the course offerings and processes as early as possible.
Tulane Enrollment:
During the pre-registration period prior to your study abroad semester, you will register for a study abroad placeholder course that maintains your enrollment at Tulane University during your term abroad. You must clear any holds on your account before you can register. Neither the Registrar nor Freeman are responsible for following up on delayed registrations due to holds.
Educate Yourself:
This is an exciting time! Learning about your host culture, institution, etc. can help prepare you for your experience. There are so many resources available to you to get what you need.
Get Involved:
Take advantage of any opportunity to connect with exchange students here at Tulane from our partner institutions. The best way to do that is to sign up to be a Buddy and/or participate in
Global Guides
. You can also attend the
Tulane Global Cafe
every Tuesday in the LBC mezzanine from 2-4 pm to meet more internationally minded Tulanians.