URL: http://freeman.tulane.edu/undergraduate/bachelor-science-management
TITLE: Undergraduate Business Degrees | Tulane University

Program Overview
At Freeman, we're not business as usual.
Whether you’re aiming for the Fortune 500, hoping to start your own business, or still figuring it out, we’ll help you get there. As an undergraduate business student at Tulane, you will have opportunities to get real world experience, in-depth knowledge and access to a broad alumni network - all while living in one of the world’s great cities.
Curious about what it's like being a Freeman Student? Come try it out! Sign up today to schedule a visit to sit in on one of our classes.
Request a Class Visit
Freeman BEYOND
Elevating Your Undergraduate Experience
Learn More
The Freeman BSM
Discover how Freeman's Bachelor of Science in Management program transforms ambitious students into business leaders.
BSM Majors
Freeman's Bachelor of Science in Management (BSM) program offers the following Majors.
Accounting
A major in Accounting emphasizes the knowledge and analytical skills needed to succeed in a dynamic business environment. Accountants are trusted to measure, analyze, and communicate financial information to both internal and external decision-makers, and the program therefore emphasizes not only technical skills, but critical thinking and soft skills necessary to succeed.
Learn more about majoring in Accounting.
Finance
The rigorous Finance curriculum introduces you to corporate finance, capital markets and investments. Through core classes on valuation, accounting and fixed income analysis, you will gain the technical and analytical skills necessary to understand how financial markets function, how businesses operate and how to make decisions within these markets.
Learn more about majoring in Finance.
Legal Studies in Business
A major in Legal Studies in Business introduces you to the principles of the law, social values and moral concerns as they relate to business and commerce. You will develop the essential non-quantitative reasoning skills to make complicated choices under circumstances of empirical and moral uncertainty – a common theme in rapidly changing markets. You will learn to apply principles to form ethical and legal conclusions, as well as how to argue from legal and moral rules and precedents to form logically consistent recommendations for action.
Learn more about majoring in Legal Studies in Business.
Management
A major in Management provides you with skills and training that apply to all manners of business, preparing you to take on significant challenges and responsibilities in private, public and not-for-profit organizations. You will be ready to make strategic decisions, manage people and bring new technologies and innovations to market.
Learn more about majoring in Management.
Marketing
With a major in Marketing, you will learn the issues surrounding bringing a product or service to market, including customer awareness, pricing and measuring success. You will be able to analyze marketing problems from an evidence-based perspective using data and generate well-thought-out, creative solutions.
Learn more about majoring in Marketing.
Real-World Outcomes
The 2025 BSM graduating class achieved a 90% employment rate with an average base salary of $78,000.
2025 BSM Employment Report
Through its central Office of Financial Aid, Tulane offers both merit- and need-based aid programs. All admitted students are considered for merit-based scholarships, and the review process is need-blind. Several need-based aid awards and programs are also available.
Tuition & Aid
Gain Perspective with a Business Minor or Certificate
Differentiate yourself by obtaining a business minor, or become an industry leader by completing a certificate program.
Business Minors
The Freeman School of Business offers the following minors:
For Business Majors
Accounting
Finance
Legal Studies in Business
Management
Marketing
For All Tulane Undergraduates
Entrepreneurial Business
General Business Minor
Business Minors
Certificates Program
The Freeman School of Business offers the following undergraduate certificate programs:
Business Analytics and AI
Energy
Hospitality Management and Entrepreneurship
Real Estate Finance and Investment
Sport Management
Certificates Program
With Freeman’s dedicated Career Management Center, you will learn the skills to find your first destination and to guide your career development throughout your professional life.
Career Management Center
4+1 Degree Options
4+1 programs allow Freeman undergraduate students to earn a graduate degree with just one additional year of study, combining the final year of a bachelor’s program with the first year of a master’s program.
Freeman offers three graduate degree options in the 4+1 Program.
Master of Finance
Master of Management in Energy
Master of Business Analytics and AI
Five-Year BSM/MACCT
The Freeman School’s BSM-MACCT program allows you to graduate in five years with two degrees: a BSM in the major of your choice (Finance, Legal Studies, Management or Marketing) and a Master of Accounting degree. In this program, you will complete 122 undergraduate credit hours for the BSM degree and an additional 30 graduate credit hours for the master’s degree.
Five-Year BSM/MACCT
Freeman offers a broad range of student organizations that allow you to pursue your interests, develop leadership skills and enhance your experience.
View Student Organizations
Study Abroad & Exchange
Whether you’re looking for a summer, semester or year-long program, Freeman’s office of Study Abroad & Exchange can help you choose among dozens of programs around the world.
Freeman's Study Abroad & Exchange programs enable students to live and learn in another culture. In these immersive settings, students develop international management skills by focusing on cultural understanding and global strategies that create competitive advantages in international business.
About the Study Abroad & Exchange Program
Interested in Tulane? All prospective undergraduates apply through Tulane’s central Office of Undergraduate Admission.
Office of Undergraduate Admission