URL: https://csb.uncw.edu/admissions/undergraduate/undergraduate-programs/global-business-education/index.html
TITLE: Cameron School of Business | UNCW

Cameron School of Business
Cameron School of Business
Cameron School of Business
About CSB
Advising & Career Success
Centers & Partnerships
Departments
Global Experience
Points of Excellence
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Providing more than
just a classroom experience!
We are committed to excellence in teaching, scholarship, service and executive involvement to provide our students with the skills, knowledge and practice to think critically and act responsibly in meeting today’s global business challenges.
We combine rigorous academics with real-world experience through
applied learning opportunities
, instruction from award-winning faculty, along with
career preparation
and
internship support
, allowing students to personalize their future career paths. Our extensive
study-abroad options
help broaden global perspective and prepare students to thrive in an interconnected business world. Through the
Cameron Executive Network
, our signature mentorship program, students learn how to network and build meaningful connections with accomplished business leaders in their chosen career field. While our annual
Business Week
remains a cornerstone of our commitment to student success, this event gives students the opportunity to gain insights and learn from a wide range of influential speakers, many of whom are CSB alums.
Choosing Cameron School of Business
About the Cameron School of Business
Our innovative, high-quality programs earn national recognition year after year.
Learn About Us
Undergraduate Programs
We offer a well-rounded slate of relevant undergraduate options. Find a program that aligns with your passion.
Find Your Program
Graduate Programs
Graduate programs matched to your needs, we offer face to face, online and hybrid options.
Explore Our Offerings
Apply Now!
Launch your future career path with a degree at UNCW Cameron School of Business. Through applied learning opportunities, strategic thinking, and innovative problem solving, CSB prepares future business leaders to tackle real world challenges, make an impact in the world around them, and stand out in a competitive global marketplace.
Apply to CSB
Top 30%
of Worldwide Business Schools - AACSB Accredited
Top 100
Best Undergraduate Business Schools by Poets and Quants
Tier One
for CEO Magazine's North American MBA Programs
Educational Excellence
Preparing students for successful professional careers through dedicated scholars, practitioners and a unique mentoring program.
CSB Mission and Vision
Global Engagement
Exposure to diverse, multicultural perspectives in a global business environment enhances traditional classroom studies. We offer multiple opportunities to study abroad.
View Global Opportunities
Community Outreach
We're actively involved in the community via centers such as SWAIN, Cyber Defense Education, Sales Excellence, Small Business Technology Development and our Youth Entrepreneur Program.
Our Community Outreach
CSB News
UNCW Business, Education Advance in 2026 Rankings
READ MORE
UNCW Alert: Weather Monitoring for Monday, March 16
READ MORE
Scribner Named Associate Dean of CSB Graduate Programs
READ MORE
Seahawks, Check Out myCSB!
Are you a current Seahawk? Visit myCSB to find more information, quick links and resources for faculty, staff and current students.
Visit myCSB
Contact Us
Cameron School of Business
Phone: 910.962.3777
uncwcsb@uncw.edu
Cameron Hall
601 S College Rd
Wilmington, NC 28403