URL: https://www.marian.edu/admissions/financial-aid/first-year-scholarships/scholarships/21st-century-scholars
TITLE: 21st Century Scholars | Marian University | Marian University

21st Century Scholars Tuition Scholarship
Apply to Marian University's 21st Century Scholar Full Tuition Scholarship Today!
Indiana’s 21st Century Scholars
aren’t afraid of the hard work it requires to succeed, both academically and in life.
In return for keeping your promise to pursue academic excellence in high school, the State of Indiana will provide Hoosier students with scholarships and free support services to complete a public education at a state college.
But if you are a qualifying 21st Century Scholar who wants a private (rather than public) university experience, Marian University can fill the gap in funding provided by the state.
Each year, we provide up to 100 scholarships that
cover the cost of full tuition
through a combination of grants, scholarships, and institutional aid for eligible 21st Century Scholars.
If selected, we'll cover the difference between your public and private college tuition.
Application Process and Due Dates
To be eligible for our 21st Century Scholar Tuition Scholarship, you must (1) have an offer of admission from Marian University, be an Indiana Resident, and (2) complete our 21st Century Scholar Tuition Scholarship application.
Applications for the scholarship will open on
August 1
Complete our
admission application
and be admitted to Marian University before
November 1
Complete and submit the
Marian University 21st Century Scholar Tuition Scholarship application
before
November 15 (INDIANA RESIDENTS ONLY)
If you meet our eligibility requirements, you'll be asked to complete a personal interview with the director of the 21st Century Scholars Program and scholarship committee members.
Funded through a combination of federal, state, and institutional financial aid, Marian's 21st Century Scholars Tuition Scholarship is
renewable each year for four years,
provided you remain in good academic and social standing at the university.
Why be a 21st Century Scholar at Marian?
Marian's award-winning Office of 21st Century Scholars will provide you with the
personal guidance, support, mentoring, and attention
you need for a great academic and student experience—all on a diverse, close-knit campus built on the strength and tradition of our Franciscan values.
We offer
comprehensive services for 21st Century Scholars
, including full-time staff support, one-on-one success coaching, access to tutors, career development activities, and on- and off-campus social and cultural programming.
Hang out in our new
Scholar Lounge
, equipped with comfortable couches, study spots, and a food pantry, refrigerator, and microwave.
Request Information