URL: https://www.marian.edu/admissions/accepted-students/high-school-students/index.php
TITLE: You're Accepted! Now What? | Marian University

You're Accepted! Now What?
Checklist for Accepted Students
Now that you have been admitted to Marian University, it is time to start thinking about your college journey and planning for all the amazing things you'll do as a new student.
To get started, here's some vital information about your next steps to enroll at Marian University.
1. Accept your offer of admission.
To officially reserve your place at Marian University,
pay your nonrefundable $100 enrollment deposit
(which will be applied toward your first semester fees).
You can
pay your deposit online
or send a check
directly to the Office of Undergraduate Admission.
2. Register for an Accepted Student Day.
Choosing the college that's right for you is an important decision, so we want you to have as much information about us as possible. That's why we host
Accepted Student Days
for admitted students.
You can register here.
At an Accepted Student Day, you will:
Meet new, incoming Marian students.
Gain more insight about campus and student life.
Learn about the next steps in orientation and registration to prepare for fall classes.
Get answers to your questions about how to prepare for your college career.
Sign an optional, nonbinding letter of intent to attend Marian. Let us take a photo celebrating your decision to share on your favorite social media sites.
Participation is not required but is highly encouraged.
3. Register for New Student Orientation.
Our
New Student Orientation
Program ensures you are well-informed about your next steps to prepare for a great academic year. You'll register for classes, learn about campus amenities, services, and traditions, explore student organizations, and begin making lifelong friendships. Attending an orientation session is
mandatory
for new students.
4. Apply for financial aid.
After October 1 of your high school senior year, you can apply for financial aid for your first semester of college.
Indiana residents
should complete the 2025-26
Free Application for Federal Student Aid
(FAFSA) by
April 15, 2025
, to qualify for maximum aid.
Students who intend to enroll in spring 2025 should complete the 2024-25 FAFSA.
Students who live outside Indiana should also complete the FAFSA. Visit the
FAFSA website
for details about the deadlines that apply to you.
List
Marian University's school code #001821
where indicated on the FAFSA.
5. Apply for campus housing.
Learn more about
housing and residence life
at Marian University, including
instructions for room selection and housing applications
. Be sure to review our
residence life policies
as well.
Create a
student account
and complete your housing application.
If you live on campus
, we must receive your $200 housing deposit before processing your room assignment.
Deposits may be paid online.
New and transfer students
who meet our
off-campus residency policy
should create a student account and complete an off-campus application. If you are under 21, download and complete the
parent verification form
from the housing application. Completed forms must be submitted to the Office of Residential and Commuter Life. We will notify you once we've reviewed your form if your request is approved or denied.
6. Complete your student health record.
Your admission to Marian University is conditional
until you complete all requested information on our
student health and immunization records
. Use the link provided to create an account and submit your documentation.
7. Ensure we have your transcripts.
When you graduate from high school,
request your final high school transcript be sent
to Marian University.
If you already have some college credit
—including credit for dual-credit courses that you completed during high school—request college transcripts for all completed coursework be sent to Marian University.
You may receive advanced placement and/or college credit for certain courses
if you successfully completed College Board Advanced Placement (AP), International Baccalaureate (IB), CLEP, or other exams. If this describes you, request official exam scores be sent to Marian University. Once received, faculty advisors in the school or academic department offering your chosen major will evaluate the credits and whether they apply to your Marian University degree program.
8. Make payment arrangements
Once you are registered for classes, we will send you a bill
that includes the balance due for your upcoming semester tuition, fees, and (if you will live on campus) room and board.
The bill will include a due date
by which we must confirm payment arrangements. If your bill is not paid in full or if payment arrangements have not been made by the due date, you will be subject to late fees.
We offer convenient monthly payment options
, which allow you to spread all or part of your expenses over a period of time. Administered by Nelnet, Inc., payment plans are available for all students and/or parents.
If you have questions, contact our Business Office at 317.955.6020 or 800.952.3917 for information.
9. Finalize last-minute details
We take student success seriously. To ensure your semester gets off to a great start, we created
Knight Quest
, an event for students and families who need to finalize or
confirm information to complete the acceptance and registration process
before classes begin.
You may not move into your room
in a campus residence hall or attend classes until you have completed all required admission forms and documents.
If you do not complete
Knight Quest
, you will be administratively withdrawn from your classes
for the semester.
If you are a new student-athlete
competing in one of our athletic programs, your coach or program director will notify you if you must attend an early
Knight Quest
session.
For the latest campus news and developments,
follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and other social media channels
. Welcome to the Marian University family!
Request Information