URL: https://www.marian.edu/admissions/visit-campus/index.php
TITLE: Visit Campus Home Page | Marian University | Marian University

Visit Campus
Your future starts here. Discover Marian University.
Schedule Your Visit - INDY
SCHEDULE YOUR VISIT - PLYMOUTH
Visit us and see for yourself what Marian has to offer.
You'll feel right at home on our warm, welcoming campus just ten minutes from downtown Indianapolis, one of the best cities in the U.S. for job growth and affordable living.
Discover
challenging academic programs
taught by faculty who will help you dig deep and accomplish more than you ever thought possible.
Take advantage of
learning experiences that go beyond academics
like local and global service opportunities.
Meet students, alumni, and faculty who are
leaders in the community
and their professions.
Learn about our
Franciscan values
that students of all faiths, creeds, and beliefs can appreciate.
Prepare for life after graduation
—get the knowledge and skills you need to be a leader in your new career from your first day on the job.
For more information, call (317) 955-6516 or email
campusvisit@marian.edu
Live Weather Camera
Curious what it's like on campus right now? View current weather conditions at Marian University in real time.
View Live Weather Camera
High School Students
We recommend weekday, individual campus visits for high school seniors
so we can customize your schedule according to your academic and extracurricular interests. Students can request to meet with faculty, coaches, and other support staff when registering for their campus visit; additional appointments depend on faculty, coach, and staff availability. You'll have time to discuss programs, ask questions, and get more insight into campus and student life.
High school students and their families are invited to participate in student-led group tours that depart daily from the Office of Undergraduate Admission. Please let us know when to expect you by completing a campus visit request.
For more information, call (317) 955-6516 or email
campusvisit@marian.edu
.
Events
Knight Preview Days: High school freshmen, sophomores, juniors, and their families
are invited to join us for one of these fun, informative visits. Bring a friend or family member! Please register for the date that best fits your schedule.
Register for Knight Preview
For more information, call (317) 955-6516 or email
campusvisit@marian.edu
Transfer Students
Whether you are graduating from a community college, rethinking your original college choice, or starting anew, Marian University is the next step in your journey toward professional and personal success.
During your campus visit, you will meet with a member of our Transfer Team to review your unique situation and discuss your plans at Marian.
Bring your transcripts! We can provide an unofficial evaluation of previous coursework to determine how much credit you may receive toward completing a Marian degree.
For more information, call (317) 955-6516 or email
campusvisit@marian.edu
.
Medical Students
Explore Marian University's Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine and Master of Science in Biomedical Sciences programs through an on-campus visit. Meet with an admissions representative, dine with a current medical student, and tour the Michael A. Evans Center for Health Sciences. Campus visits run from noon to 2 p.m. during fall and spring semesters, and from noon to 1 p.m. May through July. Accepted students should schedule their visit via the "Tours" tab in their admissions portal. Prefer a virtual experience? Take a self-guided tour online.
Visit THE WOODS COLLEGE OF OSTEOPATHIC MEDICINE
Contact the MU-WCOM Admissions
(317) 955-6400
COMadmissions@marian.edu
Group Visit
Do you have a group of students who want to visit Marian University? We host group visits for K-12 schools in cooperation with the Department of K-12 School and Community Programs. Your visit could include a campus tour and presentations from various campus partners.
Before you request a group visit, please know that:
Space is limited, and your group size could determine the scheduling and available dates.
We recommend requesting a group visit
at least three weeks
before your preferred visit date.
Group visits are scheduled on a
first-come, first-served
basis. While we do our best to accommodate all groups, we cannot guarantee availability on your requested date.
We cannot host group visits on the weekends or during university breaks from classes. Check our academic calendar to determine if classes are in session on your requested date.
Groups visiting our campus must be chaperoned.
We require at least one chaperone (18 years or older) for every ten students
in attendance.
Your group is not scheduled until you receive written confirmation from the Department of K-12 School and Community Programs and return a signed copy of our group visit agreement form.
For information, please complete the
Group Visit Survey
A K-12 School and Community Programs department representative will contact you with availability for your visit.
Contact Mariame Sow for additional information at groupvisits@marian.edu
Take a Tour
Take a virtual tour of our Indianapolis campus! See our medical school, dorms, classrooms athletic fields, and more!
Take a Virtual Tour
Request Information