URL: https://www.marian.edu/admissions/financial-aid/first-year-scholarships/scholarships/saint-ives-pre-law-scholarship
TITLE: Saint Ives Pre-Law Scholarship | Marian University | Marian University

Saint Ives Pre-Law Scholarship
Our Mission
At Marian University, we offer the Saint Ives Pre-Law Program. Inspired by the patron saint of lawyers, this program trains students aspiring to a career in law.
This competitive scholarship supports incoming freshman students as they navigate their undergraduate education. In addition to financial support, students awarded the Saint Ives Pre-Law Scholarship will participate in co-curricular programming--including seminars, clerkships, internships, and workshops--to become distinctive and qualified applicants to law programs nationwide.
Develop
As a Saint Ives Scholar, we will help you establish yourself as a future legal professional. Both in and out of the classroom, you will have the opportunity to explore many growth opportunities, supporting student development as a holistic individual in the Franciscan tradition. Participation in these experiences will aid in your successful application to law schools:
Rigorous coursework:
Students may select any major of their interest, with the most common pre-law majors consisting of History, Global Studies, English, Philosophy and Business.
Seminar series:
Participate in a dedicated seminar series detailing careers in law professions with timelines and guidance for professional school applications.
LSAT preparation:
Embedded study materials on preparation for the LSAT.
Shadowing and Internships:
Participate in shadowing or receive academic credit for completing an internship.
Self-evaluation:
Complete a portfolio and periodic self-evaluations as you progress through the program.
Application
To apply, students should be committed to a career serving others through a career in law. To be successful within the program, students should prioritize academics and intellectual curiosity, as demonstrated by meeting the stated minimum GPA requirements.
Apply for admission to Marian University by November 15th of your senior year in high school.
Complete the
St. Ives Pre-Law Scholarship Application
by November 15.
The Application includes two short essay questions to evaluate student interest and commitment to a career in law.
The Application includes a request for contact information for a letter of recommendation from an educator, guidance counselor, or a professional familiar with the student’s interests, strengths, and weaknesses.
Upon review of your application, you will be notified of the next steps in the application process. Once accepted, students will be provided with more information about student orientation and preparing for fall classes.
Request Information