URL: https://www.marian.edu/admissions/non-degree-re-admission.php
TITLE: Non-Degree & Re-Admission Students | Marian University

Non-Degree & Re-Admission Students
Non-Degree Seeking Students
You are a non-degree seeking student if you want to enroll in classes at Marian University, but do not plan to complete a degree.
You are also a non-degree seeking student if you are currently enrolled at another college or university and want to take classes at Marian and transfer the credits back to your home college.
If you want to take individual courses without working toward a degree and you are not on academic probation or otherwise ineligible for admission at another school, contact the Office of Undergraduate Admission.
Please note that non-degree seeking students are not eligible for financial assistance from Marian University
Application for Non-Degree Seeking Undergraduate Students
Application for Non-Degree Seeking Graduate Students
Students Seeking Re-Admission
If you are a former undergraduate student who stopped taking classes and wants to be re-admitted to the university and complete your degree, please complete the application below.
Application for Undergraduate Admission
This includes students who did not enroll for one or more semesters and students who withdrew during a previous semester. No fee is required when submitting a re-admission application.
Your social, financial, and academic student status at the time of your departure will be verified before an offer of readmission is extended.
Students in good academic, social, and financial standing are eligible for immediate readmission.
Students with an unfavorable status must be approved by the Undergraduate Admission Committee. The committee will consider the nature of your unfavorable status and consult with appropriate faculty and staff. The committee may ask for additional information about why you can now be a more successful student on our campus.
Returning service members will be promptly readmitted with the same academic status, which means:
To the same program (or a similar program if the original program is no longer offered), unless you choose a different program.
At the same enrollment status, unless you choose to enroll at a different enrollment status.
With the same number of credit hours previously completed, unless the program requirements alter how the credit is applied
With the same academic standing (e.g. with the same satisfactory academic progress status) you previously had.
Request Information