URL: https://www.marian.edu/admissions/index.php
TITLE: Admissions Home Page | Marian University | Marian University

Admissions
Your Future starts here. Discover Marian University!
You’ll feel right at home on our warm, welcoming campus just ten minutes from downtown Indianapolis, one of the best cities in the U.S. for job growth and affordable living.
Visit Indy Campus
Visit Plymouth Campus
Meet Your Admissions Counselor
You
don’t
have to navigate the admissions process alone. Connect with the counselor who will support you every step of the way.
Let's Find My Counselor!
Tuition, Financial Aid, and Scholarships
Tuition
Financial Aid
Scholarships
Explore Majors and Programs
Explore Marian University’s wide range of majors designed to match your interests and career goals. Discover the program
that’
s
right for you
.
Explore all Marian University programs.
Are you a newly accepted student?
C
ongratulations on your acceptance! The Marian journey starts now, and
we’re
here to guide you every step of the way. Choose the path below that best describes you to find everything you need to get started:
High school students
Transfer students
Non-traditional and online students
International students
Make your #MarianMoment
Why apply to Marian? Take a look at photos, videos, and advice from current students on our social media pages, and see yourself here in this community.
Admission Requirements
At Marian University, you'll find students from across the United States and worldwide.
We seek academically bright students who are active in extracurricular and community service programs. Students who want to learn and seek a high-impact, hands-on curriculum that prepares them for career success do well on our campus, including those who want to serve as leaders in their professions and home communities.
Requirements for admission depend on whether you are an undergraduate or graduate student, the degree you want to earn, and related factors. To learn more, select the link that best describes you:
High School Students
Whether you attend a traditional public high school or you are a home-schooled student, we evaluate your admission application based on a range of criteria, including:
The curriculum you have completed and grades you've received.
Recommendations from counselors, teachers, or others that can attest to your academic ability.
Other factors, including extracurricular activities, community involvement, and life circumstances.
Although each student we admit is unique, we generally want to see that you have completed a serious, college-preparatory course of study in high school.
Most admitted have satisfactorily completed or are on track to complete:
Eight (8) credits in composition and literature.
Two (2) credits in social studies.
Four (4) credits in mathematics.
Four (4) credits in science.
Two (2) credits in a foreign language (not required, but recommended).
You should have successfully completed at least six (6) semesters of high school and be on track to graduate from high school to apply for admission to Marian University.
At the discretion of individual schools, department, and programs, we award credit and advanced placement based on your successful performance in programs such as:
Advanced Placement (AP)
International Baccalaureate (IB)
College Level Examination Program (CLEP)
Marian University Advanced Study (dual-credit) Program
Your acceptance to Marian University does not guarantee you will be admitted into particular courses of study. Some of our degree programs—including
nursing
,
education
, and
engineering
—have additional admission requirements that you must meet.
Learn more about the
application process for high school students
.
Transfer Students
To be considered for transfer to Marian University, you must meet these criteria:
Be in good standing at your current school.
Have at least 12 or more college credit hours (at or above the 100 level) at your current school.
If you do not meet these criteria
, you are welcome to apply but you should provide additional information and explanations to help us understand your circumstances, including why you believe you'll be academically successful and how you plan to excel at Marian.
Please note, being admitted to Marian University
may not guarantee admission into every degree program
. Some of our programs, including
nursing
and
education
, are competitive and have additional admission requirements. Talk to your transfer admission counselor if you want to earn a bachelor's degree in one of these subjects.
Apply Now
Online Students
Marian University offers two academic tracks for students who took time off after high school graduation.
The Traditional Undergraduate Program
– This option places students in the pool of undergraduates of all ages.
Marian Online
– This option offers convenient, online, and accelerated programs.
Admission Requirements for the Two Options Differ
To apply to the Traditional Undergraduate Program
, a non-traditional or adult student must submit:
An official copy of his or her high school transcript or GED score.
Results of the Marian University pre-assessment test.
To apply to Marian Online
, a non-traditional or adult student must submit:
An official copy of his or her high school transcript.
An official copy of his or her transcript from any other colleges attended.
GED scores (if applicable).
Please note that Marian Online application requirements vary by degree programs. We encourage you to learn more about the exciting options for
Online degrees
.
Find out more about the
application process for non-traditional and adult students
.
Academics and Special Programs
Accepted Students
Application Process
Financial Aid
Find Your Admissions Counselor
For Counselors
International Admissions
Online Admissions Financial Aid
Transfer to Marian
Tuition and Fees
Visit Campus
Military Benefits
Non-degree and Re-admission
Submitting Official Transcripts
Office of Undergraduate Admission
Office: (800) 834-5494
Office: (317) 955-6000
Fax: (317) 955-6424
Email:
admissions@marian.edu
Deciding where to begin your college journey is more than a checklist — it’s about finding your place and your purpose. At Marian, our admissions team welcomes you with hospitality, listens with compassion, and walks with you as you discern the next step in your life’s path. We’re here to answer your questions, celebrate your goals, and help you discover how Marian can be part of your story.
Meet Your Admissions Staff
Request Information