URL: https://www.marian.edu/admissions/financial-aid/first-year-scholarships/scholarships/saint-luke-pre-medicine-scholarship.php
TITLE: Saint Luke Pre-Medicine Scholarship | Marian University | Marian University

Saint Luke Pre-Medicine Pathways Scholarship
Empowering Compassionate Healthcare Providers
Our Mission
The mission of the Saint Luke Pre-Med Pathways Program is to prepare students with a strong calling for careers in holistic healthcare by educating, mentoring, and supporting them to become transformational leaders in the field of medicine. Grounded in a liberal arts tradition and Catholic Franciscan values, the pre-med program commingles experiental learning in science and medicine, with faith, ethics, and leadership.
Healthcare Preparation and Development
Rigorous Coursework
Choose any major, ideally STEM-focused, with support to complete prerequisites on time. Saint Luke Scholars also pursue a minor in humanities or global studies.
Co-curricular Experiences
Enhance coursework with unique opportunities like seminars, clinical experiences abroad, and local volunteering to build skills and broaden perspectives.
Professional Mentoring
Gain access to Wood College of Osteopathic Medicine’s community for mentorship from pre-med and medical school scholars.
Research Opportunities
Conduct independent research with skilled faculty from Biology, Chemistry, Engineering, or Wood College of Osteopathic Medicine.
Shadowing and Internships
Shadow professionals or earn academic credit through internships in a dynamic urban healthcare environment.
Portfolio Development
Build a professional portfolio with guidance and feedback from a dedicated advising committee.
Scholarship Pathways
Direct Admit Osteopathic Scholars
Earn an undergraduate degree at Marian University with
guaranteed admission
to Wood College of Osteopathic Medicine upon completion. Requires a
minimum 3.75 GPA
from high school and meeting all scholarship criteria.
Master's Scholars
Complete a 5-year program: a STEM Bachelor’s and a Master’s in Biomedical Science with research. Success grants an
MCAT score exemption
for Wood College admission. Requires a
minimum 3.75 GPA
.
Health Professions Scholars
Finish the program for a
guaranteed interview
at Wood College of Osteopathic Medicine and an early decision. No minimum GPA required, offering flexibility for dedicated students.
Pre-Health Fellows
Gain an
MCAT prep course
, graduation recognition, seminars, and pre-med advising. This pathway supports students with tailored resources for medical school preparation, no GPA minimum.
Through different pathways, we work with students to craft individualized plans for students as they navigate a pre-medicine curriculum. Each scholars pathway includes financial support towards the cost of tuition.
Commit to the Saint Luke Scholarship Program - Apply Now
Application Process for the Saint Luke Pre-Medicine Scholarship
Commitment to Healthcare
To apply, students should be committed to a career in healthcare and demonstrate a passion for serving others. Successful applicants will prioritize academics and intellectual curiosity, as evidenced by meeting the stated minimum GPA requirements. The most competitive candidates will have strong SAT/ ACT scores and incoming college credit from AP courses or dual college credits.
Step 1
: Apply for admission to Marian University by
November 1st
of your senior year in high school.
Apply Now
Step 2
: After being accepted to Marian University, return to the application portal to complete the Supplemental Scholarship Application by
November 15
th
of your senior year. The Saint Luke Scholarship Program requires.
Two short essay questions to evaluate student interest and commitment to a career in healthcare.
Contact information for a letter of recommendation from an educator, guidance counselor, or a professional familiar with the student’s interests, strengths, and weaknesses.
Step 3
: Upon review of your application, you will be notified of the next steps in the application process.
Acceptance: Once accepted, students will be provided with more information about student orientation and preparing for fall classes.
Request Information