URL: https://www.marian.edu/admissions/financial-aid/first-year-scholarships/scholarships/the-robert-noyce-teacher-scholarship.php
TITLE: The Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship | Marian University | Marian University

The Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship
The Noyce Teacher Scholarship is made possible by a $1.1 million grant from the National Science Foundation to support increasing the number of undergraduate students pursuing STEM teaching and preparing them to be highly effective secondary educators in high-need schools.
Available to Marian University juniors and seniors, the Noyce scholarship can help diversify the teacher population in high-need schools.
Indiana is currently experiencing teacher shortages in secondary mathematics and all science disciplines, which negatively impacts the educational access of youth in high-need schools throughout the state. The Marian University Noyce program aims to address the teacher shortage by preparing undergraduates majoring in biology, chemistry, and mathematics to become secondary mathematics or science teachers in high-need schools.
Noyce Scholarship recipients can receive up to $15,000 per year for two years while at Marian University and then an additional $8,000 per year while fulfilling the teaching requirements of the scholarship.
"It is especially critical to recruit and train secondary STEM teachers into highly-skilled, proficient educators, using the best rubrics taught by the most highly qualified education faculty in the state."
Lee Ann Kwiatkowski, Ed.D.
Dean and Vice President, Fred S. Klipsch Educators College
Frequently Asked Questions
What if I am not a junior or senior at Marian, can I still benefit from the Noyce Program?
Yes!
For eligible freshmen and sophomore students pursuing STEM majors, Marian University will help you prepare for a future Noyce scholarship by supporting your passion
to teach with internships and stipends.
The program includes observation and discussions with highly effective teachers, • Mentoring by faculty and classroom teachers in three partner school districts,
Professional networking and informal STEM volunteer opportunities,
Hands-on, virtual reality teaching simulation experiences, and
Paid summer internships to work in educational STEM camps.
Will I receive support once I graduate from Marian University?
Yes!
Noyce scholars will receive professional development from Marian faculty during the time they are teaching in a high-need school, including up to four years of mentoring.
Marian STEM alumni will also have access to networking meetings, professional development through scheduled face-to-face or online sessions with College of Arts and Sciences and Klipsch Educators College representatives, and professional conference support leading to high-quality professional development.
Want to know more?
Contact
MUNoyce@marian.edu
to hear from one of our representatives!
Matt Dahlgren, Ph.D
Assistant Professor of Mathematics and Education
Christopher Nicholson, Ph.D.
Assistant Professor of Chemistry Chair, Department of Chemistry and Physical Sciences
Matthew Hollowell, Ph.D.
Assistant Professor of Education
Klipsch Educators College
Erika Wise, Ed.D.
Assistant Dean for Academic Quality
Klipsch Educators College
David Benson, Ph.D.
Professor of Biology
This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant DUE-2050395.
Request Information