URL: https://www.marian.edu/admissions/military-benefits.php
TITLE: Military Benefits | Marian University

Military Benefits
Marian University proudly participates as an unlimited partner in the Yellow Ribbon Program, providing extensive support to military-connected students, including veterans, active-duty members, National Guard/Reservists, and their families. Discover your educational options and learn about the enrollment process.
Application Requirements
To apply, please submit:
High school or secondary school transcript
University, College, and Military Education transcripts (e.g., JST/CCAF) if using VA benefits, applying for graduate programs, or seeking transfer credits
Certificate of Eligibility (for VA benefits)
Signed Enrollment Agreement
Education Benefits for Military-Connected Students
Eligible military students can access a range of benefits to support tuition and living costs. Marian University accepts benefits such as:
Veterans Affairs (VA) Education Benefits:
This includes the Montgomery GI Bill (Active Duty and Selected Reserve), Post-9/11 GI Bill, and the Yellow Ribbon Program.
Department of Defense Tuition Assistance (TA):
Available for active-duty members, Guard/Reserve, and DoD civilians.
Veteran Readiness and Employment (Chapter 31).
GI Bill® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). More information about education benefits offered by VA is available at the official U.S. government website at
https://www.benefits.va.gov/gibill.
Additional Support for Dependents and Spouses
Dependents may qualify for:
Post-9/11 Transfer of Benefits
Yellow Ribbon Program
Dependents Educational Assistance (DEA/Chapter 35)
Fry Scholarship
For further details, view additional VA education benefits and eligibility requirements at
VA Benefits
.
If your education was disrupted by the closure of an institution, you may be eligible to restore your Post-9/11 GI Bill® benefits. Visit the
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs
for more information.
Useful Resources
Explore additional military support resources:
Army ROTC Scholarships
Soldier for Life Program
Army PaYS Program
Credentialing Opportunities Online (COOL)
Service Member Recruitment Disclosure Statement:
Marian University does not engage in high-pressure recruitment tactics that would include multiple unsolicited contacts (3 or more), including contacts by phone, email, or in-person, and engage in same-day recruitment and registration of service members for the purposes of securing enrollments. Marian University does not provide any commission, bonus, or other incentive payments based directly or indirectly on securing service member enrollments or federal financial aid (including tuition assistance funds) to any persons or entities engaged in student recruitment, admission activities, or making decisions regarding the award of student financial assistance.
Request Information