URL: https://www.marian.edu/admissions/accepted-students/accepted-transfer-students.php
TITLE: You’re Accepted: Now What? | Marian University

You’re Accepted: Now What?
Checklist for Accepted Transfer Students
As a transfer student, you already know the basics because you've taken classes at another university or college.
But how will you get connected at Marian University, like registering for the classes you want and need to graduate? Here are your next steps.
1. Accept your offer of admission.
To reserve your place at Marian University, submit a nonrefundable
$100 enrollment deposit
(applied toward your first semester fees).
You can
pay your deposit online
or send a check
directly to the Office of Undergraduate Admission.
2. Ensure we have your transcript and score reports.
When you complete your last semester at your current college or university,
request an official transcript(s)
, if applicable, be sent to Marian University.
Request official college transcripts for all college coursework
(includes dual-credit courses completed through high school) to be sent to Marian University.
If you earned college credit through successful performance on an exam
, such as the College Board Advanced Placement (AP), International Baccalaureate (IB), or College Level Examination Program (CLEP) exams), request scores be sent to Marian University.
3. Apply for financial aid.
To qualify for maximum federal, state, and university financial aid, complete the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid
(FAFSA).
Be sure you meet
federal and state deadlines
for completing the FAFSA. Indiana residents must complete the FAFSA for the appropriate year by April 15 for maximum aid consideration.
List
Marian University's school code #001821
where indicated on the
FAFSA
.
Complete the FAFSA as early as possible, allowing several days for processing time before the due date.
4. Apply for campus housing, if needed.
Learn more about
housing and residence life
at Marian University,
including instructions for room selection and housing applications
. Be sure to review our
residence life policies
as well.
Transfer students who meet our
off-campus residency policy
should create a student account and complete an
off-campus application
.
If you are under 21, download and complete the
Parent Verification Form
from the housing application. Completed forms must be notarized by an Indiana notary public OR you and a parent or guardian can submit your form in person at the Office of Housing and Residence Life.
Once we've reviewed your form, we will notify you if your request is approved or denied.
If you will live on campus, we must receive your $200 housing deposit before your room assignment is processed.
Deposits may be paid online
.
5. Register for New Student Orientation.
Our
New Student Orientation
(ensures transfer students are well-informed about campus amenities, services, and traditions. You'll learn about registering for classes, explore student organizations, and attend special activities designed to help you be successful.
Attending orientation is mandatory for transfer students.
You can
register online
for a New Student Orientation date.
6. Make payment arrangements.
Once you are registered for classes, our
Business Office
will create a bill
that includes the balance due for your upcoming semester tuition, fees, and (if you will live on campus) room and board.
The bill will include a due date
by which we must have confirmed payment arrangements. If your bill is not paid in full or payment arrangements have not been made by the due date, you will be subject to late fees.
We offer convenient monthly payment options
, which allow all or part of your expenses to be spread over a period of time.  Payment plans are available for all students and/or parents.
You will receive more information about your tuition bill and fees soon. If you have questions, contact our Business Office at 317.955.6020 or 800.952.3917 for information.
7. Complete your student health records.
Your admission to Marian University is not complete
until you submit all information requested on our
student health and immunization records
.  Use the link provided to create an account and submit your documentation.
8. Finalize last-minute details.
Student success is important at Marian University. To ensure your semester gets off to a great start, we created
Knight Quest
, an event for students and families who need to finalize or confirm information to complete the acceptance and registration process before classes begin.
You may not move into your room in a campus residence hall or attend classes
until all required admission forms and documents are completed.
If you do not attend
Knight Quest
, you will be administratively withdrawn from your classes for the semester.
If you are a new student-athlete
who will compete in one of our athletic programs, your coach or program director will notify you if you are required to attend an early
Knight Quest
session.
For the latest campus news and developments,
follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and other social media channels
. Welcome to the Marian University family!
Request Information