URL: https://www.marian.edu/campus-life/student-activities/student-organizations/index.php
TITLE: Student Organizations | Marian University

Student Organizations
Student Organizations
Student organizations are a great way to get involved in campus life. Participation and membership in a campus club, organization, or group will
make an impact
on your student experience and community, help you
develop new skills
and hone existing skills based on what you've learned in the classroom, enable you to
make new friends
with similar interests, and
have fun
!
Currently, Marian University has over 35 registered undergraduate student organizations representing a wide range of hobbies, majors, and special interests. If you can't find a student organization that aligns with your interests, start your own.
SGA Senate Meeting Announcements
All student organizations must have a Senator that attends SGA Senate meetings every other week. These meetings consist of representatives from each organization. At each meeting there is an opportunity to make an announcement which is another avenue to spread the word!
Reserve a Table in Alumni Hall or Dining Commons
Promoting in person is always the best way. If you are interested in reserving a table in Alumni Hall or Dining Commons to hand out fliers, giveaways, or just talk to students who are passing by please email Robin Spearin at
rspearin@marian.edu
.
Questions or for more information, email
studentaffairs@marian.edu
or call 317.955.6318.
Already a Student Organization? Make Sure to Update Your Portal on
Connect
!
Connect offers many features that makes being a student organization a lot easier, including:
Smoother transition of members and officers
Automated elections of new officers and easy communication
Budgeting tool to keep track of where your money is going and collect dues
See what's happening on campus via the Connect calendar
Advertise your upcoming events on the Knightly News, Marian University's weekly student organization newsletter
Contact any
Student Activities staff
to help your organization best utilize Connect.
Marketing Tips for Student Orgs
Knightly News
Our office distributes Knightly News, Marian University's weekly enewsletter for students, every Sunday. The Knightly News is a great way to promote your event or make a large-scale announcement. To submit an announcement, complete our Knightly News Announcement Request Form located under "Forms" in the
Student Life portal
. Please submit the form no later than Thursday for Sunday publication. In addition, add your event to the main university calendar on marian.edu using LiveWhale and tag Student Life or create one in Connect.
Connect Event
First step of a successful event should always be creating an event on
Connect
in your student organization's portal. This allows you to share it with the large campus calendar on Connect, collect RSVPs, and also prompts you on reminders such as IT, room reservations, etc.
Digital Screens
Another great way to promote your event while also going green is posting your flier on the digital screens located across campus. These screens are on a constant loop of announcements and have a large audience. To post your event visit
marian.edu/marcom
and submit your request.
Fliers
Marian University Policy for Posting Fliers on Campus
This policy applies to all on campus advertising at Marian University. All fliers must be stamped “Approved by Student Affairs” or if they are ministry related, “Campus Ministry Approved.”
Fliers will only be approved for recognized student organizations and MU departments.
The name of the sponsoring student organization or campus department must appear clearly.
The name of the event, day, date and time must be displayed clearly.
A contact person name and email and/or phone number must be included.
Approval:
Send a copy of flier as an email attachment to
Robin Spearin
or
Sarah Balana Molter
.
You will receive an email response when your flier is approved (please allow one business day).
Once approved, you may make additional copies, which you must bring in to the Student Success and Engagement (SSE) office (Clare 123) or Office of Student Activities (Clare Hall 127A) for official approval stamp before posting.
Upon request, SSE will print up to twenty 8.5x11” b/w or color copies of your approved flier.
Posting Locations:
Open bulletin boards in any campus building—avoid boards that are clearly departmental.
You may leave 4-6 copies in SSE office to be distributed to residence halls.
DO NOT post on painted surfaces, brick/concrete structures, doors, windows or walls; campus locator signs, lamp posts, trash receptacles, trees, vehicles or windshields; walkways, stairways, entrances, glass surfaces, etc.
Student organizations and campus departments are responsible for the removal of postings after the event or at the expiration date. Unapproved, expired or improperly posted fliers will be removed and recycled.
Violation of this posting policy may result in loss of posting privileges and possibly further sanctions.
Current Student Organizations
These are officially registered student organizations at Marian University. But we're always growing! So if you have a suggestion for starting a new campus group, contact us. Find more information on
Connect
or attend a
Activities Fair.
Academic and Professional
American Society of Civil Engineers
ASCE provide
s
support to help network, aid in professional development, and be an outlet for classroom needs
, a
s well as enhance understanding of structural and civil engineering
.
American Society of Mechanical Engineers
The American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) connects students
who are
passionate about engineering through hands-on projects, and networking opportunities, helping build skills for a successful engineering career
.
American Society of Women Engineers
The mission of SWE is to empower women to achieve full potential in careers as engineers and leaders, expand
ing
the image of engineering and technology professions as a positive force in improving the quality of life and
demonstrating
the value of diversity and inclusion.
Association for Women in Mathematics
The Association for Women in Mathematics
supports
and empowers women and minorities in mathematics and the broader STEM field.
Association of Latino Professionals for America
The Association of Latino Professionals for America (
ALPFA) empowers
Latino students through networking, leadership development, and career resources. The club hosts workshops, speaker panels, and cultural events, fostering community and connecting members with mentors and industry leaders to help them succeed professionally while celebrating their cultural identity.
Learn More
Chemistry Club
The Chemistry Club
is
dedicated to exploring the wonders of chemistry through hands-on experiments, engaging events, and educational activities. The club fosters a passion for science, offers networking opportunities with professionals, and creates a supportive community for students interested in chemistry and related fields.
Entrepreneurship Club
The Entrepreneurship
Club inspires
and supports students interested in business and innovation. The club offers workshops, networking events, and mentorship opportunities, helping members develop entrepreneurial skills
that
turn ideas into reality.
Learn More
Kappa Delta Pi
Kappa Delta Pi is an international honor society
that recognizes and supports aspiring educators. The
honor society
provides professional development, networking opportunities, and community service initiatives, fostering excellence in teaching and a passion for lifelong learning.
Model United Nations
Model United Nations (
MUN) simulates
the work of the United Nations, providing students with the opportunity to engage in global issues, diplomacy, and debate. MUN members develop critical thinking, public speaking, and negotiation skills while
representing
different countries and working to resolve real-world challenges.
MU Motorsports
MU
Motorsports focuses on designing, building, and racing high-performance vehicles. The club offers hands-on experience in engineering, teamwork, and problem-solving, while providing students with opportunities to compete in motorsports events and gain real-world skills in automotive design and innovation.
National Association for Music Education Chapter
The National Association for Music Education (
NAfME
) Chapter at Marian University is a student organization dedicated to fostering a love for music education. The chapter provides members with opportunities for professional development, networking, and community engagement through
events,
and workshops.
Pre-Health
Pre
-
Health is an organization focusing on exploring all pre
-
health professions at the undergraduate level while bringing different students together under a common interest in medicine.
Psychology Club
T
he
Psychology Club brings together students passionate about psychology and mental health. The club hosts events such as speaker panels, workshops, and social gatherings, providing opportunities to explore the field of psychology, share knowledge, and engage with professionals.
It’s
a supportive community for students to grow academically and personally.
Learn More
Sigma Delta Pi Alpha Alpha Chi
Sigma Delta Pi, Alpha
Alpha
Chi Chapter
celebrates excellence in Spanish language, literature, and culture. The society promotes deeper understanding of Hispanic culture, honors contributions to modern culture, fosters mutual respect between Spanish- and English-speaking communities, and encourages a lifelong appreciation for Hispanic heritage.
Sigma Zeta
Sigma Zeta
is a national honor society for top undergraduate math and science students. Members are recognized for academic excellence and gain access to career development resources, networking opportunities, national meetings, and volunteer experiences—all while fostering research and scholarship in their fields.
Student Nurses Association
The Student Nurses Association
is a pre-professional organization that supports nursing and pre-nursing students academically and socially. MUSNA helps students build connections, succeed in their studies, and prepares them for involvement in professional nursing organizations after graduation.
Women in Business
The Women in Business Club
empowers female students by
providing
networking opportunities, leadership development, and resources for success in the business world. The club hosts events, workshops, and mentorship programs, fostering a strong community of women supporting each other’s growth and careers in business.
Learn More
Watch on Youtube
Faith-Based
Athletes in Action
Watch
Delight Ministries
Delight Ministries
is a Christ-centered community for college women, offering weekly Bible studies, worship, and fellowship. It focuses on building authentic friendships, fostering spiritual growth, and providing a supportive space for women to share their faith journeys and experiences. Delight encourages members to grow personally and live out their faith on campus and beyond.
Service and Advocacy
Best Buddies
Best Buddies
fosters lifelong one-on-one friendships between college students and adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD). Whether forming individual connections or engaging with the group, members work together to promote inclusion and spread awareness of disability acceptance throughout the community.
Just Earth
Just Earth
is dedicated to social justice and environmental advocacy.
The organization educates the community about environmental issues, empowers members to drive positive change, and takes action to promote lasting environmental improvements on campus and beyond.
Learn More
Knights for Life
K
ni
ght
s
for Life is a pro-life student organization dedicated to advocating for the dignity and value of all human life. The club engages in educational events, service projects, and community outreach to promote a culture of life on campus and beyond, fostering awareness and compassion.
Learn More
Young Americans for Freedom
Young Americans for Freedom
promotes traditional American values li
k
e personal responsibility, freedom of expression, individual liberty, and limited government. Through spea
k
ers, displays, and campus discussions, we encourage healthy debate on social justice, political ideologies, and economic freedom, fostering growth and
k
nowledge while respecting differing opinions.
Project Sunshine
Project Sunshine
is dedicated to bringing joy and positivity to sic
k
children through virtual and in-person playdates.
U
ndergraduate and graduate students have the opportunity to participate in virtual playdates with sic
k
children and in-person playdates at Peyton Manning Children's Hospital, spreading happiness and support to those in need.
Leadership and Governance
Freshmen Class Board
The
Freshman
Class
organization
represents
first-year students at Marian University in the Student Government Association. Led by an Executive Board, this group hosts
service
and social events throughout the year. Join us to get involved and ma
k
e your voice heard!
Student Government Association
The
Student Government Association (SGA)
is the voice of the undergraduate student body at Marian University. SGA wor
k
s to
represent
and promote student interests and activities both on and off campus. Meetings are held bi-wee
k
ly on Tuesdays and are open to all students, faculty, and staff.
National Society of Leadership and Success
The
Student Government Association (SGA)
is the voice of the undergraduate student body at Marian University. SGA wor
k
s to
represent
and promote student interests and activities both on and off campus. Meetings are held bi-wee
k
ly on Tuesdays and are open to all students, faculty, and staff.
Arts and Performance
Marian Drama Club
The
Marian Drama Club
is a vibrant group of students passionate about theater and the arts. The club provides opportunities for students to
participate
in productions, whether on stage, behind the scenes, or in creative roles. Through performances and wor
k
shops, the club fosters creativity, collaboration, and a love for the performing arts, welcoming students of all s
k
ill levels.
Marian University Barbershop Quartet
The
Marian University Barbershop Quartet (MUBQ)
is a group of four students who perform acapella music in the traditional barbershop harmony style. The group showcases a variety of songs, bringing an underrepresented musical form to campus events.
Membership requires an audition, and the quartet performs at campus events, wearing traditional skimmer hats and incorporating arrangements from the Barbershop Harmony Society.
Social and Recreational Clubs
ASA
ASA celebrates Asian cultures and fosters a welcoming community for students of all backgrounds. The club hosts cultural events, educational workshops, and social gatherings, promoting awareness of Asian heritage while building strong connections among its members.
Learn More
Campus Activities Board (CAB)
The Campus Activities Board (CAB) is dedicated to enhancing campus life by planning and hosting exciting events and activities. From social gatherings to entertainment and traditions, CAB fosters a vibrant community and creates opportunities for students to connect and ma
k
e lasting memories.
Learn More
Marian Alliance
The
Marian Alliance
provides a welcoming space for students to explore and celebrate sexual orientation and gender identity while fostering community, fellowship, and the four core Franciscan values.
Marian Maniacs
Marian Maniacs
aims to create a culture that spar
k
s excitement for all things Marian University! Their main goal is to encourage students to get involved and connect with their peers through a shared passion for our sports teams. We strive to offer a fun, energetic environment that resonates with all Marian students and the broader community.
SOL
SOL celebrates Latino culture and provides a supportive space for students to connect, share experiences, and embrace their heritage. SOL hosts cultural events, educational programs, and community outreach, fostering unity.
Learn More
The Ultimate Frisbee Club
The Ultimate Club focuses on teaching the rules, strategies, and s
k
ills of Ultimate Frisbee through practices, drills, and games. Their goal is to foster a community centered on sportsmanship, athleticism, competition, and fun.
UBI
UBI
strives to create a
family dynamic
and
build community
for the African American students
at
Marian University and in our surrounding community through
educational
,
social
, and
cultural
programs designed to address interpersonal needs and promote individual successes.
Learn More
Women of Marian Society - 1851 Circle
Women of Marian
’s 1851 Circle
is a student-led organization dedicated to empowering women through community,
mentorship, and personal growth. The group hosts events, discussions, and service projects focused on fostering leadership, building connections, and celebrating the achievements of women on campus and beyond.
Learn More
WOC Leadership Institute
The
WOC Leadership Institute
empowers women of color by fostering academic success, building support networks, and enhancing leadership skills. The institute focuses on unity, personal growth, and a commitment to the collective betterment of humankind.
Request Information