URL: https://www.marian.edu/provost/research-and-scholarship/office-of-sponsored-programs-research.php
TITLE: Office of Sponsored Programs and Research | Marian University

Office of Sponsored Programs and Research
Office of Sponsored Programs and Research
The Office of Sponsored Programs & Research and the Office of Grants Management are aware that the memo announcing a federal pause on grants has been rescinded. Given the rapidly changing nature of the federal grant situation, and to protect Marian’s financial interests, we have opted to continue our internal pause on federal grant spending on supplies, unbooked travel, professional services or contractors, and equipment purchases for the time being. To aggregate all federal communication, we have created a webpage titled “
Official 2025 Federal Agency Communications - Live Updates
." This web page lists official federal agency communications concerning changes to agency operations under the new Trump Administration which may affect sponsored programs and research at Marian. We encourage you to check this webpage regularly, and we will provide e-mail updates as soon as new information becomes available. If you have any questions or require further assistance, feel free to reach out to our teams. We’re here to support you.
About Us
The Office of Sponsored Programs & Research (OSPR) partners with the growing and changing research community at Marian University to provide oversight, administrative structure, and consultation to enhance researchers' abilities to obtain and manage sponsored programs. We strive to provide the highest level of professionalism and expertise to support and promote Marian's research environment.
OSPR prepares, reviews, and submits proposals to external sponsors and negotiates and accepts funding on behalf of the University for research, instruction, and other sponsored activity.
OSPR supports the research community by establishing policies related to sponsored program funding, providing guidance and consultation, and serving as a formal liaison with the sponsor on administrative changes throughout the life of the award.
Staff
Rachel Beltzhoover, MS, CRA, is the Director of OSPR and joined Marian University in January 2022. Rachel comes from Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago and brings 5+ years of sponsored programs experience to the office. She obtained her Certified Research Administrator (CRA) credentials in December 2021 and her Master's degree in Research Administration from Emmanuel College in May 2019.
Services
Pre-Award Support
The Office of Sponsored Programs & Research (OSPR) provides pre-award support for all sponsored activities. Marian University faculty members have been recipients of grants from major federal agencies such as the National Science Foundation (NSF), National Institutes of Health (NIH), and U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services (USFWS), as well as many non-federal sponsors, including the American Osteopathic Association, Indiana Academy of Science, American Association of Colleges of Osteopathic Medicine, and many others.
The first step in working with OSPR is to identify the funding opportunity. Once the funding opportunity has been identified, it is critical to read the Request for Proposals (RFP), Funding Opportunity Announcement (FOA), and other announcements and guidelines to ensure that Marian, the principal investigator/project director (PI/PD), and the project are all eligible. OSPR will assist with questions related to eligibility, scope of work, and other issues. Faculty should contact OSPR for administrative support as soon as possible. This time allows the faculty member and OSPR to assess eligibility, write strong project descriptions, and obtain budget assistance.
We will schedule a proposal kick-off meeting as soon as eligibility and submission plans are confirmed. At this meeting, faculty will receive a checklist with all required components of the proposal submission, as well as a budget template and any other forms templates that the sponsor provides. Workload will also be discussed in conjunction with budget planning to ensure that the faculty member has sufficient time to complete the project relative to existing university teaching and professional commitments.
Between the kick-off meeting and proposal submission, faculty members will work closely with Miss Beltzhoover on the budget, the application components, and internal effort certification and routing forms.
Proposals will be submitted at least one business day prior to the sponsor deadline.
Post-Award Support
When an application is approved for funding, the sponsor will send an award letter or packet to the PI and OSPR. It is important that the PI/PD read the award letter carefully to fully understand the terms and conditions of the grant. The award letter will include reporting deadlines, grant restrictions, project period for the funds, and other information necessary for grant management. PIs/PDs should also meet with OSPR to carefully review the award terms and to address questions related to the budget modification, hiring project personnel, and managing expenditures. If the application funded is non-federal and requires Marian University signatures (PI/ OSPR and/ or Provost), all parties must confirm understanding and approval of the terms in the award prior to execution.
Upon acceptance of an award, OSPR will submit an account set-up request to the Finance Office so that the PI receives a sponsored projects account in MUHub, as well as a Project ID for purchasing purposes.
Throughout the lifecycle of the award, OSPR will be the official point of contact with the sponsor. OSPR will also facilitate ongoing communication between the PI and the Finance Office to monitor spending on sponsored awards. Finally, OSPR will facilitate all report submissions and will work with the Business and Finance offices to ensure timely and accurate payments from the sponsored award.
Need to submit a change to the sponsored award? OSPR will facilitate this award. Such changes include, but are not limited to, change of PI, additional or substitution of a Co-Investigator, no-cost extensions, and substantial budget modifications.
Request Information