URL: https://www.marian.edu/provost/research-and-scholarship/office-of-research-operations-integrity-compliance/index.php
TITLE: Office of Research Operations, Integrity and Compliance | Marian University

Office of Research Operations, Integrity and Compliance
Marian University faculty, staff and students are active as scholars by publishing and presenting their work to myriad audiences; click
here
for a listing of recent publications.
The Office of Research Operations, Integrity & Compliance oversees the day-to-day operations of the Marian University scholarly environment and ensures such activities comply with all local, state, and federal requirements. Please visit the
Research & Scholarship Administration Document Repository
for information about specific policies related to research and scholarship. Information related to specific Research Regulatory Committees may be found below.
Biosafety
: The
Institutional Biosafety Committee (IBC)
ensures that research conducted at or sponsored by Marian University complies with the safety standards established by state and federal guidelines. It has oversight of all Marian University laboratory facilities. Email:
ibc@marian.edu
.
Research involving
human subjects
: The
Institutional Review Board (IRB)
oversees research involving human subjects carried out by all persons (faculty, staff, students, etc.) affiliated with Marian University whether in Marian University facilities or elsewhere. Email:
irb@marian.edu
.
Research and/or teaching involving
vertebrate animals
: Marian University has two
Institutional Animal Care & Use Committees (IACUCs)
which oversee research and/or teaching involving vertebrate animals carried out by all persons (faculty, staff, students, etc.) affiliated with Marian University whether in Marian University facilities or elsewhere. The Marian University Ancilla College (MUAC) IACUC oversees such activities at MUAC while the Marian University-Indianapolis IACUC oversees all other locations and those in non-MU facilities. Email:
iacuc@marian.edu
.
Research integrity, financial conflicts of interest, and responsible conduct of research: Marian University maintains an “Assurance and Compliance Program” as detailed in the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services Public Health Service Policies on Promoting Objectivity in Research (42 C.F.R. 50) and the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services Public Health Service Policies on Research Misconduct (42 C.F.R. 93). This program is managed by the following individuals:
The Research Integrity Officer (RIO), who oversees the processes for managing financial conflicts of interest and allegations of research misconduct.
The Responsible Conduct of Research (RCR) Coordinator, who directs an RCR Course and provides expert counsel on best practices to promote the ethical and responsible conduct of research and discourage misconduct.
Request Information