URL: https://www.marian.edu/registrar/test-credit-and-dual-credit.php
TITLE: Test Credit and Dual Credit | Marian University

Test Credit and Dual Credit
Test Credit
Marian University accepts test credits from Advanced Placement (AP), International Baccalaureate (IB), and College Level Examination Program (CLEP)*. Students must have an official score report sent to the Office of the Registrar to be considered/evaluated for credit. Credit may be awarded according to the following equivalency charts:
Advanced Placement (AP) Test Equivalency Information
International Baccalaureate (IB) Test Equivalency Chart 2023
College Level Examination Program (CLEP) Examinations Equivalency Chart 2023
Students who are expecting to receive test credit should check the Test Scores tab in their MUHUB under the Other Tests section to see when scores have been received. Any credit awarded will then be listed in the Non-term Courses section at the beginning of their MUHUB Timeline. Students should reach out to their advisor if they see they have been awarded test credit for courses that they have already registered for in the upcoming semester, so that schedule adjustments can be made if needed.
*For more information about Marian University’s CLEP policy, please refer to Undergraduate Catalog of Programs. Restrictions apply.
Dual Credit
Marian University accepts college credit from students who took classes through a regionally accredited college while they are in high school. Students must send their official college transcript directly from the college/university that they received credit from. Once their final transcript is received, we will award credit based on our transfer policy.
When should I send my dual credit transcript(s)?
If you have already completed dual credit courses in past semesters:
We recommend having your transcript sent ASAP.
If you are currently enrolled in dual credit courses this semester but have not completed any in the past:
You should have your transcript sent after all final grades have been recorded.
If you have already completed dual credit courses in the past
AND
are also currently enrolled in dual credit courses:
We recommend sending transcripts asap. If you are an incoming student who plans to attend New Student Orientation, it is helpful if the courses that are already completed can be recorded and provided to your advisor at NSO. You would need to send another transcript after final grades have been recorded.
If you would rather only send your transcript once
, it is fine to wait and just send one when final grades are posted.
Why should I send my dual credit transcript(s)?
Having all college transcripts sent to the Registrar as soon as possible will help you to avoid issues such as taking a course at Marian University which is unnecessary because of potential dual credit that could have been awarded. It will also give you earned credit hours that will count toward determining your college level.
Even if the course(s) taken will not fulfill any specific requirements at Marian University, you may still receive elective credit that will count toward your total credit hours required for graduation.
What if I am not sure which college(s)/university(ies) my dual credit was offered through?
Contact your high school to get this information so that you can contact the appropriate college(s) to request transcripts.
Some students have taken dual credit through several different colleges or universities.  In this case, you will need to request a transcript from each dual credit partnering college or university.
How do I request an official transcript from another school?
Check the website of each college/university through which you earned dual credit for their transcript request procedures.
Where should I have my official dual credit transcript sent?
Official transcripts can be sent in ONE of the following ways:
electronically to Marian University-Indianapolis or to
regis@marian.edu
-OR-
mailed to Marian University Office of the Registrar, 3200 Cold Spring Rd., Indianapolis, IN 46222 -OR-
hand-delivered if the original sealed envelope is not opened.
When will my transcript be evaluated?
For incoming Fall starts:
Most dual credit transcripts will be evaluated in July/early August.  They will be evaluated on a rolling basis based on workload in our office.
For incoming Spring starts:
Most dual credit transcripts will be evaluated in December/ early January.  They will be evaluated on a rolling basis based on workload in our office.
Once your transcripts have been evaluated, you will receive an e-mail from our office with information on viewing your newly earned credit. If any schedule changes are needed due to the credit awarded, you will typically be able to make these changes online through your MUHUB prior to the beginning of the semester.
Request Information