URL: https://mason.wm.edu/undergraduate/academics/business-administration-minor/index.php
TITLE: Summer Business Administration Minor | Undergraduate Business | William & Mary School of Business

Spend a summer gaining the business foundation that complements any major. The Summer Business Administration Minor allows students to complete 19 credits in an intensive summer experience that introduces the core disciplines of business—including accounting, finance, marketing, analytics, and management. Through coursework and experiential visits to business centers such as Washington D.C., and Richmond, students connect theory to practice while expanding the perspective they bring to their primary field of study.
Applications for Summer 2026 are now being accepted!
Courses, Descriptions & Schedule
Topics
Expand
All
Expand
Computer Skills for Business | May 18 - 22, 2026
BUAD 330 | 1 credit | Online/Synchronous
This course is designed to complement functional courses in the Business Core Program by providing instruction in the use of application software. Typically the course will cover presentation software, spreadsheets, and database application.
Graded: pass/fail.
Principles of Accounting | May 26 - June 5, 2026
BUAD 203 | 3 credits | Residential
A study of the use and preparation of financial information and the accounting system as an interpretative tool to communicate information about a variety of economic events to both internal and external users. Topics covered include the preparation and interpretation of financial statements for external users as well as managerial uses of accounting data, cost analysis, budgeting and performance evaluation.
Business Statistics | June  8 - 19, 2026
BUAD 231 | 3 credits | Residential
Basic concepts of statistical analysis within a business environment. Attention is given to solution methods via use of the computer.
Financial Management | June 22 - July 3, 2026
BUAD 323 | 3 credits | Residential
An examination of the finance function in the firm. Topics include the theory and practice of valuation, current and long-term financing, working capital management, capital budgeting and multinational finance.
Principles of Marketing | July 6 - 17, 2026
BUAD 311 | 3 credits | Residential
A study of the role of marketing in business and the economy. Emphasis is on the examination of functions, institutions and policies.
Organizational Behavior & Management | July 20 - July 31, 2026
BUAD 317 | 3 credits | Residential
This course develops the ability to recognize and manage human and behavioral factors in work settings. Topics include: individual differences, group dynamics, motivation, and an introduction to organizational structure and leadership.
Introduction to Business Analytics | August 3 - 15, 2026
BUAD 350 | 3 credits | Online/Synchronous
The objective of this course is to provide students with an introduction to the concepts of business analytics, operations management and information systems. During this course, students will develop skills in analyzing business situations, developing visualization and decision models designed to effectively analyze and communicate, and to identify expected risks and benefits associated with decisions based on the models developed.
Upcoming Events
Loading
Loading...
Learn more
Loading...
Learn more
Loading...
Learn more
Loading...
Learn more
Loading...
See all events
Frequently Asked Questions
Topics
Expand
All
Expand
What is the application process and deadline?
Admission to the Summer Business Administration minor is open to anyone who meets the minimum requirements, which include a cumulative GPA of 2.5 and 39 completed credit hours by the end of the spring semester. The application will be simple—a brief statement of why you wish to complete this program and an upload of your current transcript.
The deadline to apply is
April 15th.
This program sounds great, but I'm already committed this summer. Can I complete it during the academic year?
No, the business administration minor program will only be offered in the summer.
What if I'm not available for the entirety of the summer (vacation, family event, etc.)?
This is a residential program, and all students are expected to attend in person except for May 18-22 and August 3-15. Those three weeks will be online.
If I already have declared a major and a minor, can I still do this program?
You may declare a major, two majors (double major), or a major and a minor. If you have already decided to complete a different major and a different minor, you would not be eligible to complete this program. Please note that students are not allowed to double-major in business or major and minor in business.
If my major is something other than business, can I still apply to the program?
Yes! This minor is specifically designed for students who want to learn general business principles across all areas of business.
What would the pathway into the major program be?
Students who wish to be considered for the major program will be reviewed after final grades are posted for the minor program. If a student is admitted into the major program after completing the minor program, the minor will be dropped.
If I have already completed certain courses, will I need to take them again?
No! That being said, the program is designed to be completed from start to finish over the summer. If you have already taken one of the courses, you will not need to take it again, but you will be required to take all of the rest of the courses.
How much will it cost?
Summer 2026 Undergraduate Tuition Rates
In-State (per credit hour): $639 + $250 business program fee
Out-of-State (per credit hour): $1,496 + $250 business program fee
In addition to tuition charges, there is a one-time registration fee of $25.00 and a one-time comprehensive fee of $58.00. The comprehensive fee supports various campus services available to students during the summer months.
For more information, including billing dates, please visit the
undergraduate tuition webpage
.
Will I be able to live on campus or do I need to secure my own housing?
You can do either one! Campus housing is available from May 28 - August 2. The housing application will go live on March 18.