URL: https://mason.wm.edu/undergraduate/student-experience/student-organizations/index.php
TITLE: Student Organizations | Undergraduate Business | William & Mary School of Business

The student organizations at the Raymond A. Mason School of Business connect students from a diverse array of majors to the resources of the Business School, helping them explore careers, gain valuable academic insight, and connect with like-minded peers.
The Entrepreneurship Hub
The Entrepreneurship Hub exists to educate, inspire, and support students in developing the skills and mindset of an entrepreneur. We view entrepreneurship through the wider lens of entrepreneurial thinking—a highly versatile set of skills and a mindset that is necessary to solve wicked problems. There are lots of engagement opportunities at the Entrepreneurship Hub, such as the Alumni Founder Series, Community Hangout, Rocket Connect, and an Internship Program.
Learn More About the Entrepreneurship Hub
Alpha Kappa Psi
Alpha Kappa Psi
Alpha Kappa Psi is America's largest and oldest nationally recognized professional business fraternity. The organization is comprised of all majors and academic years, with students sharing a common drive to succeed in today's complex business world. Alpha Kappa Psi brings monthly speakers to campus, offering unique insights into many of today's hottest business segments. The fraternity focuses on honing networking, resume-building, and interview skills, and additionally is host to many social and mentoring activities for it's members.
Consulting Club
The Consulting Club is a student-run organization for all majors interested in the field of consulting. It is a place for business minded individuals and prospective consultants to build skills, network, and share resources related to the field of consulting. The club hosts information sessions and workshops regarding resume building, network tips, and more. The preparation program helps ensure members are properly prepared for consulting interviews that follow an industry-specific format. Alumni consultants can speak to their journeys into the world of consulting and answer any questions.
Howard J. Busbee Finance Academy
The Finance Academy is a student organization created to help W&M undergraduates learn more about careers in finance and help interested students network with finance professionals. The Finance Academy co-sponsors the annual DoG Street to Wall Street Program, sponsors two
Training the Street
professional education programs annually, and hosts seminars on topics including venture capital, equity markets, mergers and acquisitions, investment banking, financial consulting, trading and the financial aspects of the recording industry. Students receive training in financial software systems, such as Bloomberg, and learn more abut professional certification like the CFA. A formal mentoring board pairs interested members with young alumni working in their area of interest. Annual networking nights in New York City bring alumni and students together.
Learn More About the Finance Academy
More Students Organizations
Mason Investment Club
The Investment Club manages the Mason Investment Fund, an entirely student-run undergraduate investment fund at William & Mary. With a current portfolio value of approximately $40,000, the fund provides an excellent opportunity for both experienced and beginning investors to become involved in the active management of a sizable investment fund. Students are provided hands-on experience in developing their knowledge of security research, valuation techniques, and portfolio management. The Mason Investment Fun thrives on member involvement, with students preparing both educational presentations and stock pitches for weekly meetings.
Learn More About the Investment Club
Smart Woman Securities/Women in Business
The Boehly Center is proud to present the club, SWS/WIB, the merger of Smart Woman Securities and Women In Business. SWS/WIB promotes confidence, exploration, and drive in undergraduate business students. There is much to be gained from the mentoring advice, insight, and discussions that occur in a supportive and cooperative setting. The club provides a supportive and welcoming environment for education at an introductory level. Students can meet and mentor one another as they learn about the courses available to them in the Raymond A. Mason School, in addition to interview and internship advice and preparation.
Learn More About Smart Woman Securities/WOmen in business
Student Marketing Association
The Student Marketing Association (SMA) was established to give W&M undergraduates of any major or background the ability to learn and grow in the field of marketing. The SMA sponsors Tribe Tank in the fall semester and hosts various events throughout the year including guest speakers, executive luncheons, alumni networking sessions, and professional workshops. The SMA also organizes an annual trip to New York City to visit top marketing firms and connect students with alumni in the field. Students who choose to joint the SMA will have access to an exceptional marketing network and premier access to job and internship opportunities. The SMA uses the unique background of our members and alumni to develop effective marketing skills to make an impact in our communities.
Tribe Innovation
Tribe Innovation strives to inspire individual creativity, solve relevant problems in the community, and gain professional experience by working with clients on campus and in the surrounding. Tribe Innovation hosts workshops twice a semester to expose the campus to the design thinking process and its real-world applications. The club also provides a comprehensive and rigorous training program for students who wish to become Certified Innovation Facilitators and work on client projects, enacting positive and creative change in the community.
Wayne F. Gibbs Accounting Society
The Wayne F. Gibbs Accounting Society is a student-run organization for accounting majors, concentrators, and students interested in the accounting field. Gibbs hosts presentations by recruiters who come to campus looking to hire students for full-time positions and internships, information sessions about the
William & Mary Masters of Accounting
program and the Becker CPA review course, and professional development workshops. The mission of the Wayne F. Gibbs Accounting Society is to support activities that encourage meaningful interactions among Mason School students, business professionals, and the community.