URL: https://mason.wm.edu/undergraduate/student-experience/index.php
TITLE: Undergraduate Student Experience | Undergraduate Business | William & Mary School of Business

Life at the Mason School goes beyond the classroom walls. Our community is a place where each student can feel connected to their classmates, to the faculty, and to their future.
We are dedicated to helping each student create a life of balance. Each student designs an Individual Program of Study (IPS), a personalized and comprehensive path to success that builds on individual talents, passions, and interests.
To nurture this environment, the Mason School has personal and professional development programs, a wide range of student organizations, and enrichment events. These activities are designed to enhance the learning experience and foster individual development as students prepare to become the people they want to be and shape the world in which they want to live.
Centers of Excellence
The William & Mary Entrepreneurship Hub
Viewing entrepreneurship through the wider lens of entrepreneurial thinking, cultivating a highly versatile set of skills and a mindset necessary to solve today's increasingly complex problems.
Ukrop Studio for Innovation and Design
Helping students think and work more creatively, holistically, and collaboratively, enabling them to identify and solve important problems and pursue the great opportunities that define our time.
The Boehly Center for Excellence in Finance
Providing opportunities for advanced financial training, career exploration, networking, and experiential learning through financial firm-sponsored competitions and industry-leader and faculty-taught courses.
The Estes Center for Accounting
Supporting accounting students through specialized career development, employer engagement, and professional preparation as they pursue one of the most in-demand fields in business.
Jillian O'Toole '23
The biggest highlight for me is how much William & Mary feels like a community, whether that's a community within the business school, the soccer team, and overall, campus.
Jillian O'Toole
BBA '23
Read More from Jillian O'Toole
Getting Involved!
Student Organizations
Case Competitions