URL: https://mason.wm.edu/undergraduate/profiles/kenneth-luong/index.php
TITLE: Kenneth Tran-Luong | Undergraduate Business | William & Mary School of Business

Hometown:
Springfield, VA
Major/Minor/Concentration:
BBA, Finance, and Consulting
What have been some highlights for you at William & Mary?
During my time at William & Mary, I have been very fortunate to have had a multitude of unique experiences that have built me up to who I am today. Nonetheless, this also would not have been possible without my beloved mentors and The Boehly Center. I've worked for PwC as a non-profit consulting extern, participated in the first eight-student cohort with the Freemont Group, was the first DE&I Chair at The Boehly Center, and was an intern with the National Association of Broadcasters. This past summer, I interned with CUNA Mutual Group in their investment and retirement group, where I had the opportunity to work under three seasoned financial advisors in Waltham, MA. Post-internship, I was selected to work with the firm to hire new interns for Fall 2022 Center of Excellence in Finance, helping underclassmen with professional development and internship concerns. All these opportunities have contributed positively to my experience at William & Mary.
How have the professors contributed positively to your experience at William & Mary?
All my professors have provided me with exceptional resources to better my business acumen. Two individuals, in particular, stand out to me: Professor Skimmyhorn, who drove me to work even harder and to never give up when times were tough. His class was rigorous, and I was on the verge of dropping out, but he sat down with me. After a long talk, I became convinced that I could really do it and become someone in finance. Dr. Julie Agnew was my pre-major advisor. She really opened the door by encouraging me to join extracurriculars such as Finance Academy, Investment Club, and The Boehly Center to better understand my place in the financial services industry when I was a freshman and had no idea of what I wanted to do. Without these individuals, I would not have had the stepping stones that helped propel my career in finance.
Where do you see yourself in five years?
In five years, I see myself working as an associate at a firm, mainly in banking, specifically in middle-market banking or real estate. I would like to have purchased my first apartment somewhere in the city and move my cat Periwinkle in with me. I'd like to also be able to repay my mother for all her constant struggles in raising me and taking care of my dad, as one of my future goals is to retire early. By then, I think that I will have enough knowledge to be one step ahead in securing a financially stable future for me and my family.
What advice would you give prospective or current students who are looking to pursue a similar path to yours?
My advice is to always appreciate the value of time. Time matters. It sounds so cliché, but I didn't fully understand the value of time until my previous summer internship. I had a couple of set goals; to network, absorb as much knowledge as I can, and to learn how to live on my own in a completely different state 9 hours from my hometown. Time management and simply blocking out negativity really helped me survive the summer in Massachusetts. Another piece of advice I would give is to never give up. I've been in a variety of situations where it has seemed like all help is lost but continued to push through those obstacles to get where I am today. Any realistic feat or dream is achievable if enough practice, patience, and grit are present.
People of Mason
Read More About People of Undergraduate Business
Read More About People of Mason
Ready to Start Your Undergraduate Business Journey?
Apply Now
Admissions
Connect With Us