URL: https://mason.wm.edu/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate Business at W&M | William & Mary School of Business

Undergraduate Business at W&M
Call to Actions
Apply Now
Download Fact Sheet
Open Viewbook
Intro text
Ready for an education as dynamic as the business world itself? Aspire to something higher at William & Mary's Raymond A. Mason School of Business. Beginning as early as your sophomore year, you'll gain access to nationally ranked faculty, career preparation resources, and a curriculum designed to connect the liberal arts tradition with real-world business practice.
From interdisciplinary coursework to hands-on experience, each day is an investment in your future success. Choose from four majors, various minors and concentrations, pursue study abroad without delaying graduation, and take advantage of accelerated pathways to a Mason School's master's degree. Other business schools tell you what you have to do. We ask you to imagine what you can do.
Commitment to your Growth and Success
Admissions
Academics
Careers
Student Experience
Connect with Us
Outro text
You're not one-dimensional, so why should your education be?
The Mason School's undergraduate curriculum gives you the freedom to design a path that fits who you are and prepares you to shape the world. Combine academic interests with career goals through your choice of four business majors, various minors and concentrations, and the flexibility to double major or minor across Arts & Sciences and the School of Computing, Data Sciences & Physics. You'll be enabled to explore a variety of paths and integrate your interest, strengths, and aspirations.
By The Numbers
650+
Students in the Business School
51
Professors
4
Majors
10
Minors
Tristan Andrews '22
Originally, I thought having business on my resume would be valuable, but once I got to the Mason School, I realized that business was much more than a marketable tool. I was able to network and connect with faculty, staff, and other students, which is invaluable. I also gained tangible skills that included analytics and data science.
Tristan Andrews
BBA '22
Read More from Tristan Andrews
Centers of Excellence
The William & Mary Entrepreneurship Hub
Viewing entrepreneurship through the wider lens of entrepreneurial thinking, cultivating a highly versatile set of skills and a mindset necessary to solve today's increasingly complex problems.
Ukrop Studio for Innovation and Design
Helping students think and work more creatively, holistically, and collaboratively, enabling them to identify and solve important problems and pursue the great opportunities that define our time.
The Boehly Center for Excellence in Finance
Providing opportunities for advanced financial training, career exploration, networking, and experiential learning through financial firm-sponsored competitions and industry-leader and faculty-taught courses.
The Estes Center for Accounting
Supporting accounting students through specialized career development, employer engagement, and professional preparation as they pursue one of the most in-demand fields in business.
Upcoming Events
Loading
Loading...
Learn more
Loading...
Learn more
Loading...
Learn more
Loading...
Learn more
Loading...
See all events