URL: https://mason.wm.edu/undergraduate/academics/global-opportunities/index.php
TITLE: Global Opportunities | Undergraduate Business | William & Mary School of Business

The Raymond A. Mason School of Business is at the frontier of global experiential learning. We encourage each student to incorporate an international experience into their Individual Program of Study (IPS). We provide curricular sequencing so all students may study abroad for a semester without delaying graduation and offer advising to help students maximize their experience while abroad. Social entrepreneurship projects and international internships also provide practical experience in this dynamic environment. Learning diverse ways to engage, our students are equipped to enter the dynamic, global business environment which awaits them after graduation.
Study Abroad
A study abroad experience gives you a valuable perspective, and is a vital contribution to your business education. By studying at a foreign institution, you take a moment to look at the world from a unique point of view. The way businesses interact in England or Australia or China is distinct from the way businesses interact in the United States and understanding those differences is invaluable.
Each year, the undergraduate business faculty determines whether they can offer its own unique global study abroad program.
Steps to get you started with Study Abroad
Topics
Expand
All
Expand
Attend a Study Abroad Workshop
Study Abroad Workshops
are offered by the Reves Center for International Studies. In these sessions, you will learn how to best utilize the resources in the study abroad library and how to find the program that's exactly what you're looking for. They provide you with a packet of information, including the "Study Abroad Student Handbook," which provides you with a lot of practical information. There are special sessions for business students considering study abroad.
Research Programs
First,
research your study abroad options
. You can find a wealth of information online. Talk to your friends who have previously studied abroad. Take our
Pre-trip Assessment
to help you understand your personal goals and academic objectives in studying abroad.
Meet with a Study Abroad Advisor
Meet with a Study Abroad Advisor
in the Reves Center who will help you finalize your selection of a program. Do not forget to ask them about Business Tuition Exchange and Partner Programs. Then meet with a
business academic advisor
in the Undergraduate Business Program office to discuss how your coursework fits in with your IPS.
Apply for a Program
To
apply for study abroad
, fill out the correct form on the Reves Center website that correlates to your study abroad experience, as well as prepare letters of recommendation and transcripts if necessary.
Register with the Reves Center for International Studies
You are required to
register with the Reves Center
. Let them know that you are studying abroad and fill out the correct forms so the appropriate departments know you are still attending the university.
Get Credits Approved
If you are traveling on a Business Program or studying business abroad, get your credits pre-approved. You can do this in the Undergraduate Business Program office with a
business academic advisor
or by
filling out a form
and emailing it to
[[m|bba]]
. Information about receiving course credit is also available on the Reves Center website.
International Internships
With an internship abroad students can gain valuable career and international experience while living and working in another country. Such experience is especially beneficial to students interested in working in transnational corporations, businesses with international clients or supply chains, or in businesses located in another country.
There are several organizations that offer international internships in business.
Contact the Reves Center and set up an advising appointment