URL: https://mason.wm.edu/undergraduate/profiles/tristan-andrews/index.php
TITLE: Tristan Andrews | Undergraduate Business | William & Mary School of Business

Hometown:
Chesapeake, VA
Major/Minor/Concentration:
BBA, Business Analytics, Data Science Emphasis; BA, Philosophy
Employer:
Accenture Federal Services
Position:
Analytics Analyst
Why pursue business as part of your education?
Originally, I thought having business on my resume would be valuable, but once I got to the Mason School, I realized that business was much more than a marketing tool. I was able to network and connect with faculty, staff, and other students, which is invaluable. I also gained tangible business skills that included analytics and data science. There was a lot of overlap with my philosophy major in relation to ethics, value, and business practices.
What or who has had the greatest impact on you?
COVID had much more of an impact than any one person or event could have had on my college experience. Even though it was a very difficult time period for a lot of people, we were able to come together as a community, and it brought a lot of resilience to the students, faculty, and staff. It also changed the workforce and the way people work. We were exposed to the same tools within the business school that the rest of the workforce was using, which was so helpful when I began working after graduation.
Where do you see yourself in five years?
I see myself expanding my career as a consultant and working in project management, maybe as a project manager. I'd like to discover more about myself and move up the corporate ladder.
What advice would you give prospective or current students who are looking to pursue a similar path to yours?
It's never too late to try or to try again. When I first applied to the business school, I was accepted as a "minor," not a "major." While a lot of people may have seen that as a challenge, a disappointment, or a deterrent, I submitted my application to be a "major" again and was accepted. Had I not tried or tried again, I wouldn't have had the full experience I was able to have in the business school.
People of Mason
Read More About People of Undergraduate Business
Read More About People of Mason
Ready to Start Your Undergraduate Business Journey?
Apply Now
Admissions
Connect With Us