URL: https://mason.wm.edu/undergraduate/student-experience/case-competitions/index.php
TITLE: Case Competitions | Undergraduate Business | William & Mary School of Business

Gain real-world experience through participation in a case competition that fits your interests! For more information or questions email
[[m|bba]]
.
CFA Institute Research Challenge
Hosted by the CFA Institute, this competition provides a solid learning experience and exposure to the real world investments. It is the only finance competition with a corresponding required (application-based) class at the Raymond A. Mason School of Business.
During the CFA Institute Global Investment Challenge, teams from universities across the world are first assigned a publicly traded company that is common across the region. Then, they perform in-depth research and valuation to develop a research report that reflects the investment recommendation of the team. The teams are judged based on the content of the research report as well as the presentation of their investment thesis. The teams that advance from the regional level present at the national level against other schools, each presenting the company chosen for their respective region.
Carlyle Case Study
Co-hosted by the Finance Academy and The Carlyle Group, The Carlyle Case Study offers W&M Finance students a unique private equity experience. Teams model a waterfall distribution of a hypothetical private equity fund, calculate the returns to general and limited partners and present their results to executives at The Carlyle Group.
More Competitions
Deloitte Audit Innovation Challenge
The Deloitte Audit Innovation Challenge was designed to introduce accounting students to the auditing profession while also challenging students to work together on a team. Students begin with a regional competition in the fall semester with the hopes of making it to nationals in the spring.
Deloitte Consulting's Battle of the Beltway
The Battle of the Beltway is a Federal business case competition for college sophomores and juniors. Up to nine teams of four students each compete at their own university, analyzing the case and presenting their solution. The top two teams will then compete against other colleges in the final round at George Washington University.
Deloitte FanTAXtic Case Competition
The Deloitte FanTAXtic Case Competition was designed to introduce students to technical tax research while also exhibiting potential career options and challenging students to work together as a team. Out of 23 years participating in the FanTAXtic challenge, William & Mary has won the national prize 11 times, and since 2011—has taken home the top prize at regionals in the fall in five out of six competitions.
Grant Thornton Case Competition
This weeklong case competition allows teams of 4-5 students the opportunity to solve real world business problems and present their solutions to a professional panel. The Spring 2017 case involved public sector consulting with data analytics focus.
Invictus Challenge
Based in New York, Invictus is a financial advisory firm specializing in risk profiling, bank stress testing, and groundbreaking data analysis. Comprised of separate challenges, the Invictus Challenge aims to provide students with real-world experience while also helping solve issues relevant to the company. According to Invictus, the goal of the challenge is "to establish on a selective basis a strategic corporate relationship with leading universities that focus on financial services market research topics of mutual interest to Invictus and the school."
Michigan Undergraduate Investment Conference
This annual fall conference hosts student teams from around the country. Each team is given the opportunity to pitch long position in front of a panel of current industry professionals. The competition is a student-led initiative designed to serve as the premier undergraduate forum for students from the nation's top business programs to exchange market insight and learn from industry professionals.
Navigant Case Competition
Navigant Case Competition
This annual fall event has William & Mary students competing against their classmates in a 24 hour case competition. After reaching a solution, teams present to W&M Alumni working at Navigant as well as Executive Partners of the University. The top four teams move on to the finals and compete for cash prizes.