URL: https://mason.wm.edu/undergraduate/careers/index.php
TITLE: Undergraduate Careers | Undergraduate Business | William & Mary School of Business

Our graduates are trained to excel—in the classroom, in their careers, and in the world. That commitment to excellence is reflected in our outcomes. We are proud to report a 96% job or graduate school placement rate within just three months of graduation, a testament to the strength of our programs and the dedication of our students. Equally impressive, the median starting salary of our graduates is $69,671, underscoring the real value of a Mason School education.
When you begin your journey at the Mason School, you’re not just earning a degree—you’re building a foundation for long-term success. Through rigorous training, hands-on learning, and the development of essential professional skills, your discipline and hard work translate directly into meaningful opportunities. At the Mason School, your investment in your future truly pays off.
Explore, Prepare, and Connect
Topics
Expand
All
Expand
EXPLORE the paths
Knowing the potential paths is a key first step. Through EXPLORE programming, students discover career options within the various business disciplines. Topics include:
Advising sessions by major or minor
Interactive panels with visiting organizations
Researching an industry
Developing a job search strategy
Navigating career events (just-in-time before large career events)
Informational interviews with alumni
PREPARE for success
Telling your story is an art. Being able to write and speak with impact so others will see the value is critical. PREPARE programming focuses on personal branding. One's personal story is developed through resume writing, interviewing skills, and online profiles.
Making your mark in ink
Interviewing as storytelling
Designing and managing your online profile
Flexing your brand for different opportunities
CONNECT through relationships
Relationships are essential for a good life, a good career, and a successful business. In CONNECT programming, students learn how to build their network by participating in events with alumni and organizations. These networking opportunities occur both at W&M and off-campus as students visit organizations.
Mapping your professional network
Networking for success at on-campus events
Building relationships with the W&M alumni family
Etiquette for following up on new connections
Social networking for the job search
Engagement Opportunities
650+
Unique Employers Recruiting on Campus or Posting for Full-Time Offers
350+
Unique Employers Recruiting on Campus or Posting for Internship Offers
890+
Engagements via the Office of Career Development & Professional Engagement
Professional Resources
It is essential to develop your own brand. One's personal story is developed and displayed through resume, cover letter and online profile writing; networking within your personal, professional, and W&M circles; and preparing for the interviewing process. The ability to write and speak with impact about yourself is critical in your search for internships and jobs. The
Office of Career Development & Professional Engagement
has developed tools to help you create the best personal brand possible.
Online Presence
Resume Resources
Cover Letter Resources
Networking Resources
Interviewing Resources
Career Guides
The career guides are intended to give students an overview of the accompanying career paths associated with each area. Each guide provides core competencies, organizations & associations, skills & qualifications, employers actively recruiting, interviewing and/or hiring W&M students within your major area, job titles, and sample resume.
Accounting
Business Analytics
Finance
Marketing
Consulting
Kenneth Luong '24
My advice is to always appreciate the value of time. Time matters. It sounds cliché, but I didn't fully understand the value of time until my previous summer internship.
Kenneth Luong
BBA '23
Read More from Kenneth Luong
Office of Career Development & Professional Engagement
The Office of Career Development & Professional engagement partners in the educational process, empowering students and recent alumni to explore possibilities and navigate lifelong career development.
Learn More