URL: https://mason.wm.edu/undergraduate/profiles/maeve-marsh/index.php
TITLE: Maeve Marsh | Undergraduate Business | William & Mary School of Business

Hometown:
Arlington, VA
Major/Minor/Concentration:
BBA, Business Analytics, Data Science with a Consulting Concentration; Art History, Curatorial Studies
Why did you choose William & Mary for undergrad?
Growing up, I was really interested in art, and as I got older, I discovered this passion for the intersection of business and art history. I found when I was looking for colleges there wasn't really a place to study both except for William & Mary. I liked that the Mason School had the quantitative aspects needed for a business degree but was also humanities-focused by teaching leadership and other soft skills. I also liked how passionate the students are—inside and outside of the business school—about different things. I knew I would be able to grow and discover more about myself in a college setting at William & Mary.
How has the academic content contributed positively to your experience at William & Mary?
There is a huge emphasis on learning a wide array of different skills. During a past semester, I would go to classes on coding, and then I would go to others about curating an art exhibit. The wide range of content I've been exposed to has contributed to my experience immensely because it's opened my mind to so many different opportunities and experiences in the world and encouraged me to be curious about the ways to use the new skills I've acquired.
What have been some highlights for you at William & Mary?
I love both the William & Mary and Williamsburg communities on- and off-campus. On campus, I am president of our Women in Business Club and the Consulting Club. I'm also involved with the university advancement office, which works with alumni donations. I've been able to form so many different friendships just by following my general passions outside of the classroom. The school also does a good job of helping me to connect with the local community. I have a job in Williamsburg, and I'm also a girl scout troop leader.
What or who has had the greatest impact on you?
My professors have been such great allies in encouraging me to move farther into my career and to follow my passions. I've seen this support the most from my business school professors. They've introduced me to connections I may need to advance my career, and they've helped me write my resume, and have encouraged me to apply for different scholarships. I feel they have my best interest at heart, and they've helped me realize my potential and understand how I can grow my career.
People of Mason
Read More About People of Undergraduate Business
Read More About People of Mason
Ready to Start Your Undergraduate Business Journey?
Apply Now
Admissions
Connect With Us