URL: https://www.anderson.ucla.edu/degrees/executive-mba/emba-admit-central/pre-emba-preparation
TITLE: Pre-EMBA Preparation | UCLA Anderson School of Management

Pre-EMBA Preparation
We Are 100% Invested in Your Academic Success
When you arrive at UCLA Anderson, you will begin your studies with our rigorous core courses. Your success is our number one priority, so we want to make sure you are ready for the academic challenge. We've created the following resources to help you brush up on your skills in the months before you begin the program.
UCLA Anderson Preparation Courses
We offer a suite of online online self-paced courses and one-day workshops covering math, excel, statistics, and writing to prepare you for the program. Course details are regularly updated. All courses are optional unless specified by the admissions team.
All students who have paid the deposit, submitted a Statement of Intent to Register (SIR) and created a UCLA Logon ID are able to enroll in each of the courses and gain access to the content modules. Optional course eBooks are available for purchase for students wanting additional practice.
Details and Registration
Online Course: MBA Math Preparation
Instructor:
David Ravetch
Description:
Math for Management is an online course created by the Anderson School of Management to help incoming MBA students refresh their math skills, and is ideal for any student who would benefit from a comprehensive review of mathematics. There are no prerequisites for the course.
Available Date:
February 2026
Format/Length:
Self-paced (7 Modules, all content available upfront. Each module is intended to take about one week.)
Course Materials (Optional):
$74.99 - $124.99, or free 2-week enrollment
Purchase required to practice, do homework and take quizzes, and eventually receive a final grade.
Enrollment Instructions and Complete Course Info
Enrollment Information:
Follow the link below to self-enroll in the BruinLearn Learning Environment course “MBA Math Preparation 2026"
Click here to login to "BruinLearn"
Login to the site using your UCLA Logon ID and password. This is the same logon used to complete your UCLA Statement of Intent to Register (SIR).
Enroll yourself in the course to access the content by clicking the link at the right of the page to "Enroll In Course"
Topics:
Algebra, Linear Equations, Functions, Introduction to Differential Calculus, Mathematics of Finance, Probability and an Introduction to Statistics.
If you need a summer class filled with lots of drill and practice, this is it. If you need a course with a professor teaching the class, explaining concepts, and doing examples, but with the convenience of attending online whenever you are able, this is the course for you.
Mode of Instruction:
The instructor's lectures are delivered as a sequence of short video clips that students watch via web browser. Each clip addresses an individual concept or problem. This class is created to be a self-study program, with live assistance available from the instructor when needed (phone, email or virtual).
Instructor Availability:
Course start through September 4, 2026.
Course Access:
You retain access to the online material as long as you are a UCLA Anderson student. This means you can come back and refer to the videos if you are feeling rusty on a particular concept that you need to apply in class.
Close
Online Course: MBA Excel Preparation
Instructor:
David Ravetch
Description:
David Ravetch has taught Excel to students advanced in Excel and has still been able to show them things that they have never seen before. The Excel Preparation course is a hands-on Excel tutorial to show you the features and functionality of Excel through the solving of business-related problems and applications. The course won’t simply show you where to click or provide a list of shortcuts. All of the teaching is done through problem solving.
Available Date:
Summer 2026
Statistics 1-Day Online Workshop (Zoom)
Available:
Summer 2026
Excel 1-Day Online Workshop (Zoom)
Available:
Summer 2026
Writing Videos & Practice Session (Zoom)
More
Close
UCLA Leadership Lab 2022 for Newly Admitted Students (Zoom)
Led by UCLA Anderson Assistant Dean Dylan Stafford and UCLA Luskin School of Social Welfare Adjunct Professor Khush Cooper, the 2022 participating programs include Dentistry, Executive MBA, Financial Engineering, Fully Employed MBA, Medicine, Nursing, Public Health, and Social Welfare
Live Virtual Session Date and Time
Tuesday, July 19, 2022
5:30pm PST
Register
MORE ABOUT THIS WORKSHOP
"Leadership begins with leading yourself."
To build community across campus, we are collaborating with several UCLA graduate programs to host the 2022 Leadership Lab for Newly Admitted Students. In this three-hour experience, you’ll engage in a conversation about what kind of leader you want to become while at UCLA. In the interactive breakout sessions, you’ll get a chance to meet new admits from across the UCLA community. We invite you to register and enjoy this unique evening of discovering the leader in you.
Led by UCLA Anderson Assistant Dean Dylan Stafford and UCLA Luskin School of Social Welfare Adjunct Professor Khush Cooper, the 2022 participating programs include Dentistry, Executive MBA, Financial Engineering, Fully Employed MBA, Medicine, Nursing, Public Health, and Social Welfare.
Close
Online Course: Financial Accounting Preparation (Due January 2023)
Instructor:
Henry Friedman
Format/Length:
Self-paced, 10-15 hours to complete overall
NOTE: It is recommended that you take this preparation course in December over the Winter Break to ensure the content is fresh for the start of the Financial Accounting course in Jan. 2023. Still, we are making it available early if you want to get started sooner and plan accordingly.
Counts 5% toward your Accounting class grade
Your accounting professors have created a comprehensive preparation module to ensure that each student begins their MBA Financial Accounting course with the same level of familiarity with basic accounting concepts.
This is mandatory for all students.
It is recommended that you take this preparation course in December 2022 over the winter break to ensure that your familiarity with the content is fresh for your Financial Accounting course in January 2023. While we encourage you to start this course in December 2022, we are making it available to you now in the event you want to get started early or anticipate a busy winter break. This preparation course is mandatory for all students to complete by January 2023.
You will be reminded of this requirement closer to January 2023.
Enrollment Instructions & Course Info
Enrollment Instructions
Follow the link below to self-enroll to the BruinLearn Learning Environment course "MGMTEX-AcctPrepSummer2022"
Click to login to "BruinLearn"
Login to the site using your UCLA Logon ID and password. This is the same logon used to complete your Statement of Intent to Register (SIR).
The course is self-paced, and will likely take you about 10 - 15 hours total to complete. There are some components (for example, total grades from your online quizzes in the module) that will count toward 5% of your grade in your MGMTEX 403 Financial Accounting course.
Close
Supplementary Outside Preparation
You can also consider some online tools to help with preparation for the program. Take a look at the online tools section below for recommended options.
GMAC Business Fundamentals
In preparation for your business school journey, we are excited to recommend GMAC Business Fundamentals which includes three courses: Accounting, Finance, and Statistics, which will help you master the core business concepts you need to succeed in the classroom. These courses are completely asynchronous. The average study and preparation time for a student is 15-19 hours per course. A grade is provided after the course is completed. The grade is the outcome of a final exam which can be retaken three times.
VISIT GMAC BUSINESS FUNDAMENTALS
Accounting
Become acquainted with balance sheets and cashflow statements; understand the framework for describing and assessing a business’ finances; and learn to differentiate assets, liabilities, and equity.
Finance
Gain an understanding of how businesses raise capital, manage debt, and build equity; become familiar with financial analysis procedures; and get an overview of managerial finance in the corporate world.
Statistics
Learn how to analyze, summarize, and leverage spreadsheets; practice displaying data to guide business decisions, and explore Probability Theory and the Normal Distribution Model.
Pre-MBA Courses
UCLA Extension
UCLA Extension offers multiple courses including Mathematics for Management, Statistics, Accounting, and so on.
VIEW UCLA EXTENSION COURSES
UC Berkeley Extension
Register for MATH X402 - Math for Management for a self-paced introduction to quantitative and statistical techniques to prepare you for your MBA coursework.
UC BERKELEY EXTENSION MATH FOR MANAGEMENT
Community College Courses
You may also choose to take courses from a community college such as Calculus, Statistics, Accounting, Finance, and so on.
McGraw Hill Aleks
This option is favored by our current students and staff, as it is adaptive and adjusts material to focus on only those areas where you need more work. You can take a free tour of how their product functions to see if it's right for you. We recommend the "Essential Math Skills for Business" module. Pricing is very economical at only $19.95 a month.
Take a Free Tour
Essential Math Skills for Business
Pricing
Khan Academy
Khan Academy is also popular with students because their instructional videos are free. We recommend that you work your way through the majority of videos in the Algebra section. But you do not need to do Conic Sections, Matrices, and Imaginary and Complex Numbers, as those concepts are not necessary to succeed in the MBA program.
Visit Khan Academy
Harvard Business Publishing
This is also a good choice, used by students at many top business schools and professionals at Fortune 2000 companies. However, the price point is higher than the options above at approximately $100 per module. If you decide on this option, our recommendation is to focus on the Spreadsheet Modeling and Mathematics for Management sections. The other sections focus on content that you will cover in your MBA classes.
Visit Harvard Business Publishing
UCLA Campus Resources
Accommodating Students with Disabilities
If you are a member of the faculty or non-faculty academic personnel or staff and a student indicates that they are in need of a disability-related academic accommodation, please promptly refer the student to the Center for Accessible Education (CAE) at (310) 825-1501 or via email at CAEintake@saonet.ucla.edu. More information can be found on the
CAE website
.
What is an “Accommodation” or “Reasonable Academic Accommodation” for Students Enrolled in UCLA Courses or in Campus Programs?
According to the Center for Accessible Education on Academic Accommodations: “Reasonable accommodations are determined through an interactive process between the CAE, the student and instructional staff. It is axiomatic that reasonable accommodations must be disability-based. The academic adjustments and/or auxiliary aids, and/or modification or adjustment to practices, procedures or policies are so that a qualified student with a disability receives equal access to a course, program, service or activity.
Accommodations can be: Changes to a classroom environment or task that permit a student with a disability to participate in the educational process. Reasonable modifications to policies, practices or procedures that enable the student to participate in UCLA’s programs, including admissions, academics, online and distance education courses and housing.”
Recreation
Contact info@recreation.ucla.edu for Recreation account activation to be eligible to purchase the membership at the student rate ($60/Quarter).
Registration and Membership
The Students with Dependents Program
(SwD) at the Bruin Resource Center provides support to UCLA undergraduate, graduate, and professional school students who are parents, guardians, and caregivers. The program is committed to promoting your success by offering programs and advocacy that enrich a parenting student's academic, personal, and professional goals.
Learn More
Course Waivers
Incoming students are able to test out of the following courses:
MGMTEX 403-1 Financial Accounting, MGMTEX 405-1 Economic Analysis for Managers, MGMTEX 408-1 Financial Policy for Managers, and MGMTEX 411-1 Marketing Strategy & Policy
.
If you are a CPA and can provide proof of your license, you are eligible to be waived out of the following course without any examination:
MGMT 403: Managerial Accounting
. Please email a copy of your CPA license to Allison Etkins:
nanette.ramzan@anderson.ucla.edu
to waive out of this course.
While a course waiver excuses you from taking a core class,
it does not reduce the minimum number of units required to earn your MBA degree
. Students have the option of making up those units via electives either during the respective quarter of the core course being waived or at some point during the elective portion of the program.
You will not be able to waive out of other courses.