URL: https://www.anderson.ucla.edu/degrees/master-of-financial-engineering/admissions/international-applicants
TITLE: International Applicants | UCLA Anderson School of Management

International Applicants
Join Our Global Community of Quants
UCLA Anderson is home to many international students and faculty members. Applicants who do not have U.S. citizenship or permanent residence at the time of application are considered to be international students. Please direct all your visa-related inquiries to the
Dashew Center for International Students & Scholars website
for the most up-to-date information.
Learn More
International Applicants: What You Need To Know
The below considerations are for international applicants only, in addition to our
Application Requirements
.
TOEFL / IELTS
The quantity and quality of work required in the UCLA Anderson MFE program cannot be accomplished without mastery of the English language. TOEFL or IELTS scores are required for all applicants whose native language is not English. The TOEFL/IELTS is also required for students who attended a university where the medium of instruction was English but the official language of the country was not English. Either exam is accepted by the university, and UCLA Anderson has no preference for one exam over the other.
Read More
International students who hold a bachelor's degree or higher from a university located in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada or Australia, or who have completed at least two years of full-time study at such an institution, are exempt from these requirements.
To report the TOEFL score to us electronically, you must select institution code
4837
.
TOEFL and IELTS English Proficiency Examinations:
If you were educated in a foreign language or your native language is not English, you must prove your English fluency by taking either the TOEFL or IELTS test.
Although the minimum TOEFL score accepted by UCLA is 87 (7.0 for IELTS), almost all UCLA Anderson MFE admits who took the TOEFL scored higher than 100 on the TOEFL IBT, or 610 on the TOEFL paper-based test, or 7.0 overall on the IELTS.
The TOEFL is also required for candidates who attended a university where the medium of instruction was English but the official language of the country was not English. (This includes Singapore and India.)
No preference is given to either language test, and all scores will be evaluated in conjunction with GMAT/GRE verbal scores and the Analytical Writing Assessment to determine your true proficiency level.
Applications cannot be reviewed without complete test scores (as reported officially by the testing firm), and applications are reviewed only in the round during which your scores are submitted.
Official TOEFL score reports are sent electronically upon your request from ETS to UCLA Anderson MFE Admissions (
use TOEFL Destination Code 4837
). Official scores are required for admission but not for application. IELTS scores are sent by hard-copy mail upon your request.
Applicants who are submitting an IELTS score must email their Test Report Form (TRF) number to mfe.admissions@anderson.ucla.edu. The Admissions Team will then download and attach your official score report.
Work experience in English is not sufficient for a waiver of the language exam requirement since the determining factor is where the applicant was educated.
More information on the university's testing rules for all international applicants is available under the UCLA Graduate Division's English requirements.
UCLA has minimum fluency standards for graduate admissions.
An international applicant can only be excused from taking the TOEFL or IELTS if he or she:
Holds a bachelor's or higher degree from a university located in a country in which English is BOTH the spoken language and the medium of instruction (United States, U.K., Canada or Australia) OR
Has completed at least two years of full-time study at such an institution.
TOEFL
Please consult the Admissions Decision Schedule to determine the date by which you must take the TOEFL in order to be considered for a particular admission deadline. TOEFL scores that are more than two years old are not acceptable.
IELTS
IELTS is the International English Language Testing System. It measures ability to communicate in English across all four language skills (listening, reading, writing and speaking) for people who intend to study or work where English is the language of communication. The minimum overall score required for IELTS is 7.0.
Close
Begin Your Application
All applicants submit the MFE program application online through UCLA's graduate admissions portal. The application gives you the opportunity to present a clear picture of yourself and of the qualities you feel the admissions committee should be aware of when considering your application. Please supplement the form in whatever way you feel is appropriate to convey that information.
Apply Here!
Academic Records
Candidates must upload copies of their records, including transcripts and degree certificates and/or diplomas, for initial screening by our admissions committee.
Read More
Applicants who received their degree(s) from a university OUTSIDE the United States must submit all of the following:
Transcript in the native language of the country, certified as official with the school's original seal
Complete translation of the transcript into English, certified by the school itself or by a certified translator
Degree certificate or diploma copy in the native language of the country, certified as official with the school's original seal, showing the exact degree received and date awarded
Complete translation of the degree certificate into English, certified by the school itself or by a certified translator.
UCLA Anderson evaluates all international undergraduate education within the context of each country's system.
Please
do NOT try to convert your grade point average to the American 4.0 scale.
We know the grading systems and the rigorous schools in every nation, and we compare applicants in relation to others from the same region.
The minimum graduate admission requirement includes a bachelor's degree or recognized equivalent from an accredited institution. We are unable to determine whether a degree is equivalent to a U.S. bachelor's degree prior to receiving a completed application. Graduates of recognized academic institutions outside the U.S. should have completed degree programs representing a minimum of 16 years of schooling, with at least 12 years at the primary and secondary levels. Specific requirements for academic systems in different countries are described below.
UCLA Anderson and the UCLA Graduate Division will both review the academic records of all applicants whose undergraduate degrees were earned outside the U.S. to determine whether the academic credentials presented from the foreign institution are acceptable for admission to graduate student status. The MFE admissions office will notify applicants whom we intend to admit to UCLA Anderson; however, the Graduate Division reserves the right to make all final decisions on foreign academic records.
Candidates who have obtained their preparatory education at institutions outside the United States should observe the following instructions when preparing the application:
List all post-secondary educational institutions attended, including technical and professional schools, regardless of the period of attendance or whether the study was related to the field of management. Provide the full, actual names of the institutions attended and the titles of all diplomas or degrees obtained. (Applicants from countries not using the Roman alphabet should provide the names of their institutions in English.)
Close
Visa Status
Before the Dashew Center can issue a Certificate of Eligibility for the F-1 visa (Form I-20) or the J-1 visa (Form DS2019), admitted international students must complete a
Confidential Financial Statement
and provide the requested documentation (certified copies of personal bank statements, award letters, scholarships and any other resources) and upload it to the Dashew Center website after receiving instructions via email.
Read More
All international applicants needing a student visa to study in the U.S. are strongly encouraged to start gathering all necessary documentation
before
receiving the email from the Dashew Center to ensure timely visa application processing.
Close
Curricular Practical Training (CPT)
Curricular Practical Training (CPT) is a form of work authorization where F-1 students engage in an off-campus internship or employment (paid or unpaid). It is a required part of the academic curriculum and directly related to the field of study.
Optional Practical Training (OPT)
OPT is temporary employment for practical training directly related to the student's major area of study. The UCLA Anderson MFE program is qualified for STEM, which can extend an international student's OPT by 24 months, for a total of 36 months.
Information regarding OPT may be found
here
.
Post-admission
International students who have been admitted to the MFE program will receive an email notification from the Dashew Center shortly after completing the Statement of Intent to Register (SIR) and submitting the $2,000 enrollment fee, with instructions on how to request a Form I-20. The
Confidential Financial Statement
form is required as part of the upload process.
“
The UCLA MFE equipped me with solid mathematical abilities, programming skills, and hands-on experience in real-world financial projects. All of those experiences become valuable assets for me to land a desirable job.
”
— Runhong (Alex) Huang (’19)
Associate, Goldman Sachs New York, New York
I Want To...
Introduce Myself
Begin My Application
Review the Requirements