URL: https://www.anderson.ucla.edu/degrees/executive-mba/admissions/admission-policies
TITLE: Admission Policies | UCLA Anderson School of Management

Admission Policies
Admission Policies
UCLA Anderson admits students to the Executive MBA program for one intake per year in the fall quarter. Visit the Admissions page of our website or see the instructions within the online application for application dates and deadlines.
Candidates who apply and are denied in a given year may not reapply in a subsequent round during the same academic year.
Nonadmitted candidates are welcome to apply again in subsequent years as described in the Reapplicants section of this website.
Application and intend (tuition deposit) fees are nonrefundable.
No deferrals are allowed, as admission offers are valid for enrollment only in the same year. Admits who decide not to accept the offer must follow the instructions for reapplicants. Being admitted again is likely, but not guaranteed.
Admission consideration for UCLA Anderson’s three MBA programs (full-time, Fully Employed MBA, Executive MBA and Global EMBA for Asia Pacific) are entirely separate. Candidates may apply to only one program in a given academic year.
Legal Notices
All application materials become the property of UCLA and cannot be returned, regardless of the Admissions Committee’s decision. Please retain copies for your own records.
The EMBA Admissions Office reserves the right to verify that all information and documents submitted as part of your application are complete and accurate. UCLA Anderson further reserves the right to require you to provide additional information and/or authorization for the release of information about any such matter.
If you are offered admission, UCLA Anderson reserves the right to withdraw that offer if you do any of the following:
Fail to provide a final official transcript and test scores by the deadline indicated in your admissions letter
Misrepresented yourself in any way in the application process
Engage in behavior prior to matriculation that indicates a serious lack of judgment or integrity
Commit to enroll in any institution other than UCLA Anderson
Privacy Notification
The California Information Practices Act of 1977 requires that the following statement be made to individuals who are asked to supply information about themselves:
The principal purpose for requesting the information on this form is to process your application for admission to the MBA program at UCLA Anderson. University policy authorizes maintenance of this information.
Furnishing all information required on this form is mandatory (with the exception of ethnic and marital status survey information, provision of which is voluntary). Failure to provide such information will delay or may even prevent completion of the action for which the form is being filled out. Information furnished on this form may be used by various university departments for processing your application for admission and will be transmitted to the state and federal governments, if required by law.
In accordance with university policy, you have the right to review personal information maintained about you, and may contact either the office of record maintaining such information or the Information Practices Coordinator, Unisys Building, 10920 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 500, Los Angeles, CA 90024, for more information concerning your rights. The official responsible for maintaining the information contained on this form is the Manager of Admissions Operations, UCLA Anderson School of Management, 110 Westwood Plaza, Suite B201, Box 951481, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1481.
Nondiscrimination
The University of California, in accordance with applicable federal and state laws and university policy, does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, disability, age, medical condition, ancestry, marital status, citizenship, sexual orientation or status as a veteran or special disabled veteran. The university also prohibits sexual harassment. This nondiscrimination policy covers admission, access and treatment in university programs and activities.
Inquiries regarding the university’s student-related nondiscrimination policies may be directed to UCLA Campus Counsel, 3149 Murphy Hall, 405 Hilgard Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1405, (310) 825-4042. Speech- and hearing-impaired persons may call TTY (310) 206-6083. Inquiries regarding the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) or 504 Compliance may be directed to the Special Assistant to the Chancellor, A239 Murphy Hall, 405 Hilgard Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90095-1405, voice (310) 825-2242, TTY (310) 206-3349 or fax (310) 825-3688.
Students may complain to the Office of the Dean of Students, 1206 Murphy Hall, regarding any action they believe discriminates against them on the grounds of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation or disability.
Loading...
I Want To...
Watch the On-Demand Info Session
See If I'm a Fit for EMBA
Compare EMBA to Fully Employed MBA
Join an Upcoming Event
Begin My Application
Contact Us