URL: https://www.anderson.ucla.edu/degrees/executive-mba/emba-admit-central/why-emba
TITLE: Why EMBA | UCLA Anderson School of Management

Why EMBA
Lars Hoffman ('15)
– From U.S. Air Force Colonel to Senior Vice President of Global Launch Services at Rocket Lab
From Manager to Leader
Why EMBA?
In the UCLA Anderson Executive MBA program, you will learn and network with peers who inspire you. Our program’s greatest strength is the accomplished and talented executives who make up every EMBA cohort. As a part of this visionary group, you will take on critical new roles that challenge you to adopt different ways of thinking.
1. Real-World Consulting or Entrepreneurship Projects
Students bring to bear the skills and frameworks developed through the EMBA curriculum to solve a business challenge on behalf of a client organization or develop an investment-quality business plan.
Learn about our capstone thesis projects, the Strategic Management Research (SMR), Business Creation Program (BCP) and Entrepreneurship Through Acquisition (ETA).
Learn More
2. Career Growth in Real Time
EMBAs enjoy a newfound ability to advance. You will gain wisdom and leadership ability that you can apply immediately at work, while aiming squarely for the position you want.
Brandon Koretz (’13) (Left) was promoted four times at UCLA Health while enrolled in EMBA.
3. You'll Learn Globally
With the International Business Residential, Global Immersion and International Exchange programs, EMBA will give you a one-of-a-kind international experience offered nowhere else.
Argentina/Uruguay     -
Peru     -     South Africa     -
Israel     -
Brazil     -
Japan
Spain    -
Colombia    -
Thailand    -
Vietnam    -
India    -
UAE    -
Germany
China    -
France    -
Sweden/Finland    -
South Korea    -
Hong Kong
Learn More
4. We Support Entrepreneurs
Not just the people who start businesses, but the entrepreneurial spirit.
We have a history of world-class entrepreneurs, from Larry Fink (’76) of BlackRock to Alison Pincus (’02) and Susan Feldman (’83) of One Kings Lane to Guy Kawasaki (’79) of Garage Technology Ventures and Google. We opened our own UCLA Anderson Venture Accelator to support future entrepreneurs and our students. For your capstone project under the Business Creation Option your team, along with an advisor from the entrepreneurship faculty, will spend six months transforming your idea from a business plan to a functional startup organization.
Anderson Venture Accelerator
5. You’ll Build and Engage Your Leadership Skills
Form your leadership foundation with 40+ hours of leadership curriculum designed to help you recognize your unique ability to think critically and hold command of the situations you will encounter.
Learn More
6. A Faculty of Caring Experts
Each year, our faculty members publish papers in leading scholarly journals, receive recognition for research excellence, provide leadership in and beyond UCLA, and serve as inspirational teachers and mentors. Our graduates cite their teachers and advisors as major influences on their success. Our faculty are known experts on all facets of business and provide our students with sage insight that sticks with them throughout their careers. Read their work below.
UCLA ANDERSON REVIEW
7. We Bring You World-Renowned Leaders
Executives at the top of their organizations have come here to speak and meet with our students.
Tune in and watch our previous leadership speakers here
.