URL: https://www.anderson.ucla.edu/undergraduate-education/undergraduate-minor-in-entrepreneurship
TITLE: Undergraduate Minor in Entrepreneurship | UCLA Anderson School of Management

Undergraduate Minor in Entrepreneurship
Minor in Entrepreneurship
The Entrepreneurship minor introduces undergraduate students to the field of entrepreneurship. A key element of entrepreneurship is the concept of opportunity recognition where individuals or teams pursue business concepts without regard to immediate access to resources utilizing lean start-up principles. In support of the minor, faculty members from applied fields in the professional schools and industry collaborate with faculty from academic disciplines across the campus to provide a critical framework for questioning and connecting topics related to entrepreneurship.
Through a carefully developed core curriculum, and an integrative capstone experience, students in the minor obtain both breadth and depth in their understanding of the concepts, frameworks and practical implications of entrepreneurship.
Adam Dahl ’17 went straight from UCLA student to ice cream entrepreneur when he opened Dahlicious Creamery in Torrance, California.
Dahl says his minor in entrepreneurship helped him gain the skills and knowledge needed for his business venture. While he studied by day, Dahl worked at night on his shop, doing much of the construction himself.
Read full story.
“In my opinion, the minor in entrepreneurship is the best undergraduate business education you can get at UCLA. You are learning directly from serial entrepreneurs with exits under their belt, CFOs who have secured numerous rounds of venture financing and UCLA Anderson professors who have built careers in technology, real estate, social entrepreneurship — you name it. With access to this incredible faculty, you gain insight to what it is really like to start a business — the good, the bad and the ugly. This deep knowledge of how companies operate is invaluable no matter what field you enter, and you may even find yourself inspired to start your own business. That is what happened to me. I feel very fortunate for the path on which this minor has sent me.”
—
Riley Kuffner
, 2019, B.S., Chemistry and Materials Science
Co-Founder and Chief Operating Officer, Miravel
Los Angeles, CA
“The entrepreneurship minor at UCLA Anderson had a profound impact on me and my career trajectory. I will never forget those late nights in the library brainstorming startup ideas and building pitch decks with classmates who became friends — all leading up to presentations in front of UCLA alumni and business leaders. The coursework is uniquely challenging and sparked my interest in corporate law as we explored company formation, business strategy, legal considerations and exit strategies — foundational knowledge that served me in law school and beyond. My advice is to put yourself out there. Attend networking events, try new things, join organizations and competitions, and fail as much as possible. Those are the moments when the real growth and learning happens.”
—
Sabrina Elliott
, 2021, B.A.,
summa cum laude
, Gender Studies; 2023, J.D., Georgetown University Law Center
Associate, Skadden Arps
New York City, NY
“My career started with the entrepreneurship minor and would not be the same had I done something different. I was given opportunities to connect with industry leaders, which led to my first job and current role. My advice: always be learning, work at a startup and say yes to new opportunities, even if they are outside your wheelhouse.”
—
Dominic Dewalt
, 2021, B.A., Communications
Business Strategy and Operations Lead, Mermaid Chart
San Francisco, CA
“UCLA’s undergraduate minor in entrepreneurship gave me the tools, early frameworks, and language to understand what it means (and takes!) to be an entrepreneur. The ability to turn an idea into a business venture is not a character trait with which you are born, but rather a skill you can develop over time. We are super fortunate to have classes at UCLA dedicated to teaching that mindset and skill.”
—
Yen Tan
, 2020, B.A.,
summa cum laude
, English
Evangelist, Expansion and Manager, Products, 15Five;
Co-Founder, Kona (acquired by 15Five)
Los Angeles, CA
Careers Post-Graduation
Companies include: Sharingbox, Wag, Deloitte Consulting, BCG Digital Ventures, L.E.K. Consulting, Agronomi, UCLA Anderson, Swifte, NantStudio, Women Entrepreneurs NYC, Visa, Ticketmaster, Advertise Purple, CITIC Securities, Amgen, Oracle, TrueAccord, CJ Affiliate, Anderson, Kings River Conservation District, Propper Daley, Triage Consulting Group, Bird, Zozu Project, RAND Corporation, Obsess, AuditBoard, Atkins Group, Sony, Goldman Sachs, DOER Society, String, BTC Labs, UCLA Health, FanKey, Quorum
Learn More...
Minor Requirements
UCLA Entrepreneurship Overview