URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/executive-professional-admissions
TITLE: Executive & Professional Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Executive and Professional Admissions
Advance your career with an executive education at Seattle University. Our life-changing programs in a global tech hub prepare you to be a principled leader and make an enduring impact.
Admissions & Aid
Executive & Professional Admissions
Leadership Programs for Executives and Professionals
With long-running connections with Seattle’s most prominent industries and top leaders our high-value programs are built for high-level professionals. Learn from the best—and with the best—in every course.
Graduate fully prepared with the kind of integrity, authenticity and purpose it takes to lead in top organizations in today’s globally competitive environment.
Graduate Viewbook
Check out our graduate viewbook for more.
Graduate Viewbook
Explore Executive Leadership Programs
No matter what industry you’re in, you can find a leadership program that helps you take your career to the next level:
Leadership Executive MBA (LEMBA)
Nonprofit Leadership (MNPL)
Arts Leadership (MFA)
Executive Leadership Certificate
Educational and Organizational Learning and Leadership, Ed.D. (EOLL)
Skill Development for Professionals
If a degree-earning graduate program isn’t what you’re looking for, we have several certificate and continuing education programs to help you advance or pivot your career.
Certificate Programs and More
Learn More About Our Colleges and Schools
Visit our schools and colleges to find out more about different departments and learning opportunities.
Schools and Colleges
Dive into Professional and Personal Interests through Innovative Curriculum
Develop professional skills or explore your interests by enrolling in courses without committing to a full degree.
Learn About Non-Matriculated Admissions
Making Connections, Developing Skills
Whether you’re in a full-time or part-time program, in person or online, you’ll find opportunities to engage with peers and colleagues and advance your professional network.
Explore Graduate Student Life
In Seattle and Beyond
Highly Respected Programs
#4
RANKED LEMBA IN THE WESTERN UNITED STATES
Elevate your career with a top ranked leadership executive graduate program.
Top 16% WALL STREET JOURNAL/TIMES HIGHER EDUCATION
The Wall Street Journal ranked Seattle University in the top 16% of all universities.
TOP 30 GRADUATE PROGRAMS BY U.S. NEWS & WORLD REPORT
Experience how Seattle University helps you take your career to the next level.
How to Apply: Begin Today
1. Begin Online Application
Create an account and begin the application.
Begin the Application
Start your non-matriculated application
2. Review Admissions Requirements
Each program has admissions requirements, which can be found on the program’s page.
General Requirements
3. Explore the Application Checklist
Review required application materials on the program page.
Explore the Checklist
4. Submit Your Application
You can submit your application through your applicant page.
5. Check Your Status and Stay in Touch
After you’ve completed your application you will receive updates when an admissions decision has been made. If you have any questions, you may reach out to your admissions counselor.
Upcoming Admissions Events
All Events
Browse Information Sessions
Featured Event
Application Deadlines
Follow your program’s deadlines to keep your application on track and on time.
Program Deadlines
Visit Seattle University
Come check out our beautiful 55-acre campus between the eclectic Capitol Hill and First Hill neighborhoods. Take a personalized campus tour, attend an event or register for an online information session.
Learn More
Connect with Your Admissions Counselor
Your admissions counselor is here to help you every step of the way. We encourage you to reach out to your admissions counselor if you have any questions about Seattle University or the admissions process.
Find Your Counselor
What Our
Graduates Say
Dayna Eden, ’16 Leadership Executive MBA
“We weren’t just being taught how to write a pro forma or how to do statistical regression; we learned how to be better human beings through our leadership. This program changed my life, truly. It made me a better person and a better professional.”
Chief People Officer, Aviation Technical Services
Contact Us
Questions? The admissions office is ready to hear from you. Contact us and we’ll be happy to assist you in any way during this process.
Office of Graduate Admissions
grad-admissions@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8010