URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/international-admissions/international-graduate
TITLE: International Graduate | International Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

International Graduate Admissions
Begin your life-changing education in Seattle, a global hub of innovation, with a diverse community and an enduring impact on the world.
Admissions & Aid
International Admissions
International Graduate
Pursue Your Master's or Doctorate in Our Top-Ranked Programs
For a seamless application experience, we've laid out basic requirements for admission, clear steps to help you navigate the admissions process, and key dates and deadlines to ensure your application stays on course.
See Your Admissions Requirements
Transcripts and Degree Certificates
We will assume responsibility for an evaluation of required academic records for applications for completed coursework outside of the United States. The evaluation is not an English translation of the academic records, but a separate document determining if the degree received outside the U.S. is equivalent to a U.S. degree, and a GPA is calculated.
An official original set of transcripts, degree certificates and/or graduation certificates must be submitted to Seattle University upon admission. Documents are considered official only when they arrive in the original envelope from the issuing institution or sent electronically via a secured institution to institution system.
Mailing Address for Transcripts & Materials
Seattle University
Office of Graduate Admission
901 12th Avenue
P.O. Box 222000
Seattle, WA 98122-1090
Applicants Seeking an F-1 Student Visa
Applicants seeking an F-1 student visa must also submit the
2026-27 International Student Declaration of Finances
form.
Proof of English Proficiency for Graduate Students
Applicants for whom English is a non-native language must demonstrate English proficiency regardless of English language studies, academic history, residence in the United States or an English-speaking country or immigration status. Seattle University maintains the right to require English proficiency testing when deemed necessary.
Exam Options
You can meet the English proficiency requirement with the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL), the International English Language Testing System (IELTS – Academic Test only), the Pearson Test of English (PTE) or Duolingo Score.
The chart below outlines the English proficiency requirements for general admission as well as admission to the
English Language and Culture Bridge
(ELCB) courses. We show both General Admission and ELCB score thresholds below. (Note that some graduate programs are not able to accommodate ELCB students in the curriculum as designed, so admitted students would need to complete ELCB prior to starting their graduate studies.)
Minimum English proficiency test scores required for graduate admission and the ELCB program.
Exam
Notes
Graduate, General Admission
Graduate, ELCB Program
TOEFL iBT (Internet-based Test)
New scoring (from January 21, 2026)
SU Code: 4695
4.5
4.0
TOEFL iBT (Internet-based Test)
Old scoring (prior to January 21, 2026)
SU Code: 4695
86
68 to 85
IELTS
Academic test only
6.5
6.0
Pearson Test of English
58
48 to 57
Duolingo
120
105 to 115
Alternate Ways to Meet the English Proficiency Requirement
Applicants who received a baccalaureate degree
or higher from Seattle University or a recognized college or university in the United States or the countries listed below will not be required to submit English proficiency test scores.
Anguilla
Antiqua and Barbuda
Australia
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
British Virgin Islands
Canada (English-speaking)
Cayman Islands
Dominica
Ghana
Grenada
Guyana
Ireland
Jamaica
Kenya
Liberia
Montserrat
New Zealand
Nigeria
Sierra Leone
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
The Gambia
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos
United Kingdom (England, Northern Ireland, Scotland, Wales)
U.S. Virgin Islands
Zimbabwe
Medium of Instruction
in English: Students earning a degree in a country other than those listed above may provide official documentation from the degree-granting institution
verifying that all instruction was in English
. A minimum of three years of full-time undergraduate study or two years of full-time graduate study at the university is required.
Applicants who complete
ELS Level 112
with a 3.0 GPA.
English Language and Culture Bridge Program (ELCB)
The courses offered in the English Language and Culture Bridge (ELCB) are highly advanced, with a specific focus on university-level reading, writing, listening, and speaking skills. In addition, the coursework concentrates on the American academic culture and the specific preparation for requirements at Seattle University. For more information, consult the
English Language Learning Center
website or email
ellc@seattleu.edu
.
Students with English proficiency scores in the ELCB range (see chart above) will take Diagnostic Tests in each ELCB course on the first day of classes at Seattle University. Some students may have their ELCB requirement waived based upon the results of the Diagnostic Tests.
Application Process for Your Master’s Degree or Doctorate Degree
Step 1: Start the Process
Begin Application
We use an online application during our admissions process. Some graduate programs may require essays, resumes and recommendations as part of the online application—others may not.
Please consult your program page for more information on what to prepare for your online application.
Find your program
.
Create your account and start your online application:
Degree-seeking students:
Graduate Application
Non-degree seeking students:
Non-matriculated Graduate Application
School of Law: Please see the
Law School Admissions
process for more details.
Application Guide
Learn how to apply to graduate programs at Seattle University through this guide.
See Graduate Application Guide
Step 2: Review Application Requirements
See Application Checklist
Explore what you need to include in your graduate application.
Please note that applicants to the Seattle University School of Law have a different set of admissions requirements. Please see Law School Admissions for more details.
The following should be sent directly to Graduate Admissions:
Completed application for Graduate Admission:
Apply Now.
Transcripts:
Official or unofficial copies of transcripts, degree certificates and exam score reports for every school attended as well as any post-baccalaureate credits. You may upload the unofficial transcript(s) for your institution(s) within the Academic History tab of the application. You may also upload the transcript(s) following the submission of your application via your Status Page. Upon an offer of admission, you will be required to submit official copies of provisional documents within your first quarter of enrollment. Exceptions to the policy are noted with the degree requirements.
Test Scores:
Students who have earned degrees from institutions issuing non-graded transcripts or a three-year degree must submit ofﬁcial results from GRE (Code 4695) or GMAT (Code 5613). An admission test is optional for all other programs so the applicant determines if test scores will strengthen the competitiveness of their application. Test scores must be sent directly from the testing agency. Some programs will require that specific documents be sent directly to the department.
Program-Specific Requirements:
All other documents required by your program of interest. Please consult the program page for your program of interest for more specific application requirements.
A dated
2025-2026 International Student Declaration of Finances
signed by your sponsor and verified by the bank of deposit.
Proof of English proficiency
Students with government sponsorship should submit embassy letters confirming the sponsorship.
Mailing Address
Unless otherwise noted by the program you’re applying to, all application materials not submitted through the online application should be sent to the following address:
Office of Graduate Admissions
Seattle University
901 12th Avenue
P.O. Box 222000
Seattle, WA 98122-1090
grad-application@seattleu.edu
Admissions Deadlines
All application materials should be received by speciﬁc program application priority deadlines to receive full consideration. Late applicants will be reviewed on a space available basis.
Priority Deadlines
Step 3: Finish Your Application
Submit Application
When your online application is complete, you can officially apply to Seattle University! You may submit the application before documents from outside sources are submitted, for example, recommendations, official exam scores, official transcripts etc.
Step 4: Check Your Application Status
See Where Your Application is in the Review Process
Congratulations! You’ve applied to Seattle University, and we are carefully reviewing your application. You can check your application status by logging into the student application portal.
We consider your application complete and ready for review when we receive all required documents.
We’ll reach out if we need more information.
Find Your Application Deadlines
In order to allow for application processing, overseas mailings and visa processing, international applicants living overseas should submit an application six months prior to the quarter they wish to enroll or the program deadline, whichever is earlier.
While you may submit applications after the deadlines, those who submit complete applications by the following dates will receive priority consideration.
If applications are submitted with insufficient time for processing and enrollment for the requested term, you may be asked to update your application to a later term.
Fall Quarter (September):
July 25
Winter Quarter (January):
September 1
Spring Quarter (March):
February 1
Summer Quarter (June):
February 15
Seattle University STEM-Approved Programs
Seattle University offers several programs approved by the United States Department of Homeland Security (DHS) that fall within the definition of STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math).
If you are an F-1 nonimmigrant student who has completed 12 months of post-completion Optional Practical Training, receiving a degree in a DHS-approved STEM program means you are eligible for a 24-month OPT extension. To learn more, please speak to a Seattle University international admissions counselor.
Graduate STEM-Approved Programs:
Accounting & Analytics, MS
Business Analytics, MS
Computer Science, MS
Data Science, MS
Finance, MS
Kinesiology, MS
Master of Professional Accounting
19%
OF SU GRADUATE STUDENTS ARE INTERNATIONAL
Join a community of graduate students who share the international student experience.
99%
OF GRADUATE STUDENTS FIND OPT EMPLOYMENT
Meet the requirements for Optional Practical Training employment with ease.
Get in Touch
We’re here to help.
International Graduate Admissions
Phone:
1-206-220-8010
Toll-free:
1-800-426-7123
Email:
grad-international@seattleu.edu