URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/financial-aid--scholarships/scholarships--grants/undergraduate/seattle-u-bound
TITLE: Seattle U Bound | Undergraduate | Scholarships & Grants | Financial Aid & Scholarships | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Seattle U Bound
Seattle University's full-need scholarship program for Washington College Bound students covers 100% of demonstrated financial need for four years.
Admissions & Aid
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Scholarships & Grants
Undergraduate
Seattle U Bound
Four-Year Full-Need Scholarship for First-Years
Seattle University incoming first-year students enrolled in Washington's College Bound Program may be considered to receive financial aid to cover their full, demonstrated financial need for four years. To meet full, demonstrated need Seattle University commits to offering financial aid that will cover the difference between a student's Student Aid Index (SAI)* from the
FAFSA
and the total
Cost of Attendance
(COA). The financial aid will be in different forms and from a variety of sources. For example, the financial aid will be a mix of grants/scholarships, work-study, and low-interest loans from federal, state, and Seattle University sources — combined with the College Bound scholarship.
Seattle University Bound Eligibility
To be considered for the program, incoming first-year students must fulfill the following:
Be enrolled full-time and eligible for the
Washington State College Bound Scholarship
Earn at least a 3.5 cumulative unweighted high school GPA
Apply for Fall Quarter as an incoming first-year student
to Seattle University by January 15 (the Regular Decision deadline)
File the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
by February 1 of your senior year in high school (must be eligible for federal aid)
Maintain College Bound eligibility and
satisfactory academic progress
while enrolled at Seattle University and complete the yearly FAFSA filing requirement
Seattle University is committed to supporting the success of its students. Visit
Student Success
to learn more about services and resources dedicated to students.
For questions about the Seattle University Bound Program, call or email the Admissions Office at 206-220-8040, admissions@seattleu.edu, or contact your
Admissions Counselor
. Seattle University can be found on the Common Application.
*Per federal regulations, a negative SAI is considered zero (0) for purposes of calculating financial need.