URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/financial-aid--scholarships/scholarships--grants/undergraduate/sullivan-scholars
TITLE: Sullivan Scholars | Undergraduate | Scholarships & Grants | Financial Aid & Scholarships | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Sullivan Scholarship
Learn more about the Sullivan Scholarship.
Admissions & Aid
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Scholarships & Grants
Undergraduate
Sullivan Scholars
Academic Excellence, Mentorship and the Drive to Make a Difference
The Sullivan Scholarship, with its rich history spanning over 35 years, is entering a new phase of its journey. Building on the strong foundation of the Sullivan pillars, we are revising the program to focus on nurturing our top scholars. Each year,
Seattle University will award two students attending Jesuit or Catholic high schools this prestigious award
.
Sullivan Scholars will be prepared to compete for prestigious postgraduate fellowships such as the Watson, Fulbright, Rhodes, and others. Our aim is to create an environment that not only fosters academic excellence but also cultivates a sense of community and mentorship. We strive to uphold the tradition of the Sullivan Scholarship Program while paving the way for future leaders and innovators.
Learn more about Applying to the Program
What is the Sullivan Scholarship?
The Sullivan Scholarship is a full tuition, housing and food, and fees scholarship for four years at Seattle University, open to two students currently attending Jesuit or Catholic high schools each year.
To Be Considered
Competitive applicants will:
Attend a Jesuit or Catholic high school in the US or abroad
Submit a Common Application to Seattle University by January 15
Have shown a commitment to academic excellence demonstrated by a rigorous class schedule and typically have an unweighted, cumulative GPA of 3.7 or higher
Have demonstrated leadership and commitment to service, global engagement, and their community
Eligible students will be invited to apply via email and within their Redhawk Admissions Portal.
The scholarship is open to both domestic and international students. To learn more, visit the
Sullivan Application page
.
Program Structure
The program is structured to provide a cohort experience with a strong emphasis on mentorship and collaboration. Scholars are given the opportunity to work collaboratively on projects, fostering a sense of teamwork and mutual growth.
Years One and Two
Sullivan Scholars are granted automatic admission to the University Honors Program and the Matteo Ricci Institute (for most programs). This arrangement provides an organic connection and exclusive funnel for Sullivan scholars into these prestigious programs.
Years Three and Four
In the subsequent years, the program becomes the home base for the scholars, providing them with a focused and specialized academic environment.
More than a scholarship - Sullivan Scholars Values
Sullivan Pillars
At the heart of the Sullivan Scholars Program are the values of
leadership
,
service
,
community
, and
global engagement
. These pillars define what it means to be a Sullivan Scholar - working not only to excel academically, but also to make a positive impact on the world. Sullivan Scholars have opportunities to lead, serve others, and engage with both local and global issues, preparing students to become compassionate and driven leaders ready to make a difference.