URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/financial-aid--scholarships
TITLE: Financial Aid & Scholarships | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Financial Aid and Scholarships
Grounded in the Jesuit tradition of inclusion, diversity, equity and justice, we strive to make a Seattle University education attainable.
Admissions & Aid
Financial Aid & Scholarships
The 2026-27 FAFSA and WASFA are AVAILABLE NOW!
Admitted Students: Apply by Dec 1 for Early Action or Feb 1 for Regular Decision.
Current Students: Apply by Feb 1
SU school code: 003790
We're still accepting 25-26 FAFSA/WASFA forms!
Stable and Generous Support for Your Success
We know that a high-quality education is a big investment, and we're committed to investing in you - not just for one year, either. The institutional gift aid that we include in your financial aid package is guaranteed for the years you're eligible. It's financial support you can plan on.
For Your Education
Generous Financial Support
100%
OF FIRST-YEAR STUDENTS RECEIVED AID (2025-26)
From merit scholarships to award packages, Seattle University supports your success.
75%
OF GRADUATE STUDENTS RECEIVE FINANCIAL AID
You have financial support available as you make an investment in your career.
$51K
AVERAGE FINANCIAL AWARD FOR FIRST-YEAR STUDENTS
The average financial aid award package offers a lot of financial support each year.
Types of Financial Aid: Help for Your Education
Scholarships, Grants and Fellowships: Money that is not Paid Back
Scholarships, grants and fellowships are gift aid that you do not need to repay. Some are based on financial need. Some are based on other criteria. They come from a variety of sources, including generous donors, federal and state funding.
Scholarships & Grants for Undergraduates
Scholarships & Grants for Graduates
Fellowships
Loans: Money that is Paid Back
Student loans are a type of funding that must be repaid. Some student loans are interest-free while you are in school and low interest during the repayment period. In general, the federal loan interest rates and repayment options are better than private student loans from non-federal government organizations.
Loans
Student Employment and Work Study: Money That Is Earned
Work Study aid is a work-to-earn type of award where students work and earn paychecks. To work on campus, students may be hired with or without a work study award.
Students who are eligible for State Work Study may work on or off campus with State Work Study employers. Seattle-area employers are eager to participate in the State Work Study program and to hire Seattle University students, so many opportunities exist.
Student Employment
Have You Filled Out Your FAFSA or WASFA?
The
FAFSA
should be completed by U.S citizens,
eligible non-citizens
with a valid social security number, or students from the Republic of the Marshall Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, or the Republic of Palau.
The
WASFA
is the application for undocumented students, those who are not eligible to file the FAFSA, or those who do not wish to file a FAFSA.
School Code:
003790
Seattle U's Priority Deadlines:
Early Action - December 1st
Regular Decision - February 1st
*SFS continues to process FAFSA and WASFA after these dates.
Supporting Offices
Student Financial Services
Go to the previous slide.
Go to the next slide.
Get in Touch
We’re here to help. For questions or more information about financial aid contact:
Student Financial Services
Vi Hilbert Hall, 2nd floor
Monday–Friday 9:30am–4:00pm
Drop-in Counselors available 10:00am–3:00pm
financialservices@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8020