URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/undergraduate-admissions/first-year-admissions/accelerated-bachelor-jd
TITLE: Accelerated Bachelor JD 3+3 | First-Year Admissions | Undergraduate Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Accelerated Bachelor/JD 3+3 Pathway
Save a year on your path to obtain a JD degree with Seattle University’s 3+3 Pathway: Spend three years getting an undergraduate degree and then three years in SU Law School.
Admissions & Aid
Undergraduate Admissions
First-Year Admissions
Accelerated Bachelor JD 3+3
If you’re one of the thousands of undergraduates who know they want to attend law school, consider Seattle University’s 3+3 pathway. This course of study allows you to attend one of over a dozen undergraduate degrees for three years and then apply for admission to our School of Law. If accepted, you attend three years of law school and graduate with your JD and bachelor’s degree in six total years.
Ready to Apply?
Apply to the 3+3 Pathway and take your first step towards the prerequisites for law school.
Apply Now
Applicable Majors
List of Qualified 3+3 Majors
Anthropology & Sociology, BA
Art & Visual Culture Studies, BA
Asian Studies, BA
Biology, BA
Business & Law, BABA
Chemical Sciences, BS
Communications & Media, BA
Computer Science, BA
Criminal Justice & Criminology, BA
Economics, BA
English, BA and English & Creative Writing, BA
Film & Media, BA
French, BA
History, BA
Interdisciplinary Arts, Visual Art, BA
International Studies, BA
Mathematics, BA
Philosophy, BA
Political Science, BA
Psychology, BA and BS
Public Affairs, BA
Spanish, BA
Theatre, BA
Theology & Religious Studies, BA
Women, Gender & Sexuality Studies, BA
The Journey Through SU’s Accelerated Bachelor/JD 3+3 Pathway
Before Starting
Get admitted to a 3+3 pathway when you apply to SU or before you complete 90 credits of undergraduate coursework.
Year 1 & 2: 0-90 credits
Meet regularly with your advisor to ensure UCOR and major requirements are on track. Participate in 3+3 course of study.
Prepare for LSAT or GRE General Test
Plan to take your LSAT or GRE in the summer after your second year or early fall of your third year. We recommend a June, August or September LSAT test date to make the application process easier.
Year 3: 90-135 quarter credits
Be sure to apply to the SU School of Law by the December deadline. Continue participating in the 3+3 course of study and be sure to meet with your advisor to ensure UCOR and major requirements are on track. To continue with the 3+3 pathway, you must be admitted to the School of Law.
Year 4 (and 1L): 0-30 semester credits
Begin your law school studies. Your bachelor’s degree is conferred when first year of study at School of Law is completed. Consider participating in your undergraduate commencement to celebrate your success.
Year 5 & 6 (and 2L & 3L): 30-90 semester credits
Your JD degree is conferred when 90 law semester credits and other graduation requirements are met. Walk with your fellow law school graduates and celebrate graduating in six years with your bachelor and JD degree.
3+3 Pathway FAQ
Can I apply to the 3+3 pathway when I apply to Seattle University?
Yes, if you are a first-year student, you can apply to be accepted to the 3+3 pathway when you submit your Common Application.
Can I apply to the 3+3 pathway any time while I’m a student at Seattle University?
You can apply to the 3+3 pathway any time before you’ve completed 90 credits of your undergraduate degree. However, it’s best to apply to the 3+3 pathway as soon as possible, so your undergraduate advisor can make sure your UCOR and major credits are on track.
Can I apply to the 3+3 pathway as a transfer student to Seattle University?
Yes, transfer students can apply to the 3+3 pathway. However, depending on the number and type of credits transferring to Seattle University, the 3+3 program may not fit within your intended program of study. Discuss with an admissions advisor to see if this pathway can be part of your academic journey.
Does Seattle University guarantee acceptance to the School of Law to 3+3 students?
Seattle University School of Law prioritizes your admission if you meet LSAT, GPA and character and fitness standards.
To receive priority admission, you must meet or exceed the median LSAT score (or equivalent GRE percentile) and the median cumulative undergraduate GPA of the previous entering JD class.
The
2025 Seattle University JD class
had a median cumulative GPA of 3.60 and a median LSAT score of 159.
In addition to academic standards, you must also meet character and fitness standards. Issues that raise concern include, but aren’t limited to, any student conduct concerns, academic integrity violations, and criminal or civil violations.
What happens if I don’t get accepted to SU’s School of Law?
Students who don’t get accepted to the School of Law will have to continue their undergraduate studies and complete 180 credits to graduate with their undergraduate.
But don’t despair! We encourage those students who were not accepted to law school to talk with the Seattle University Law Admissions Office for advice on improving their application materials. They can reapply during next year’s law school admission cycle.
What tuition and fees should I expect during the 3+3 pathway?
For the first three years of the pathway, you pay
undergraduate tuition fees
. When you begin taking classes at the law school in year four,
law school tuition rates
will apply.
How do my scholarships apply to the 3+3 pathway?
Undergraduate scholarships can only apply to undergraduate tuition and fees. After you are accepted into the School of Law, you will be evaluated for scholarship and financial aid eligibility as part of the application process. Undergraduate scholarships cannot apply to law school fees.
Who should I contact if I have additional questions about the 3+3 pathway?
Please contact
Undergraduate Admissions
for general admissions questions or undergraduate major requirements. If you have specific questions regarding the law school portion of the 3+3 pathway, we invite you to contact Kelli Rodriguez, Assistant Dean for Academic Affairs by
email
or at 206-398-4277.