URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/international-admissions
TITLE: International Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

International Admissions
Highly ranked programs in a world-class city.
Admissions & Aid
International Admissions
World-Class Education in a Global City
With nationally recognized programs and strong industry connections, Seattle University prepares you for a successful career in high-demand fields. Companies such as Microsoft, Amazon, Boeing and Zillow employ students and graduates of Seattle University through jobs, internships and practicums.
Life-changing, World-changing
Check out our impressive student outcomes and what makes our mission and values unique.
The Seattle U Impact
Make Your Dreams Come True
at Seattle University
#2
BEST METRO LOCATION FOR STEM PROFESSIONALS
Set yourself up for success in the top city for STEM professionals (WalletHub 2024).
12
FORTUNE 500 COMPANIES IN THE PUGET SOUND AREA
Find meaningful opportunities in thriving global companies based in Seattle.
78
COUNTRIES ARE REPRESENTED ON THE SU CAMPUS
Experience an international and inclusive campus environment in the heart of Seattle.
How to Apply
Explore how to apply for a bachelor’s, master’s or doctoral degree. See the steps from reviewing admissions requirements to submitting your application. Plus, learn more about admissions deadlines and timelines.
International Undergraduate Applicants
International Graduate Applicants
Questions?
Find answers to frequently asked questions.
FAQs
Explore Academic Programs
Undergraduate Majors
With over 60 undergraduate degree programs in high-demand areas, we have the academic programs that set you up for success.
Search Undergraduate Programs
Full-Time & Part-Time Graduate Programs
With 28 accredited graduate degree programs—MBA, JD, MSCS, MFA, DNP and more—Seattle University offers a highly respected education to further your career goals.
Search Graduate Programs
Visit & Tour
Visiting in person is one of the best ways to get a feel for Seattle University. Come check out our beautiful 55-acre campus in the vibrant Capitol Hill Neighborhood. You can also get a sneak peek of all there is to discover and explore through a virtual campus tour.
Virtual Tour
Visit & Tour
Connect with Your Admissions Counselor
At Seattle University, we want the personalized education you experience to begin in the admissions process. Our counselors can help you with the international admissions process and answer questions related to your application.
Lucymar Carbajal
Senior Assistant Director of International Recruitment
206-296-2113
international@seattleu.edu
Lisa Hirayama
Senior Assistant Director for International Admissions, Undergraduate Admissions
206-220-8040
international@seattleu.edu
What Our
Students Say
—Chen “Ben” Chung Wang, MBA/MSBA
“I have initiated conversations with professors and already have critical insights, feedback and aid in developing my business ideas. The campus of SU is a great spot for anyone to explore a new world and feel the pulse of a vibrant city.”
Get in Touch
We’re here to help.
International Undergraduate Admissions
Phone:
1-206-220-8040
Toll-free:
1-800-426-7123
Email:
international@seattleu.edu
International Graduate Admissions
Phone:
1-206-220-8010
Toll-free:
1-800-426-7123
Email:
grad-international@seattleu.edu