URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/visit-tour/undergraduate-visits-and-tours/first-year-admissions-events
TITLE: First-Year Admissions Events | Undergraduate Visits and Tours | Visit & Tour | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

First-Year Admissions Events
Events to help you explore Seattle University.
Admissions & Aid
Visit & Tour
Undergraduate Visits and Tours
First-Year Admissions Events
The Undergraduate Admissions Office offers a number of admissions events throughout the year to help you learn more about Seattle University and navigate the admissions process. We hope to see you at one!
Find more
events for undergraduate transfer students
.
Admitted Student Days
Admitted Student Days offer admitted students an opportunity to meet with deans, faculty, representatives from student services departments, financial aid counselors, and members of student organizations. Workshops will be offered
throughout the day—
Majors and Lab/Facility Tours, Living on Campus and Housing Tours, Career Engagement, Academic Advising, Education Abroad, Core Curriculum, Community Engagement and more.
The event will feature tours of the First Hill and Cornish College of the Arts South Lake Union campuses, residence halls, classrooms and state-of-the-art laboratories.
Select the date that works best for you:
Saturday, February 21, 2026 (available for Early Action applicants)
Sunday, April 12, 2026
Saturday, April 18, 2026
Curious to know what Admitted Student Day is all about? See an example of the Admitted Student Day schedule below.
RSVP for Admitted Student Days
Admitted students can RSVP via the
Admitted Student Events portal
, or via their
Redhawk Admissions Portal
(login required).
RSVP for Admitted Student Days
Schedule
8:15 am - 3:00pm  |  Seattle University Campus
Admitted Student Day Schedule 2025
Key events and sessions will take place throughout the day. You won't want to miss this event! Highlights include:
Enjoy a Taste of Seattle via complimentary breakfast and lunch
Academic Sessions: hear from faculty, current students and staff in your major
Workshop Sessions: learn about topics like Student Financial Services, community and residential life, mental and physical health resources, and ways students find belonging as Redhawks
Parent and Family Reception: meet other prospective Redhawk family members
Student-only Panel: hear from current students about their experience learning and living in the heart of Seattle
Tour campus, labs, classrooms, the Fitness Center, and more
Connect with your Admissions Counselor - we can't wait to see you!
Meet one-on-one with Student Financial services to address your financial aid needs
Most importantly: connect with fellow future Redhawks!
Admitted Experience Redhawk Fridays
Admitted Experience Redhawk Fridays
invite you to step into life at Seattle University and see what being a Redhawk is all about. Spend the day on campus attending a class, exploring academic facilities, and connecting with campus resources who will guide you through what’s next: from orientation to housing and beyond. Admissions and Student Financial Services staff will be on hand to answer your questions.
Each Friday will highlight an academic college area and offer an in-depth experience:
Friday, April 10, 2026
College of Arts and Sciences
Cornish College of the Arts at Seattle University
Friday, April 17, 2026
College of Science and Engineering
College of Nursing and Health Sciences
Friday, April 24, 2026
Albers School of Business and Economics
All majors also welcome!
Unsure of the college your admitted major is in? Reference here:
Find your College
RSVP for Admitted Redhawk Experience Fridays
Admitted students can RSVP via the
Admitted Student Events portal
, or via their
Redhawk Admissions Portal
(login required).
RSVP for Admitted Redhawk Experience Fridays
College Fairs and More
Explore other events where you can learn more about Seattle University.
PNACAC Spring College Fair
The Pacific Northwest Association for College Admission Counseling (PNACAC) invites you to plan your future. Students, parents, and counselors are welcome to attend the Spring College Fair in Seattle. More than 100 colleges from across the country are usually represented!
PNACAC Spring College Fair
Pacific Northwest Jesuit Excellence Tour
Seattle-area prospective applicants considering pursuing their undergraduate degrees at a Jesuit institution are encouraged to stop by the Jesuit Excellence Tour, a college fair that allows admissions staff from Jesuit colleges and universities to answer your questions regarding their institutions and the application process. Representatives from 15 Jesuit colleges and universities will be present.
Pacific Northwest Jesuit Excellence Tour
Get in Touch
We’re here to help. For questions about Admission Events, contact:
Admissions Office
admissionsevents@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8040