URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/undergraduate-admissions/transfer-admissions
TITLE: Transfer Admissions | Undergraduate Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Transfer Admissions
Finish your degree with purpose when you apply for undergraduate transfer admissions at Seattle University.
Admissions & Aid
Undergraduate Admissions
Transfer Admissions
Start Your Application
Preparing for Success
Choosing to go to college was a major decision. Now you’re deciding where to complete your degree. Seattle University offers distinct strengths, including small classes, personal attention, the Jesuit focus on the greater good and a location near downtown Seattle.
With the largest transfer student population of any private university in Washington state, Seattle University is an excellent option for completing your degree and preparing for postgraduate success.
For transfer students, we offer:
A streamlined credit transfer process
Knowledgeable and friendly
Admissions Counselors
to assist you in the admissions process
Direct admission to majors, with additional advising support for undeclared students
A unique
Transfer Link program
that provides space on campus designed to meet the needs of commuters
A
Redhawk Transfer Admissions Guarantee
Explore Academic Programs
With 65 undergraduate degree programs, we have the academic programs you’re looking for.
Search Programs
Plan Your Transfer
Find Course Equivalencies & Transfer Planning Guides
See how your courses could transfer and find transfer planning guides for your major.
Transfer Planning Guides for Your Major
Requirements & Course Transfers
Ready to Apply?
See the step-by-step process and find the information you need to submit your application, including requirements, deadlines and more.
Deadlines
How to Apply
For Your Education
Generous Financial Support
Financial Aid & Scholarships
97%
Percentage of Transfer Students Receive Merit Scholarships
Most transfer students are given scholarships for academic excellence.
$42k
Average Financial Award for Transfer Students
The average financial aid award package offers a lot of financial support each year.
$180M
Aid Awarded to Undergraduate Students Each Year
Seattle University is committed to making a high-quality education attainable.
Visit Seattle University
Come check out our beautiful 55-acre campus located between the eclectic Capitol Hill and First Hill neighborhoods. Visiting in person is one of the best ways to get a feel for Seattle University. Sign up for an in-person campus tour or hop in an online info session led by an admissions counselor.
Tour Campus Virtually
Transfer Admissions Events
Sign Up for a Campus Tour
Connect with your Counselor
Your transfer admissions counselor is here to help you every step of the way. We encourage you to reach out to your transfer admissions counselor if you have any questions about Seattle University or the admissions process...or to just say hello!
Find your Counselor
Contact Us
Questions? The admissions office is ready to hear from you. Contact us and we’ll be happy to assist you in any way during this process.
Admissions Office
transfer@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8040