URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/graduate-admissions/stem-approved-graduate-programs
TITLE: STEM-Approved Graduate Programs | Graduate Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Discover Graduate STEM Programs
Explore Seattle University’s graduate STEM programs in science, business and technology. Gain real-world skills, foster ethical leadership and benefit from academic excellence rooted in Jesuit values.
Admissions & Aid
Graduate Admissions
STEM-Approved Graduate Programs
Request Information
Loading...
Whether you're passionate about business, science, technology, data and analytics, or beyond, Seattle University's graduate STEM programs are designed with your professional growth in mind. Spanning the College of Science and Engineering, the Albers School of Business and Economics, and the College of Nursing and Health Sciences, our career-focused STEM programs are built to help you thrive now and into the future. You'll gain a rigorous education grounded in academic excellence, real-world application and Jesuit values—equipping you with the skills, experience and ethical foundation to lead in today’s dynamic job market.
Explore STEM-Approved Programs >>
Apply Now
Where Ambition Meets Opportunity
#1
Best Professional Opportunities for STEM Graduates
Set yourself up for success in the top city for STEM professionals (WalletHub 2025).
7
STEM-Approved Programs for International Students
We offer 7 STEM-approved programs for international students, plus several additional STEM-designated programs which do not support F1-Visas or OPT extensions due to modality or credit count.
26.2%
Average Salary Increase
The average starting salary for master’s degree graduates was 26.2% higher than those with only a bachelor’s (NACE, 2025).
Explore STEM-Approved Programs
Master of Professional Accounting
Designed for those with a non-accounting undergraduate degree, our STEM-designated Master of Professional Accounting (MPAC) gives you the right credentials to switch careers or progress upwards in your organization. This program is designed for those who have earned an undergraduate degree in a non-accounting major (including any business major, liberal arts and/or humanities) who want to pivot to the accounting profession. Albers' MPAC program enables you to gain highly sought-after knowledge by today's employers.
Master of Professional Accounting
MS in Accounting and Analytics
Discover in-depth insights into the world of accounting and analytics. Designed for those with an accounting undergraduate degree, our Master of Science in Accounting and Analytics (MSAA) is a STEM-designated program with leadership components. Five out of 15 courses are analytics, while eight are STEM courses. Our top-ranked graduate accounting program is committed to teaching ethical and purposeful accounting practices. As one of the best accounting schools, we’ll help you learn about more than business. You’ll discover how you can make a difference in the businesses you work with.
MS in Accounting and Analytics
MS in Business Analytics
Strong statistical understanding isn’t enough in today’s business world. Companies need people who can understand the bigger context, see patterns correctly, and then use them to drive ethical and effective decision-making at every level. In short, today’s businesses require a deep understanding of data and top-tier business leadership skills. Here, you get both.
In our highly ranked Master of Science in Business Analytics (MSBA) program, you’ll harness the power of data combined with leadership-level communications skills to make a difference. The first of its kind in the Northwest, our MSBA gives you everything you need to meet the market’s high demand for business data and intelligence analysts.
MS in Business Analytics
MS in Computer Science
Tailor your education to your career goals with our MS in Computer Science (MSCS). You'll have the option to choose between flexible electives that align with your interests or two optional areas of specialization in data science or software engineering. Our MSCS program offers a curriculum based on theoretical foundations and practical applications. Students in the MSCS program benefit from strong connections to Seattle's leading tech employers, real-world experience through industry-led projects and in-depth mentorship from our expert faculty. Today, computer science is the fastest-growing program on our campus, and our graduate students are employed by major tech brands such as Microsoft, Meta, Google and others.
MS in Computer Science
MS in Data Science
In a world overflowing with information, there's a growing demand for skilled data science professionals. Seattle University's Master of Science in Data Science (MSDS) will provide you with the advanced technical and analytical skills you need to excel in one of the world's fastest-growing industries. Our interdisciplinary MSDS program is focused on the study of data-driven decision making and combines aspects of computer science, statistics, data analysis, modeling and more. Our graduates thrive in Seattle's dynamic tech landscape and are employed by some of the region’s most influential companies, including Amazon, Boeing, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Microsoft, Google, Starbucks and others.
MS in Data Science
MS in Finance
Elevate your finance career—or pivot to a new one—with Seattle University's Master of Science in Finance (MSF) program. Designed for both recent graduates and professionals, our advanced curriculum equips you with the skills to thrive in today's business world. From investments to corporate finance, our program offers diverse career pathways. With additional focus on accounting, economics and ethical discussions, you'll emerge as a versatile professional ready to make an impact. You may also choose to dive deeper into an area of your interest by pursuing an optional specialization in investments, risk management or corporate finance.
MS in Finance
MS in Kinesiology
Seattle University’s Master of Science in Kinesiology program provides students with an integrated study of movement that includes the physiological, mechanical and behavioral aspects of physical activity and data science. The curriculum includes lectures and laboratory courses, seminars, independent study and mentored research. Graduates will write a thesis based on their data collection, analysis and interpretation, often out of the lab and within real-world settings. You will be ready to pursue further graduate training such as advanced study at the doctoral level, admission to allied health professional programs or medical school.
MS in Kinesiology
Additional STEM Programs
Seattle University also offers the following programs in science, technology, engineering and mathematics. However, online programs do not support F1-visas, and certificate programs do not qualify for the 24-month STEM OPT extension. International students who are already in the United States on a different type of visa or—for online programs—those who wish to complete the program from their respective country are eligible to apply.
Graduate Certificate: Accounting
With a Graduate Certificate in Accounting, you can gain general or specialized knowledge in accounting, further your professional formation and work toward professional certifications such as CPA, CIA, CISA, CMA or EA. Or simply use accounting knowledge gained at the Albers School of Business and Economics to enhance your success in related management roles.
Graduate Certificate: Accounting >>
Graduate Certificate: Business Analytics
Students in the Business Analytics Certificate program will study topics such as relational database systems, multi-dimensional modeling, data warehousing, data mining, big data analytics, web analytics and business intelligence.
Graduate Certificate: Business Analytics >>
Graduate Certificate: Computer Science Fundamentals
The Computer Science Fundamentals Certificate is a bridge to our MS in Computer Science (MSCS) and will help you transition to a new career in the region's booming tech industry. If you’ve already completed your undergraduate degree—regardless of your major—you’re encouraged to apply. After successful completion of the certificate, qualified students can continue directly into our MSCS program. For students who have not completed prior programming coursework, our summer or winter programming Boot Camp allows you to learn Java, providing you with the same foundational experience as your peers.
Graduate Certificate: Computer Science Fundamentals >>
Graduate Certificate: Data Science
Gain cutting-edge expertise in one of the world’s fastest-growing industries with a Graduate Certificate in Data Science. Our flexible program, with courses offered both online and on campus, equips you with the technical, professional and analytical training you need to extract valuable insights and drive organizational strategies. You'll gain interdisciplinary expertise in statistics, computer science, data analysis, modeling and more. And you can even complete the certificate in just two academic quarters, saving you both time and money.
Graduate Certificate: Data Science >>
Graduate Certificate: Finance
The Graduate Certificate in Finance gives you solid grounding in financial principles, accounting analysis and economic analysis. With a certificate in finance, you can consider careers in financial analysis, capital budgeting, security analysis, corporate financial management and small business finance. You'll gain the specialized knowledge necessary to be successful in the field of finance and develop your critical thinking and analytical skills as you learn how to assess the value and implications of financial decisions.
Graduate Certificate: Finance >>
Graduate Certificate: Risk, Advisory & Assurance
Bring immense value to your organization as a risk advisory consultant or internal auditor. The Risk Advisory and Assurance Certificate gives you the skills to identify and reduce risks in achieving strategic goals while benchmarking internally and externally to implement best practices. It is also the first step in obtaining the CIA (Certified Internal Auditor) or the CISA (Certified Information Systems Auditor) credentials. To best prepare you for your next career move, this certificate includes an IT audit.
Graduate Certificate: Risk, Advisory & Assurance >>
Online MS in Artificial Intelligence
The Seattle University Master of Science in Artificial Intelligence (MSAI) is designed to prepare you for the forefront of AI innovation. This cutting-edge program combines advanced technical training in machine learning, big data and programming with critical problem-solving and communication skills to address real-world challenges in diverse industries. The MSAI is a 49-credit program that can be completed in two years, featuring online courses tailored to accommodate working professionals and career changers alike.
Online MS in Artificial Intelligence >>
Online MS in Business Analytics
The rigorous curriculum and tech-connected alumni network of Seattle University’s Albers School of Business and Economics develop your data analytics leadership through a unique combination of technical and people skills. Our forward-looking Online MS in Business Analytics reflects the diversity and technological complexity of the Seattle market. Like any reputable MSBA program, we help you develop technical data skills. What sets our program apart and helps you stand out from other job candidates is how we prepare you to contextualize and influence business decisions.
Online MS in Business Analytics >>
Online MS in Data Science
Seattle University's Online Master of Science in Data Science (MSDS) equips you to thrive in the rapidly growing field of data science with a unique focus on ethical decision-making. Our interdisciplinary program combines the power of statistics, computer science, data analysis, and modeling to solve real-world challenges with integrity and impact. The Online MSDS is 45 credits and can be completed in as few as 6 academic quarters, with flexible courses suited to working professionals.
Online MS in Data Science >>
Get in Touch
For more information about STEM graduate programs at Seattle University, contact:
Graduate Admissions
grad-admissions@seattleu.edu
206-220-8010