URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/undergraduate-admissions/first-year-admissions/how-to-apply/admission-requirements
TITLE: Admission Requirements | How to Apply | First-Year Admissions | Undergraduate Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Admission Requirements
Discover what’s needed for a complete admissions application and find other Seattle University requirements.
Admissions & Aid
Undergraduate Admissions
First-Year Admissions
How to Apply
Admission Requirements
As you prepare to apply, learn more about the admissions requirements for first-year applicants. You’ll find the following information below:
Direct entry requirements
Policies regarding Running Start or college credit earned in HS
Homeschool Applicant information
Advanced Placement (AP), International Baccalaureate (IB), and other test credit policies
English Proficiency requirements
Ready to Soar: Academic Preparation in High School
In order to ensure that you are academically prepared for collegiate-level coursework, complete the following minimal program in high school (each unit is equivalent to one academic year of study):
English: 4 units
Mathematics (college preparatory): 3 units
Social Studies: 3 units
Laboratory Science: 2 units
Foreign Language: 2 units
History: 1 unit
Additional academic units from the above disciplines: 2 units
​Direct Entry Requirements
At Seattle University, you can apply directly to your intended major. For instance, if you select "Nursing" as your intended major, you will be considered directly for admission to our Nursing program. If admitted, you can begin your journey in your major right from the beginning.
As a result, certain programs—Nursing included—have additional admission requirements.
Please review the programs with direct entry admission requirements below.
See the requirements for direct entry for the college your major is in.
Students who do not meet the minimum requirements of their intended major may be admitted to a pre-major or an advising program to help create a pathway to their desired degree. Please note that Nursing, Diagnostic Ultrasound and Business and Law applicants must apply for and be admitted directly in order to pursue the programs at Seattle University.
Albers School of Business and Economics
Competitive applicants to majors within the Albers School of Business and Economics must meet minimum credit requirements above and:
Three units of college preparatory mathematics. Pre-Calculus or equivalent is not required but encouraged. Otherwise, students must take Pre-Calculus as a business elective at Seattle University.
Preferably have demonstrated interest in math, business, entrepreneurship or other related topics via academics or extracurricular activities.
If test scores are submitted, Albers requires the minimum scores below:
SAT: 540
ACT: 23
Major
Admissions Requirements and Considerations:
Business Analytics
Admissions Requirements and Considerations:
3.5 GPA or higher preferred
Pre-Calculus or equivalent, ideally with B or higher (or in progress)
If optional test scores are submitted, the minimum scores are:
SAT: 560
ACT: 23
Business and Law
Admissions Requirements and Considerations:
3.5 GPA or higher preferred
Pre-Calculus or equivalent, ideally with B or higher (or in progress)
If optional test scores are submitted, the minimum scores are:
SAT: 640
ACT: 27
Please note the following:
Due to the fast-paced nature of this program, students interested in Business and Law must apply directly to the program and begin cohort classes in fall quarter of their first year. Current students are not able to change their major to Business and Law after starting classes.
Students who are enrolled in the Bridge program would not be able to complete the Business Foundation requirements in three years and, therefore, would not be able to enroll in Business and Law.
College of Arts & Sciences
Competitive applicants to majors within the College of Arts and Sciences must meet minimum requirements credit requirements (see the top of this page) and the following majors have additional requirements for direct entry admission:
Major
Admissions Requirements and Considerations:
Bachelor of Science in Forensic Science
Admissions Requirements and Considerations:
Four units of college preparatory mathematics are preferred, with B grades or higher, including the equivalent of Pre-Calculus (complete or in progress).
One unit of laboratory Biology (B grades or higher preferred)
One unit of laboratory Chemistry (B grades or higher preferred)
College of Nursing & Health Sciences
Competitive applicants to majors within the College of Nursing must meet minimum requirements credit requirements (see the top of this page) and:
Four units of college preparatory mathematics (with B grades or higher), including the equivalent of Pre-Calculus (complete or in progress).
One year of laboratory Biology and Laboratory Chemistry (with B grades or higher).
Demonstrated interest in Nursing, Diagnostic Ultrasound, Science or other related topics via coursework or extracurricular activities.
If test scores are submitted, the minimum ranges apply:
SAT: 560+ in Math required
ACT: 23+ in Math required
The typical middle 50% of admitted applicants who submit their scores:
SAT: 1210-1330
ACT: 25-29
Please note these are not minimums but rather the typical range for admitted students.
Students interested in Nursing or Diagnostic Ultrasound must indicate so on their applications. Due to the cohort nature of the program, students cannot switch into Nursing or Diagnostic Ultrasound after being admitted to a different major.
Additionally, the following majors have additional requirements for direct entry admission:
Major
Admission Requirements and Considerations:
Nursing
Our Bachelor of Science in Nursing is our most competitive program. Please note: to pursue Nursing, students must indicate Nursing on their application and meet all relevant admissions deadlines. Due to the cohort nature of the program, students are not able to change their major to Nursing after enrolling at SU.
Admission Requirements and Considerations:
3.85-4.0 GPA unweighted GPA*
One unit each of laboratory Chemistry and laboratory Biology (B grades or higher preferred)
Four years of math, pre-calculus or equivalent (complete or in progress); B grades or higher preferred
*The admissions review process will consider a student’s schedule, AP or honors coursework, and grade trend in context with cumulative GPA.
Diagnostic Ultrasound
Admissions Requirements and Considerations:
Laboratory Physics (complete or in progress); B grades or higher preferred
Laboratory Chemistry (complete or in progress); B grades or higher preferred
Four years of math, pre-calculus or equivalent (complete or in progress); B grades or higher preferred
College of Science & Engineering
Competitive applicants to majors within the College of Science and Engineering must meet minimum requirements credit requirements (see the top of this page) and:
Four units of college preparatory mathematics for admission to any of its specific majors.
Pre-calculus, or equivalent, is preferred for most programs (completed or in progress)
B grades or higher preferred
B grades preferred in relevant math/science coursework.
Minimally two laboratory science courses, including Chemistry.
If test scores are submitted, all majors—with the exception of Pre-Science or Pre-Engineering—require the minimum scores below:
SAT: 560
ACT: 23
Demonstrated interest in STEM courses and careers via academics or extracurricular activities.
The following majors have additional requirements for direct entry admission:
Major
Admissions Requirements and Considerations:
Engineering
Admissions Requirements and Considerations:
One unit of general Lab Science  (B grade or higher preferred)
One unit of laboratory Chemistry (B grade or higher preferred)
Recommended: One unit of laboratory Physics (B grade or higher preferred)
Biology
Admissions Requirements and Considerations:
One unit of laboratory Biology (B grades or higher preferred)
One unit of laboratory Chemistry (B grades or higher preferred)
Biochemistry, Chemistry, and Chemical Science
Admissions Requirements and Considerations:
One unit of general Lab Science  (B grade or higher preferred)
One unit of laboratory Chemistry (B grades or higher preferred)
Cornish College of the Arts
For students pursuing a BFA or BM degree at Cornish College of the Arts, an audition or portfolio is required for admission. Please check the
Audition and Portfolio Requirements
page for more information on what to submit for your chosen major.
Undecided
You do not need to know your major before you apply!* We have advisors who work with you to research, explore and prepare for a wide variety of majors.
If you have not yet selected a major, please contact your admissions counselor to learn more about our Undeclared (Academic Pathways), Pre-Business, Pre-Science and Pre-Engineering programs.
*Please note that—due to the cohort structure of their programs—students interested in Nursing, Diagnostic Ultrasound or Business and Law must select that major on their application for consideration.
Program
Undeclared and Academic Pathways Advising
Still trying to decide what to major in? Select Undeclared to work with an Academic Pathways advisor. They will help to provide the framework, programming ,and resources necessary to help you make informed decisions about choosing a major.
Pre-Science Advising or Science
(major undeclared)
Are you interested in a Science major but still need to decide what field you want to pursue? Do you need to complete some prerequisites before starting your intended Science program? Pre-Science offers the opportunity to explore the different science disciplines in the College of Science Engineering.
Pre-Engineering Advising or Engineering
(major undeclared)
Are you interested in Engineering but need to discern what engineering field is right for you? Do you need to complete some prerequisites before officially starting your intended Engineering program? Pre-Engineering offers the opportunity to explore the different engineering disciplines and meet necessary requirements.
Pre-Business Advising or Business
(major undeclared)
Are you interested in Business but want time to decide what field you want to pursue? Do you need to complete some prerequisites before officially starting your intended Business program? Pre-Business offers the opportunity to explore different business majors and avenues and meet necessary prerequisites.
Pre-Calculus is pre-requisite for direct entry into Pre-Business.
Applying as a Running Start or Dual Credit Applicant
Running Start is a Washington state program that allows qualified high school juniors and seniors to enroll tuition-free in community college courses while completing high school diploma requirements. Other states may refer to a similar program as dual credit.
Credit earned in Running Start or dual credit programs may apply to both high school graduation and toward future college degree completion at state colleges and universities in Washington. Generally, a five-quarter credit course equates to one high school credit.
Explore the Process
Applying to Seattle University
Running Start and dual credit students who graduate from high school in the same year as you begin your course of study at Seattle University or are attending college for the first time since high school graduation will be considered first-time first-year and should follow the usual application procedures and deadlines for
first-year applicants
. Running Start or dual credit students who have completed prerequisite classes for Nursing have an opportunity to be considered for the transfer (2-Year) cohort. Interested applicants must follow the
outlined procedures
and meet the requirements to be considered.
Financial Aid
You will be considered first-year students for eligibility for financial aid. Please refer to the
Finances
section for more information.
Receiving Credit
Seattle University has developed transfer guides as a resource for planning to transfer credits from Washington state community colleges and some colleges out of state. Please refer to the
Transfer Equivalency Tool
to see how your Running Start and dual enrollment credits may apply to Seattle University. For information on how your college credits will apply to Seattle University's Core Curriculum, please refer to the
Core Curriculum
website.
BSN Applications
Seattle University is pleased to offer the opportunity for direct entry to our majors for highly qualified applicants at the time of admission. Due to the cohort nature of our Nursing program, you can elect to be reviewed for both the 4-year program and the 2-year Transfer program.
4-year program:  regardless of prior college credit earned, students spend their initial two years completing the Core Curriculum and Nursing prerequisite courses to begin Nursing course sequencing at the end of sophomore year.
2-year program:  students who have completed a
Direct Transfer Associate's degree
and all prerequisite requirements through Running Start may be eligible to begin Nursing course sequencing in their first quarter on campus.
Running Start students interested in being considered for the 2-year Program can indicate their intent on the Common Application.
Running Start students who would like to be considered for the 2-year Transfer Cohort must:
Apply
to Seattle University as a first-year applicant by the January 15 Early Action Deadline
Complete additional application requirements found in the Redhawk Admissions Portal after submitting the Common Application.
If you are not admitted to the transfer cohort, you will be automatically considered for the 4-year program.
Diagnostic Ultrasound Applications
Seattle University is pleased to offer the opportunity for direct entry to our majors for highly qualified applicants at the time of admission.
4-year program: regardless of prior college credit earned, students spend their initial two years completing the Core Curriculum and Ultrasound prerequisite courses to begin Ultrasound course sequencing at the end of sophomore year
Applying as a​​ Homeschooled Applicant
Seattle University recognizes many paths to being prepared for rigorous academic work at the collegiate level. You are welcome to apply if you have received your education through homeschooling experiences.
In order to maintain consistency in how we read applications, we have additional application requirements if you have been homeschooled.
Application Requirements
Homeschool Questions
The Homeschool questions on the School Report form of the Common Application completed by the homeschool supervisor (the person responsible for education plan and overseeing instruction).
Official Transcripts
All official transcripts, including a detailed official homeschool transcript signed by the homeschool supervisor. The homeschool transcript should include detailed course descriptions, texts used and the minimum number of hours per week of instruction.
Official transcripts are also required for any additional coursework completed or in progress in a non-home school setting, including traditional secondary schools, colleges, universities or any other type of school where credit was or will be received. Official transcripts of all completed or in-progress coursework are required from all original sources even if the homeschool transcript includes them.
Note: This fulfills the "official transcript" requirement of first-year applicants. Please also be aware of the minimum secondary school course requirements for all first-year applicants.
Letter of Recommendation
One additional letter of recommendation from a non-relative (including requirements for all first-year applicants, this means that you will be submitting a minimum of 3 letters of recommendation). This is a total of two letters from non-relatives and one School Report from the counselor. Preferably, this additional recommendation will be from a teacher who has taught you within the last three years in an academic subject.
If the homeschool supervisor is the only teacher and counselor, two additional letters of recommendation are still required from non-relative sources familiar with your academic quality, work ethic and/or character.
Assessments
Homeschool applicants are required to show additional non-home-school-setting assessments in three academic areas: English, mathematics and laboratory science.
The following options note the methods through which these assessments may be displayed.
If you took the SAT as part of the standard admissions requirements, you must show additional assessments in English, mathematics and laboratory science (laboratory science constitutes natural sciences such as biology or chemistry but does not include social sciences such as psychology). This can be completed through one of these options:
ACT results (writing portion recommended).
AP test results in math, lab science and either English literature or English language.
IB test results in math, lab science and English.
CLEP exam results in math, lab science and either English literature or English composition.
At least one course in each area - math, lab science, and English - completed with an official transcript from a traditional, accredited secondary school.
At least one course in each area - math, lab science, and English - completed with official transcripts from a regionally accredited college or university (includes Running Start credits at Washington State community colleges).
A sufficient combination of options above showing assessments in English, math, and lab science. For example, an appropriate display of assessments could include an AP test score in English Language and Calc AB, and an official college transcript with credits in a 100-level Biology course.
If you took the ACT (writing portion recommended) as part of the standard first-year admissions requirements, you must show additional assessment in English and mathematics. This can be completed through one of these options:
SAT results.
AP test results in math and either English literature or English language.
IB test results in math and English.
CLEP exam results in math and either English literature or English composition
At least one course in each area—math and English—completed with an official transcript from a traditional, accredited secondary school.
At least one course in each area—math and English—completed with an official transcript from a regionally accredited college or university (includes Running Start credits at Washington State community colleges).
A sufficient combination of options above showing assessments in English, math, and lab science. For example, an appropriate display of assessments could include an AP score in Calculus I and an official college transcript with credits in a 100-level English course.
Note: While taking both the SAT and ACT fulfills the above requirement for additional assessments, taking either the SAT or ACT multiple times will not alone fulfill this requirement.
For students who are applying test-optional to Seattle University and have been homeschooled for the majority of their high school career, we will need to see:
AP test results in math, laboratory science and either English literature or English language.
IB test results in math, lab science and English.
CLEP exam results in math, laboratory science and either English literature or English composition.
At least one course in each area—math, laboratory science and English—completed with an official transcript from a traditional, accredited secondary school.
At least one course in each area—math, laboratory science and English—completed with an official transcript from a regionally accredited college or university (includes Running Start credits at Washington State community colleges).
A sufficient combination of options above showing assessments in English, math, and lab science.
Merit Scholarships & Additional Information
For all students without a traditional numerical GPA, academic merit scholarship consideration will rely heavily upon other aspects of the holistic application review for the determination of merit scholarships.
Homeschool students with grades from multiple institutions or school settings must submit official transcripts from all sources (see above). The calculated cumulative GPA will include all academic coursework.
Applying as ​​an Undocumented Applicant
The Seattle University Undergraduate Admissions Office recognizes that undocumented students make important contributions to the intellectual and social life of the campus; Seattle University can admit and enroll you regardless of citizenship.
Who is an Undocumented Student?
An undocumented student is a foreign national who: (1) entered the United States without inspection or with fraudulent documents; or (2) entered legally as a nonimmigrant but then violated the terms of his or her status and remained in the United States without authorization (as defined by the National Immigration Law Center).
Most college-bound undocumented students:
have lived in the United States most of their lives
have been brought to the United States by their parents at a young age
have learned English - have attended elementary, middle, and high school in the United States
have excelled academically in high school and want to pursue a college education
currently lack a way to become legal residents or citizens in the United States
Applying to Seattle University
You should complete the Common Application and may list yourself as ‘undocumented’ under the citizenship field or leave this question blank. Filling out the citizenship question is an optional field on the Common Application.
Transfer students will complete the Seattle University Transfer application and may leave the citizenship field blank.
Financial Aid
At this time, you cannot legally receive any federally funded student financial aid, including loans, grants, scholarships or work-study money.
However, SB 6523 (The REAL Hope Act), has expanded eligibility for the Washington State Need Grant to low-income, non-citizen students who meet the program’s eligibility requirements and satisfy the residency criteria. Complete the
Washington Application for State Financial Aid (WASFA)
and find out what you may be eligible for.
Those with questions about financial aid should email financialservices@seattleu.edu or call at 206-220-8020.
Scholarships
You are eligible for our Merit-Based Scholarships, and the Costco Award. We highly recommend that you search for outside scholarships to help meet the remaining gap after merit aid is awarded or state aid for Washington residents. For additional information/requirements on the above-mentioned scholarships, please see our
scholarship page
.
Other Types of Academic Preparation
Advanced Placement (AP)
Advanced placement in courses may be obtained through the Advanced Placement exams administered by the College Entrance Examination Board. College credit can be granted if the test scores earned meet Seattle University requirements. Official examination results must be sent from the College Entrance Examination Board (CEEB) to the Office of the Registrar. Credit for advanced placement courses may not exceed 45 credits.
Advanced Placement Policy
International Baccalaureate (IB)
Seattle University credits awarded for IB examinations are not considered to be transfer credits.  In general, students with "higher level" (HL) and limited "standard level" (SL) courses and examinations have been deemed to be eligible for course credit and advance standing with scores of 5, 6, or 7. Credits are awards with the official IB Exam Diploma for a maximum of 45 credits.
2025-26 International Baccalaureate (99-01)
Cambridge Exams (A-Level)
Seattle University awards credit for A-Levels with the score of “C” or higher. The maximum credit granted cannot exceed 45 and no credit is given for first language tests of foreign language (example: a first language German speaker will not be granted credit for German as a foreign language A-Level). Credit is granted once we have the official Cambridge Exam Certificate, not from another school's transcript.
Cambridge Advanced Level Policy
Gaps in Education
Some applicants have taken some time off from academic coursework before applying to Seattle University. Applicants with a gap of 5 or more years may be asked to establish a current academic record at another college or university before applying for Seattle University admission.
In addition, recent prerequisite coursework may be needed to apply to specific majors. Don't hesitate to contact your
Admissions Counselor
for more information.
English Proficiency
Applicants for whom English is not a first/native language must demonstrate English Proficiency regardless of English language studies, academic history, residence in the United States or other English-speaking countries, or immigration status.
Proof of English Proficiency
Explore how you can meet the English proficiency requirements.
How to Meet the English Proficiency Requirement
Seattle University maintains the right to require English Proficiency testing when deemed necessary. The most recent demonstration of English Proficiency (i.e. test scores or course work, as per the policies described below) will be counted toward the English Proficiency requirement, regardless of whether previous scores are higher. Following the submission of English Proficiency score reports, requests for testing waivers will not be considered.
Applicants Transferring from a Regionally Accredited College or University
Seattle University allows you to use college-level English composition I to satisfy English proficiency. To meet this requirement, you must meet the following criteria:
45 quarter credits (or equivalent) from a regionally accredited US college or university complete at the time of application.
Complete college-level English composition with a 3.0 of higher grade (B)
Have a cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher.
Seattle University reserves the ability to require English proficiency testing should it be deemed necessary.
Exam Options
Exam Options
English proficiency may be met through any of the tests listed below.
The chart below outlines the English proficiency requirements for general admission as well as admission to the
English Language and Cultural Bridge (ELCB) program
. Both score requirements are listed below.
Admission with ELCB Requirement
Exempt from ELCB Requirement
TOEFL
68 - 85 iBT
86 iBT
IELTS
minimum 6.0
6.5
ELS
Not applicable
Complete Level 112 with 3.0 GPA
Pearson Test of English/Academic
48 - 57
58
Duolingo
105-115
120
SAT
(2016+)
Not applicable
500 in Evidence-Based Reading and Writing
ACT
Not applicable
20+ in both reading and English
Nursing, Diagnostic Ultrasound, Business and Law, and Criminal Justice/Specialization in Law applicants for whom English is not their first language must demonstrate English proficiency at non-ELCB level (e.g. 86 on the TOEFL, 6.5 on the IELTS, etc.). Exceptions below may apply.
Students with TOEFL scores in the ELCB range will take a placement essay test upon arrival at Seattle University. Some students may have their ELCB requirement waived based on the results of the placement essay test.
ELS Language Centers
ELS Language Center (US centers only) students who have completed level 112 with a 3.0-grade point average are considered to have the equivalent TOEFL score of 86 and will be exempt from the undergraduate English Language Learning Center. For more information on the ELS program, visit
els.edu
or call 1-866-748-9780.
Additional Options to Meet English Proficiency Requirements
First-year applicants who complete their entire high school curriculum in the United States, parts of Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, New Zealand, Australia, Bahamas, Jamaica, Kenya, Singapore, Trinidad and Tobago, Nigeria, Belize or at American schools abroad, may have the English Proficiency requirement waived if their transcript does not include any ESL course work,, if the average in four years of English composition/literature classes is 3.0/B or higher, and if the high school cumulative grade point average is 3.0 or higher.
Get in Touch
We’re here to help. For information about Seattle University Application Requirements, contact:
Admissions Office
admissions@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8040