URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid
TITLE: Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Admissions and Aid
Experience a caring, holistic admissions and aid process that puts your success and well-being first.
Request Information
You're Welcome Here
At Seattle University, our admissions process—like our academic excellence—is rooted in our deep care for each student. Discover an admissions office where you’re known, cared for and supported, every step of the way. Our commitment to educating the whole person has the power to affect change and create a lasting global impact. We call students to do more than find answers—to keep asking the right questions and take action to help make the world more just, compassionate and sustainable.
Whether you’re an undergraduate, graduate, transfer or international student, your time at Seattle University will provide you with an academically challenging education that prepares you not only for professional success but also to make an impact in the world around you.
Explore our admissions process and discover the steps it takes to become a Redhawk. Join us and we’ll open doors for your education and beyond.
Get in touch to receive more information about Seattle University.
When you’re ready, explore our campus community in person with a visit and tour of our beautiful campus.
Apply Now
Request Information
Schedule a Visit
Virtual Tour
How to Apply: Let’s Begin
First-Year Admissions Process
For students applying for bachelor’s degrees after graduating from high school, this is the place to start. We’re dedicated to providing you with an educational journey that matches your passions and dreams. Explore our first-year admissions process to embark on a path of discovery and growth with Seattle University.
Get Started
1,004
First Time in College
More than 1,000 Seattle University students started their college journey in Fall 2022.
Transfer Admissions Process
With the largest transfer student population of any private university in Washington state, Seattle University is an excellent option for completing your degree and preparing for postgraduate success. For students applying to transfer from another United States college or university, explore how easy it is to become a Redhawk.
Explore More
327
Transfer Students
More and more students are deciding to become Redhawks.
International Admissions Process
Seattle University is home to more than 850 international students from more than 60 countries. With our alumni living in nearly 100 countries, we are recognized around the world for our academic excellence. For students from other countries applying for any degree who study with a visa, start your journey here.
Learn More
59
International Students
Joined Seattle University in Fall 2022.
Graduate Admissions Process
Situated at the forefront of innovation and progress in the heart of Seattle, our distinctive graduate programs will advance your academic journey in a way that aligns with your professional goals and intellectual pursuits. For U.S. students who are applying for a master’s degree or higher, discover the breadth of opportunities available with a Jesuit education at Seattle University and begin the application process today.
Start Now
1,090
Graduate Students
Joined Seattle University in 2022.
Executive & Professional Admissions
If a full, high-demand graduate program isn’t quite what you’re looking for, we have several executive and professional development programs to help you advance or pivot your career.
Explore Programs
What Our
Students Say
Katie Bradley, ’18
"Seattle University provides us with the education for us to go forward and to produce real change. And to shake things up a bit."
Costs to Attend and How We Can Help
More than 96% of Seattle University undergraduate students receive financial aid, with more than $145 million in financial aid administered in 2022. Discover how we can help break down costs and the financial aid process to help you on your education journey.
Tuition and Fees
One of the most daunting tasks when preparing for college is determining what it will cost. We break down the various costs you’ll need to prepare for when enrolling at Seattle University.
Financial Aid
We work with all students to determine the financial opportunities available. Learn about how we can help you cover some of the costs.
Scholarships and Grants
Scholarships help make college affordable and acknowledge your hard work and accomplishments. Learn about the various ways we support students with scholarship opportunities.
For Your Education
Generous Financial Support
97%
of First-Year Students Receive Merit Scholarships
Most first-year students are given scholarships for academic excellence.
98%
OF UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS RECEIVED AID (2024–25)
From merit scholarships to award packages, Seattle University supports your success.
$51K
AVERAGE FINANCIAL AWARD FOR FIRST-YEAR STUDENTS
The average financial aid award package offers a lot of financial support each year.
Contact Us
Questions? The admissions office is ready to hear from you. Contact us and we’ll be happy to assist you in any way during this process.
Undergraduate Admissions
Phone: 1-206-220-8040
Toll-free: 1-800-426-7123
Email:
admissions@seattleu.edu
Address: 1107 E. Madison Street, WA 98122
Graduate Admissions
Phone: 1-206-220-8010
Toll-free: 1-800-426-7123
Email:
grad-admissions@seattleu.edu
Connect with a Counselor
Your Admissions Counselor can answer any questions you have about Seattle University or the admissions process.
Find Your Counselor