URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/undergraduate-admissions/transfer-admissions/how-to-apply/requirements--course-transfers
TITLE: Requirements & Course Transfers | How to Apply | Transfer Admissions | Undergraduate Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Requirements & Course Transfers
Find admissions requirements, and ensure your credits transfer smoothly to Seattle University.
Admissions & Aid
Undergraduate Admissions
Transfer Admissions
How to Apply
Requirements & Course Transfers
Learn the Transfer Requirements to Apply
As you prepare to apply, learn more about the admissions requirements for transfer applicants.
Whether you’ve already started taking courses at another institution or are making a full four-year plan, you’ll find the tools, guides and resources to help your credits transfer to Seattle University.
GPA Requirements for Admission
Ordinarily, a cumulative grade point average of at least 3.0 (on a scale where an A is 4.00) is recommended for transfer admission consideration. This varies by program; please review your program’s Transfer Planning Guide for more specific details. Applications are reviewed carefully and holistically; primary consideration is given to course selection, academic trend and individual course performance. The average GPA of admitted transfer students is 3.44.
English Proficiency
Applicants for whom English is not a first/native language must demonstrate English Proficiency regardless of English language studies, academic history, residence in the United States or other English-speaking countries or immigration status.
How to Meet Our English Proficiency Requirement
Seattle University maintains the right to require English Proficiency testing when deemed necessary. The most recent demonstration of English Proficiency (i.e. test scores or course work, as per the policies described below) will be counted toward the English Proficiency requirement, regardless of whether previous scores are higher. Following the submission of English Proficiency score reports, requests for testing waivers will not be considered.
Exam Options
Exam Options
Applicants for whom English is not a first/native language must demonstrate English Proficiency regardless of English language studies, academic history, residence in the United States or other English-speaking countries or immigration status.
English proficiency may be met through any of the tests listed below.
The chart below outlines the English proficiency requirements for general admission as well as admission to the
English Language and Cultural Bridge (ELCB) program
. Both score requirements are listed below.
Admission with ELCB Requirement
Exempt from ELCB Requirement
TOEFL
68–85 iBT
86 iBT
IELTS
minimum 6.0
6.5
ELS
Not applicable
Complete Level 112 with 3.0 GPA
Pearson Test of English/Academic
48–57
58
Duolingo
105–115
120
Pearson Test of English (Academmic)
48 - 57
58
SAT
(2016+)
Not applicable
500 in Evidence-Based Reading and Writing
ACT
Not applicable
20+ in both reading and English
Students with scores in the English Language and Cultural Bridge (ELCB) range will take diagnostic tests on the first day of classes at Seattle University. Some students may have their ELCB requirement waived based on the results of those diagnostic tests.
TOEFL “My Best Score”, IELTS “One Skill Retake”, and SAT superscores are accepted to meet English proficiency.
The most recent demonstration of English proficiency (i.e. test scores or course work) will be counted toward the English Proficiency requirement, regardless of whether previous scores are higher.
Because of their cohort nature and the sequencing of requirements, these programs require proficiency above the level that includes the addition of ELCB classes:
Nursing
Diagnostic Ultrasound
Business and Law (3+3)
Criminal Justice/Specialization in Law (3+3)
Additional Exam-Based Options
Applicants who have been enrolled in the Cambridge curriculum and have completed one of the following courses (with the minimum grade required) will have met the English proficiency requirement:
GCSE/IGCSE/GCE Ordinary Level
English with final grade of “C”/5
English First Language with final grade of “C”/5
English Language with final grade of “C”/5
English as a Second Language with final grade of “B”/6; for students who took IGCSE English as a Second Language (0510) pre-2024, a score of 1 or 2 on the speaking endorsement is required.
Note that IGCSE English as an Additional Language is not accepted.
GCE AS level/A level/AICE
English Language and Literature with final or predicted grade of “C
English General Paper with final or predicted grade of “C”
English Language with final or predicted grade of “C
Applicants from West African countries who have taken the WAEC or NECO exam (Ghana, Liberia, The Gambia, Nigeria, Sierra Leone) will have met English proficiency if their WAEC/NECO English subject score is C4 or higher.
Applicants who have been enrolled in the International Baccalaureate Diploma Program (IBDP) and have completed one of the following courses (with the minimum grade required) will have met the English proficiency requirement:
English A: Literature: with grade of 4+
English A: Language and Literature: with grade of 4+
English Literature and Performance: with grade of 4+
English B:  with grade of 4 (HL) or 5 (SL)
Applicants who have completed an English Language and Composition or English Literature and Composition Advanced Placement (AP) course in a U.S. or U.S.-accredited school and who have scored 3, 4, or 5 on the AP examination will have met English proficiency.
College-level English Composition Courses
Other Ways to Provide Proof of English Proficiency
Post-Baccalaureate Applicants: Post-baccalaureate applicants who have earned a bachelor’s or advanced degree at Seattle University or at a recognized/accredited college or university in the U.S. or in any of the above exempted countries will be considered to have met the English proficiency requirement.
Transfer Applicants: Students transferring from a U.S. regionally accredited college or university may use college-level English composition to satisfy English proficiency. To meet this exemption requirement, all the following criteria must be met:
45 quarter credits (or equivalent) completed from a regionally accredited US college or university complete at the time of application;
Completion of college-level English composition with a 3.0/B or higher grade; and
Cumulative college-level GPA of 3.0 or higher
ELS Language Center: Students who have completed level 112 at an ELS Language Center (US centers only) with a 3.0 GPA are considered to have the equivalent to a TOEFL score of 86 and will have met English proficiency.
U.S. High School: Students who have completed their entire high school curriculum (equivalent of grades 9-12) in a U.S.-accredited high school either in the U.S. or overseas will have the English proficiency requirement waived if all these criteria are met:
Their transcript does not include any ESL/ELL/developmental English coursework;
The high school cumulative unweighted GPA is 3.0/B or better; and
The transcript shows an average of 3.0/B in 4 years of English composition and/or literature courses.
Country of Education: Students who have completed their primary and secondary education in the following countries will be exempt from demonstrating English proficiency:
Anguilla
Guyana
Antigua and Barbuda
Ireland
Australia
Jamaica
Bahamas
Montserrat
Barbados
New Zealand
Belize
St. Kitts and Nevis
Bermuda
St. Lucia
British Virgin Islands
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Canada (English speaking)
Trinidad and Tobago
Cayman Islands
Turks and Caicos
Dominica
United Kingdom
Grenada
U.S. Virgin Islands
Questions about English Proficiency requirements?
Contact international@seattleu.edu.
ELS Language Centers
Students who have completed level 112 at an ELS Language Center (US centers only) with a 3.0 GPA are considered to have the equivalent to a TOEFL score of 86 and will have met English proficiency. For more information on the ELS program, visit
els.edu
or call 1-866-748-9780.
Additional Options to Meet English Proficiency Requirements
Transfer applicants from U.S. colleges who complete their entire high school curriculum in the United States, parts of Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, New Zealand, Australia, Bahamas, Jamaica, Kenya, Singapore, Trinidad and Tobago, Nigeria, Belize or at American schools abroad, may have the English Proficiency requirement waived if their transcript does not include any ESL course work, if the average in four years of English composition/literature classes is 3.0/B or higher, and if the high school cumulative grade point average is 3.0 or higher.
Post-baccalaureate applicants who have earned a bachelor's or advanced degree at Seattle University or at a recognized college or university in any of the above countries will be considered to have met the English proficiency requirement.
Transfer Equivalencies
Explore How Your Courses Could Transfer for Seattle University Credit
Wondering how the courses you’ve already taken could transfer to Seattle University? Seattle University has a Transfer Equivalency Tool that allows you to view equivalent coursework from another institution.
An official evaluation of transfer coursework is provided by Seattle University upon admission. Courses not listed in the Transfer Equivalency Tool may still be transferable to Seattle University.
See Transfer Equivalency Tool
Transfer Equivalency Tool Tutorial
Learn how to use the Transfer Equivalency Tool alongside a Transfer Admissions Counselor.
Transfer Equivalency Tool Tutorial
Transfer Credit Policies
Seattle University grants the maximum credit possible to meet degree requirements for courses taken at other regionally accredited institutions. An official evaluation of transfer coursework will be provided upon admission to SU. Acceptable transfer credits are applied to degree requirements consistent with university policies.
Transfer Students From Two-Year Colleges
Most transfers from two-year colleges who, during their first two years, follow a parallel program of study to their intended Seattle University major, enter as juniors and can complete degrees with two additional years of coursework. Exceptions occur when you have taken courses not applicable to your major, since some majors entail more specific requirements than others. Should your major change, the number of applicable transfer credits may also change.
Washington State Direct Transfer Agreement
If you are earning a direct transfer Associate of Arts Direct Transfer Agreement degree (AA-DTA) or the Associate of Science-Transfer degree (AS-T), you may satisfy most Seattle University core requirements and some major requirements. You may be eligible to transfer to Seattle University with 90 (quarter) credits and junior standing, complete upper-division courses and receive a bachelors' degree. Successful completion of prerequisite coursework may be required for admission consideration into specific programs. A final official transcript with the degree posted must be submitted.
Students completing a degree listed above with a 3.0 cumulative GPA or higher may be eligible for guaranteed admission; check out the Redhawk Transfer Admissions Guarantee for more details.
California Community Colleges IGETC Transfer Guarantee
When you complete an Associate of Arts degree as well as the Intersegmental General Education Transfer Curriculum (IGETC) track, you will enter Seattle University as a Junior with 90 credits earned and all CORE requirements fulfilled except
University Core Module II
, an interdisciplinary course, and a senior synthesis.
Oregon Community Colleges Associate’s Degree
When you earn the Associate of Arts Oregon Transfer Degree (AA/OT) prior to matriculation at Seattle University, you will enter as a Junior with 90 credits earned and all CORE requirements fulfilled except
University Core Module II
, an interdisciplinary course, and a senior synthesis.
Arizona Community Colleges
When earn the Associate of Arts as well as the Arizona General Education Curriculum (AGEC-A) track prior to matriculation at Seattle University, you will enter as a Junior with 90 credits earned and all CORE requirements fulfilled except
University Core Module II
, an interdisciplinary course, and a senior synthesis.
Redhawk Transfer Admissions Guarantee
Students completing the Associate of Arts Direct Transfer Agreement degree (AA-DTA) or the Associate of Science-Transfer degree (AS-T) from a Washington state community college with a 3.0 or higher cumulative GPA who submit a completed, satisfactory transfer application with the required supporting materials are guaranteed admission to Seattle University.
Admission into a specific academic program is dependent on specific program admission requirements and capacity and students applying by the
quarterly application deadline
. As such, the Bachelor of Science in Nursing and Bachelor of Science in Diagnostic Ultrasound programs are competitive and excluded from this guarantee.
Students are encouraged to contact Undergraduate Admissions by email at
transfer@seattleu.edu
or call 206-220-8040 to help them prepare a direct pathway into their desired major.
Admitted students will also be automatically considered for merit-based scholarships, and any merit-based scholarship amount earned will be guaranteed for three years.
Gaps in Education
Took Some Time Away from School?
If you have a significant gap in education, you may be asked to establish a current academic record at another college or university prior to applying for transfer admission at Seattle University. Please contact a
Transfer Admissions Counselor
for more information.
COVID-19 Policy
Due to COVID-19, students who have earned a Pass, Satisfactory or Credit grade for courses completed in Winter quarter 2020, Spring quarter 2020, Spring semester 2020 or Summer term 2020 may receive transfer credit and those courses may fulfill degree requirements in all undergraduate programs.
Make Your Plan: Transfer Planning Guides for Your Major
Many degrees require you to complete prerequisite coursework prior to transferring. You can find transfer planning guides available for each major below, which include prerequisites, suggested coursework, GPA information and equivalency tools.
Transfer Planning Guide Tutorial
Need help transferring? Watch how to utilize and understand the Transfer Planning Guides alongside a transfer admissions counselor.
Transfer Planning Guide Tutorial
Albers School of Business and Economics
Program of Study
Transfer Planning Guide
Accounting (BABA)
BABA in Accounting Transfer Planning Guide
Business Analytics (BABA)
BABA in Business Analytics Transfer Planning Guide
Business Economics (BABA)
BABA in Business Economics Transfer Planning Guide
Economics (BA)
BA in Economics Transfer Planning Guide
Finance (BABA)
BABA in Finance Transfer Planning Guide
Individualized Major (BABA)
BABA Individualized Major Transfer Planning Guide
Management (BABA)
BABA in Management Transfer Planning Guide
Marketing (BABA)
BABA in Marketing Transfer Planning Guide
College of Arts & Sciences
Program of Study
Transfer Planning Guide
Anthropology
BA in Anthropology Transfer Planning Guide
Asian Studies
BA in Asian Studies Transfer Planning Guide
Communication and Media
BA in Communication and Media Transfer Planning Guide
Criminal Justice—Administration of Justice
BA in Criminal Justice-Administration of Justice Transfer Planning Guide
Criminal Justice—Criminology and Criminal Justice Theory
BA in Criminal Justice—Criminology and Criminal Justice Theory Transfer Planning Guide
Criminal Justice—Forensic Psychology (BA)
BA in Criminal Justice—Forensic Psychology Transfer Planning Guide
Criminal Justice—Forensic Psychology (BS)
BS in Criminal Justice—Forensic Psychology Transfer Planning Guide
Criminal Justice—Forensic Science (BA)
BA in Criminal Justice—Forensic Science Transfer Planning Guide
Criminal Justice—Forensic Science (BS)
BS in Criminal Justice—Forensic Science Transfer Planning Guide
Design
BA in Design Transfer Planning Guide
English Creative Writing
BA in English Creative Writing Transfer Planning Guide
English Literature
BA in English Literature Transfer Planning Guide
Environmental Studies
BA in Environmental Studies Transfer Planning Guide
Film and Media Studies
BA in Film and Media Studies in Transfer Planning Guide
French
BA in French in Transfer Planning Guide
History
BA in History in Transfer Planning Guide
Interdisciplinary Arts—Arts Leadership
BA in Interdisciplinary Arts-Arts Leadership
Interdisciplinary Arts—Music
BA in Interdisciplinary Arts-Music
Interdisciplinary Arts—Photography
BA in Interdisciplinary Arts-Photography
Interdisciplinary Arts—Theatre
BA in Interdisciplinary Arts-Theatre
Interdisciplinary Arts—Visual Art
BA in Interdisciplinary Arts-Visual Art
International Studies
BA in International Studies Transfer Planning Guide
Philosophy
BA in Philosophy Transfer Planning Guide
Photography
BFA in Photography Transfer Planning Guide
Political Science
BA in Political Science Transfer Planning Guide
Psychology
BA or BS in Psychology Transfer Planning Guide
Public Affairs
BA in Public Affairs Transfer Planning Guide
Social Work
BSW in Social Work Transfer Planning Guide
Sociology
BA in Sociology Transfer Planning Guide
Spanish
BA in Spanish Transfer Planning Guide
Theatre
BA in Theatre Transfer Planning Guide
Theology
BA in Theology Transfer Planning Guide
Visual Art
BA in Visual Art Transfer Planning Guide
Women, Gender, and Sexuality Studies
BA in Women, Gender, and Sexuality Studies Transfer Planning Guide
College of Nursing and Health Sciences
Program of Study
Transfer Planning Guide
Diagnostic Ultrasound
BS in Diagnostic Ultrasound Transfer Planning Guide
Kinesiology
BS in Kinesiology
Nursing
BSN in Nursing Transfer Planning Guide
College of Science & Engineering
Program of Study
Transfer Planning Guide
Biochemistry
BS in Biochemistry Transfer Planning Guide
Biology
BS in Biology Transfer Planning Guide
Cell and Molecular Biology
BS in Cell and Molecular Biology Transfer Planning Guide
Chemistry
BS in Chemistry Transfer Planning Guide
Civil Engineering
BS in Civil Engineering Transfer Planning Guide
Computer Engineering
BS in Computer Engineering Transfer Planning Guide
Computer Science
BS in Computer Science Transfer Planning Guide
Electrical Engineering
BS in Electrical Engineering Transfer Planning Guide
Marine and Conservation Biology
BS in Marine and Conservation Biology Transfer Planning Guide
Mathematics
BS in Mathematics Transfer Planning Guide
Mechanical Engineering
BS in Mechanical Engineering Transfer Planning Guide
Physics
BS in Physics Transfer Planning Guide
Ready to Apply
Learn the steps to submit your Transfer Application and join the Redhawk community.
How to Apply
Connect with the Admissions Team
Check out events to learn more about Seattle University and the Transfer admissions process.
Visit
Get in Touch
We’re here to help. For information about Seattle University Transfer Application Requirements, contact:
Admissions Office
transfer@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8040