URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/undergraduate-admissions/transfer-admissions/contact
TITLE: Contact | Transfer Admissions | Undergraduate Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Contact Us
Find contact information for the undergraduate transfer admissions office and staff.
Admissions & Aid
Undergraduate Admissions
Transfer Admissions
Contact
Office Location and Hours
The Undergraduate Admissions Office is located on the first floor of
Vi Hilbert Hall
, marked HILB on the
campus map
and located at East Madison Street and Madison Court.
Monday–Friday: 9 a.m.–4:30 p.m.
Saturday (October - April): 9 a.m.–2 p.m.
Holiday Closures
Memorial Day
Juneteenth
Independence Day
Labor Day
Veterans Day
Thanksgiving Break (Wed - Fri)
Christmas Break (Dec. 24 to early January)
Martin Luther King Jr. Day
Presidents' Day
Easter Break (Good Friday - Easter Monday)
We may have periodic office closures throughout the year for campus wide or internal events. Please check with us before visiting campus.
Mailing Address for Transcripts and Materials
Seattle University
Admissions Office
901 12th Avenue
P.O. Box 222000
Seattle, WA 98122-1090
Official print transcripts should be sent directly to the Admissions Office by the issuing institution. Official electronic transcripts should be sent to admissions@seattleu.edu by the issuing institution:
Order transcripts through
Parchment
Order transcripts through the
National Student Clearinghouse
Connect with Your Admissions Counselor
At Seattle University, we want the personalized education you experience to begin in the admissions process. Each applicant has a specific Admissions Counselor based on applicant’s last name, and we encourage you to contact your counselor so we can address your individual needs.
Find your counselor based on the first letter of your last name:
A–F
G-O
P-Z
International Transfer Students
Students interested in Education programs can contact
Jennifer Bautista
regardless of last name.
Get in Touch
We’re here to help. For information about Transfer Student Admissions, contact:
Phone: 1-206-220-8040
Toll-free: 1-800-426-7123
Email:
transfer@seattleu.edu
Fax: 1-206-296-5656
Upcoming Transfer Events