URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/visit-tour/undergraduate-visits-and-tours/transfer-admissions-events
TITLE: Transfer Admissions Events | Undergraduate Visits and Tours | Visit & Tour | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Transfer Admissions Events
Events to help you transfer and finish your undergraduate degree at Seattle University.
Admissions & Aid
Visit & Tour
Undergraduate Visits and Tours
Transfer Admissions Events
Take the Next Step with Confidence
If you're considering transferring to Seattle University, join us for a Transfer Event! Bring your questions and learn more about why Seattle University has the largest transfer population of any private university in Washington state.
Our transfer counselors are excited to connect with you! If you want to speak individually with your specific transfer admissions counselor,
we encourage you to check out their Counselor portal
.
National Transfer Student Week
October 20 - 24, 2025
Select from a series of workshops and activities geared to support your transfer journey. Select from virtual and on-campus options and learn why Seattle University has the largest transfer student population of any private university in Washington.
Sign Up Here
Transfer Nursing Virtual Workshops and Information Sessions
Seattle University offers a series of workshops that will prepare you to submit your Transfer Nursing application.
Sign Up Here
Transfer Drop-In Group Appointments
Available Bi-Weekly
Transfer Drop-In Group Appointments are a great space to ask questions about admission and the application process. These virtual appointments are open to all prospective transfer students.
Sign Up Here
Diagnostic Ultrasound Virtual Workshops and Information Sessions
Seattle University offers a series of workshops that will prepare you to submit your Transfer Diagnostic Ultrasound application.
Sign Up Here
Get in Touch
We’re here to help. For questions about Admission Events, contact:
Admissions Office
admissionsevents@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8040