URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/financial-aid--scholarships/financial-aid
TITLE: Financial Aid | Financial Aid & Scholarships | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Your Simplified Path to Financial Aid
Secure your future with student financial aid. Explore funding options, and learn how to apply for financial assistance at Seattle University.
Admissions & Aid
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Financial Aid
Streamlined for Success
At Seattle University, you need to submit just one financial aid application to be considered for most financial aid opportunities.
Filing the
FAFSA
(or
WASFA
for undocumented students) can feel a little tough the first time you do it, but Student Financial Services is here to help, and it gets easier every year after that!
FAFSA School Code:
003790
Early Action Priority Deadline:
December 1st
Regular Decision Deadline:
February 1st
Reliable & Stable Funding
Funding an education is a multi-year investment, and we help you plan like it. Continuously enrolled, full-time, first-year students who maintain satisfactory academic progress, can expect that the amount of
university gift aid and scholarships
received the first year
will remain constant for each year of the student's eligibility
for all four years.
Transfer students who are continuously enrolled full-time can expect that the amount of university gift aid and scholarships received the first year will remain constant for through completion of a 4-year program.
Learn more about our
Institutional Gift Aid Guarantee
.
Support During the Process
Our Student Financial Services office is here to help you navigate financial aid before you get to campus—and every year after that. You’re not alone! Nine out of ten undergraduate students receive some form of financial aid.
Seattle University is committed to using the principles and standards of the
College Cost Transparency Initiative
in its student financial aid offer.
Cost of Attendance
See the estimated costs—including tuition, food, housing and fees—to attend.
Undergraduate Cost of Attendance
Graduate Cost of Attendance
Learn More About Tuition and Fees
For Your Education
Reliable Support
98%
OF UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS RECEIVED AID (2025–26)
From merit scholarships to award packages, Seattle University supports your success.
75%
OF GRADUATE STUDENTS RECEIVE FINANCIAL AID
You have financial support available as you make an investment in your career.
$51K
AVERAGE FINANCIAL AWARD FOR FIRST-YEAR STUDENTS
The average financial aid award package offers a lot of financial support each year.
Get Started
How to Apply for Aid
Dive into how to apply for financial aid.
How To Apply For Aid
Financial Aid FAQs
Find answers to common questions about financial aid.
FAQs
Financial Literacy
Explore support for building a strong financial future.
Financial Literacy
Forms and Resources
Find important forms and documents related to financial aid.
Forms and Documents
Award Disclosures & Cost Worksheets
Estimated Out-of-Pocket Costs Worksheet
(Undergraduate Students must be logged into their mySeattleU account to access)
Conditions of Award and Student Responsibilities
Private Loan Code of Conduct and Policy on Preferred Lenders
Get in Touch
We’re here to help. For questions or more information about financial aid contact:
Student Financial Services
Vi Hilbert Hall, 2nd floor
Monday–Friday 9:30am–4:00pm
Drop-in Counselors available 10:00am–3:00pm
financialservices@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8020