URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/international-admissions/contact
TITLE: Contact | International Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Contact International Admissions
Find contact information for the International Admissions office and staff — both Undergraduate and Graduate.
Admissions & Aid
International Admissions
Contact
We are here to help you through the entire application and admissions process. You can contact our admissions team for help with applying to Seattle University, admissions standards, supporting documents, financial documentation and planning your arrival.
Office Location and Hours
Both Undergraduate and Graduate Admissions are located on the first floor of
Vi Hilbert Hall
, marked HILB on the
campus map
and located at East Madison Street and Madison Court.
Monday–Friday: 9 a.m.–4:30 p.m.
Holiday Office Closures
Juneteenth: June 19, 2025
Independence Day: July 4, 2025
Labor Day: September 1, 2025
Veterans Day: November 11, 2025
Thanksgiving Break: November 26–28, 2025
Christmas Break: December 23, 2025–January 2, 2026
Martin Luther King Jr. Day: January 19, 2026
Presidents’ Day: February 16, 2026
Easter Break: April 3–5, 2026
Memorial Day: May 26, 2026
We may have periodic office closures throughout the year for campus wide or internal events. Please check with us before visiting campus.
Connect with Your Admissions Counselor
At Seattle University, we want the personalized education you experience to begin in the admissions process. Our counselors can help you with the international admissions process and answer questions related to your application.
Admissions Counselors for International Students
Contact Grad Programs Directly
Find the office phone number for your grad program.
Graduate Admissions
Visit Campus
Find out what makes the Redhawk experience unique.
Undergraduate Visit Opportunities
Schedule a campus tour, extended visit or group visit. Meet with an admissions counselor and get the full Seattle University experience!
Graduate Visit Opportunities
Get a personalized tour of Seattle University, ask questions about the admissions process and learn more about your graduate program.
Virtual Tour
Get a sneak peek of all there is to discover and explore through a virtual campus tour.