URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/financial-aid--scholarships/scholarships--grants/undergraduate/fachex-and-tuition-exchange
TITLE: FACHEX and Tuition Exchange | Undergraduate | Scholarships & Grants | Financial Aid & Scholarships | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

FACHEX and Tuition Exchange
Learn more about FACHEX and Tuition Exchange at Seattle University
Admissions & Aid
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Scholarships & Grants
Undergraduate
FACHEX and Tuition Exchange
Financial Award Benefits for Partner College & University Employees
Seattle University participates in reciprocal financial awards for eligible faculty and staff employed at partnering colleges and universities.
Tuition Exchange Award
Tuition Exchange (TE) is a reciprocal scholarship opportunity for eligible faculty and staff dependents at 700+ individual member schools. To learn more about Tuition Exchange and participating schools, please visit the
TE website
.
Faculty & Staff Children Exchange (FACHEX)
The Faculty & Staff Children Exchange is a Tuition Exchange award for dependents of faculty and staff employed at Jesuit universities and colleges in the U.S. More information and guidelines for the FACHEX program can be found on the
AJCU website
.
Stay Up to Date
If you'd like to stay up to date on announcements regarding FACHEX or Tuition Exchange, complete this short interest form
Sign up for FACHEX/TE Updates
Frequently Asked Questions
How do I apply for Tuition Exchange and/or FACHEX at Seattle University?
Your legal guardian must contact the Human Resources Department at the institution where they are employed. The HR representatives at their home institution will provide next steps for the application process, which may include an application on the general Tuition Exchange portal. You and your guardian will need to include Seattle University on your list of schools for you to be considered.
It is important for you and your guardian to submit your Tuition Exchange application by January 31 of the year you plan to attend Seattle University. For instance, if your start term is Fall 2024, your application deadline is January 31, 2024.
Submit your Seattle University admissions application. First-year applicants use the Common Application, and transfer applicants use the Seattle University Transfer Application.
Eligible first-year applicants must apply no later than the Regular Decision deadline of January 15 for consideration.
Eligible transfer applicants must apply by February 1 for consideration.
What is the timeline for receiving the Tuition Exchange or FACHEX award?
After submitting your application to Seattle University and your application to the Tuition Exchange program, you're finished with the application process!
Decisions for all tuition exchange awards are released in mid-March, typically at least one week after the release of Regular Decision admissions notifications. All applicants for Tuition Exchange will be notified if they have been offered the award, offered a spot on our alternate list, or are no longer being considered.
If you are offered a FACHEX/TE award, you will have until May 1 (or 30 days after the date of your admission, whichever is later) to confirm your enrollment at Seattle University. However, we will provide a "Confirm Your Interest" deadline; please let us know you are still considering SU to avoid a withdrawal of your tuition exchange offer.
If you are offered a FACHEX/TE alternate spot, complete the interest form provided to you to claim your spot on the alternate list. We strongly encourage you to complete the interest form; we have been able to offer the award to students on the alternate list in the past.
How many awards are given out each year?
The number of awards is determined by the University each year. In the last few years, it has ranged from 8 - 10. We anticipate similar award numbers in the future.
How will applicants be notified?
Applicants will receive a status update message via email prompting them to log into their Redhawk Applicant Portal to review their decision.
How much is the award?
This is a full tuition scholarship; it covers the full cost of tuition.
Any merit scholarship and/or other aid from Seattle University cannot stack above the full cost of tuition. If you receive other aid from Seattle Univeristy, it cannot be used for other expenses, such as room, board, or fees.
Outside scholarships from other sources are able to stack on top of the Tuition Exchange scholarship up to the full cost of attendance.
How are award recipients selected?
Members of the Admissions team employ a holistic review of each application, taking into consideration academics, mission fit, demonstrated interest, and other institutional goals.
Do I need to complete the FAFSA?
Yes, the FAFSA is required for consideration for Tuition Exchange/FACHEX. For more resources and information about filing the FAFSA, please visit Student Financial Services.
Is this a four-year scholarship?
First-year applicants are eligible for FACHEX/TE for four years, provided the student's guardian maintains eligibility requirements.
For transfer applicants, the length of time will depend on the number of transfer credits for the transfer student dependent.
Are current students eligible for this scholarship?
Current students are eligible for the Tuition Exchange scholarship; however, the most common recipients of FACHEX/TE awards are first-year, new students.
Get in Touch
We’re here to help. For information about FACHEX and TE at Seattle University contact:
Ruby Berliner
Senior Admissions Counselor
berlinerruby@seattleu.edu
(206) 296-2151