URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/graduate-admissions/how-to-apply
TITLE: How to Apply | Graduate Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

How to Apply
Our holistic review process ensures we see the whole person you are, empowering you to become a principled leader with an enduring impact.
Admissions & Aid
Graduate Admissions
How to Apply
Ready to Take the Next Step?
Follow these steps to begin your graduate application and collect all your necessary supporting materials. Whether you need a mailing address for documentation or a link to your required application, you can find that here. We can't wait to get your application and thoughtfully consider it.
Of course, if you have any questions during the application process, you can search the
FAQs
or contact us for a personalized answer to your question.
Let’s Begin
When you apply to Seattle University, your application will be considered carefully, thoughtfully and holistically.
We use an online application during our admissions process. Some graduate programs may require essays, resumes and recommendations as part of the online application—others may not.
Please consult the program web page for more information on what to prepare for your online application.
Find your program
.
Already Know What to Do?
If you have already read the steps below, go ahead and get started with your application.
Apply Now
Step 1: Start the Process
Begin Application
Create your account and start your application:
Degree-seeking students:
Apply Now
Non-degree seeking students:
Non-matriculated Graduate Application
School of Law: Please see
Law School Admissions
for more details.
See
screenshots and explanations
to help you fill out the application.
Step 2: Review Application Requirements
See Application Checklist
Explore what you need to include in your graduate application.
Please note that applicants to the Seattle University School of Law have a different set of admissions requirements. Please see Law School Admissions for more details.
The following should be sent directly to Graduate Admissions:
Completed application for Graduate Admissions
.
Apply Now.
Transcripts:
Official or unofficial copies of transcripts, degree certificates and exam score reports for every school attended as well as any post-baccalaureate credits. You may upload the unofficial transcript(s) for your institution(s) within the Academic History tab of the application. You may also upload the transcript(s) following the submission of your application via your Status Page. Upon an offer of admission, you will be required to submit official copies of provisional documents within your first quarter of enrollment. Exceptions to the policy are noted with the degree requirements.
Test Scores:
Students who have earned degrees from institutions issuing non-graded transcripts or a three-year degree must submit ofﬁcial results from GRE (Code 4695) or GMAT (Code 5613). An admission test is optional for all other programs so the applicant determines if test scores will strengthen the competitiveness of their application. Test scores must be sent directly from the testing agency. Some programs will require that speciﬁc documents be sent directly to the department.
Program-Specific Requirements:
All other documents required by your program of interest. Please consult the program page for your program of interest for more specific application requirements.
Find your program
.
Mailing Address
Unless otherwise noted by the program you’re applying to, all application materials not submitted through the online application should be sent to the following address:
Office of Graduate Admissions
Seattle University
901 12th Avenue
P.O. Box 222000
Seattle, WA 98122-1090
Email us
Please note that there are additional requirements for international students, as well as readmission and non-degree seeking students.
Admissions Deadlines
All application materials should be received by speciﬁc program application priority deadlines to receive full consideration. Late applicants will be reviewed on a space available basis.
Priority Deadlines
Step 3: Finish Your Application
Submit Application
When your online application is complete, you can officially apply to Seattle University! You may submit the application before documents from outside sources are submitted, for example, recommendations, official exam scores, official transcripts etc.
Step 4: Check Your Application Status
See Where Your Application is in the Review Process
Congratulations! You’ve applied to Seattle University, and we are carefully reviewing your application. You can check your application status by logging into the
student application portal
.
We consider your application complete and ready for review when we receive all required documents.
We’ll reach out if we need more information.
Get in Touch
We’re here to help. For Graduate Admissions questions, contact:
Office of Graduate Admissions
grad-admissions@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8010