URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/graduate-admissions/faqs
TITLE: FAQs | Graduate Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Graduate Admissions Questions
Find answers to your graduate admissions questions with our FAQs. We're here to support your path to becoming a successful professional.
Admissions & Aid
Graduate Admissions
FAQs
Find the answer to your question! We’ve collected a list of commonly asked questions and their answers to help you finish your application and know what to expect from our graduate programs.
If you don’t see the answer to your question below, please
email graduate admissions
so we can help you navigate the application process. We're happy to discuss application materials, choosing a program, orientation or anything else you have in mind.
Where should application materials be sent?
All application materials not submitted with the online application should be sent to the following address:
Office of Graduate Admission
Seattle University
901 12th Avenue
P.O. Box 222000
Seattle, WA 98122-1090
grad-application@seattleu.edu
What if supporting materials are received before my application?
If we receive supporting materials, such as transcripts before, receiving your application, we will add them to your applicant record to await the submission of your application.
How should transcripts be received by the Office of Graduate Admissions?
We can use unofficial copies of your transcripts for admission purposes which you can upload through the online application portal. If admitted, you must submit copies of your official transcripts before the end of your first quarter. Failure to do so will result in a hold on your ability to register for second quarter courses. To be considered official, transcripts must be received in a sealed envelope from the college or university. Transcripts may be delivered to our office via the applicant as long as it remains in its original unopened university envelope. We also accept official electronic transcripts sent directly from the institution or their service provider.
Do you require GRE and GMAT scores for admission?
GRE and GMAT scores are optional in most circumstances. Test scores are required from any applicant who does not have at least 2 years of graded coursework from which to calculate a GPA. Seattle University’s GRE & TOEFL code is 4695 and GMAT code is 5613.
Do you accept 3-year degrees?
We require an exam in order to recognize three-year degrees regardless of whether the program you are applying to requires an exam. You can read our 3-year degree policy:
Three-Year Baccalaureate Degree
.
How is my GPA calculated?
The grade point average for admission consideration into a master’s program or graduate certificate is based upon cumulative coursework associated with the most recently completed bachelor’s or graduate degree. The grade point average from the last 90 quarter/60 semester credits earned at the undergraduate or graduate level may be substituted if a bachelor’s degree is in progress.
How will I be notified regarding the status of my application and the admission decision?
When you submit your application you will be given a link to your applicant status page. Through this page you can monitor your application status. When an admissions decision has been made, you will receive an email with instructions.
If English is not my native language, do I need to take a proficiency exam?
Yes, you must take a proficiency exam unless you have:
Earned a bachelor’s degree or higher from a regionally accredited institution in the United States or other designated country.
The medium of your instruction for your degree was English.
You have satisfied the requirement through another approved method.
You can read our
English proficiency policy
.
Does Seattle University provide a transcript request form to order the necessary transcripts?
No, we do not have a form that allows applicants to authorize transcripts to be sent to us. Transcript ordering procedures vary from one institution to another and we suggest you familiarize yourself with the requirements for your institution(s) to ensure that we can be sent official transcripts in a timely fashion.
How can I update my application and/or contact information?
If your plans change and you need to move your application to a different term, please complete the form found
here
. You may also contact our office at
grad-admissions@seattleu.edu
or 1-206-220-8010.
Is there an orientation program for graduate students?
You will receive an invitation to participate in a Seattle University orientation. Contact your program for more information about department orientations and advising.
I’ve been admitted. How will I be contacted about financial aid?
Information regarding your financial aid award will be communicated through your Seattle University email account. Do not hesitate to contact our Student Financial Services Office at 1-206-220-8020 or
financialservices@seattleu.edu
with any financial aid questions.
I’m a new international student, and I have questions about my visa. Who can help me?
We’re happy to help! Please email us at
grad-international@seattleu.edu
for assistance with your visa and status questions.
Get in Touch
We’re here to help. For Graduate Admissions questions, contact:
Office of Graduate Admissions
grad-admissions@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8010