URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/international-admissions/international-undergraduate
TITLE: International Undergraduate | International Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

International Undergraduate Admissions
Discover limitless opportunities with our top-tier bachelor's degree programs.
Admissions & Aid
International Admissions
International Undergraduate
Seattle University Welcomes Students from Across the Globe
In order to facilitate a seamless application process, we've provided detailed information regarding important dates to keep your application on schedule, along with step-by-step guidance to help navigate the admissions and immigration process. Additionally, you'll discover a valuable two-year roadmap to aid in your preparation.
Visit Seattle University Virtually
Review the Admissions Requirements
Academics
Applications are reviewed holistically to consider many factors. For specific program requirements, please review the program’s admissions requirements. Competitive applicants typically have the equivalent of a 3.0 grade-point average or higher on a U.S.-based 4.0 scale.
Transfer applicants from other colleges or universities may have specific prerequisite requirements. Check your program’s transfer requirements for more details.
Find your program
.
Make Your Plan - Transfer Planning Guides for Your Major
.
Transcripts
Applicants should provide copies of transcripts/grade reports for the equivalent of US grades 9-11, and grade 12 if it has been completed. We recognize that grade 9 is considered middle school/lower secondary in many countries; however, we still would like to see transcripts for at least 3 years of coursework. If you are from a country with a national exam system (e.g. GCSE/IGCSE, WAEC, KCSE, Gaokao, Indian Boards), please send copies of those results as well. Copies of academic records are accepted for admission decision purposes; however, official documents will be required after admission and before enrolling at the university.” (“Official” documents are those that are sent directly to Seattle University from the issuing institution.) Please address any questions to
international@seattleu.edu
.
Letters of Recommendation
First year applicants will provide two letters of recommendation — one from a classroom teacher and one from a school counselor or other school official. Be sure to include your recommenders' names and contact information on your Common Application.
Declaration of Finances for F-1 and J-1 Students
F-1 applicants will be asked to complete a pre-financial information form as part of their application for admission. This form provides us with information about your plans and available resources for financing your education but does not require evidence of finances.
Students who have been admitted to Seattle University and have confirmed their decision to enroll will be asked to complete a Declaration of Finances form and to submit bank statements showing financial resources to cover at least one year of costs. This is a U.S. government requirement before an I-20 (F-1s) or DS-2019 (J-1s) can be issued. More information will be provided after the point of admission.
Optional SAT & ACT Tests
Seattle University does not require international first-year or transfer applicants to submit ACT or SAT scores. Sufficiently high critical reading and writing scores (500+ for the SAT and 20+ for the ACT) can enhance an application and will be accepted in lieu of the TOEFL/IELTS/Duolingo/PTE to demonstrate English proficiency.
English Proficiency for Undergraduate Students
Applicants for whom English is not a first/native language must demonstrate English Proficiency regardless of English language studies, academic history, residence in the United States or other English-speaking countries or immigration status.
How to Meet Our English Proficiency Requirement
Seattle University maintains the right to require English Proficiency testing when deemed necessary. The most recent demonstration of English Proficiency (i.e. test scores or course work, as per the policies described below) will be counted toward the English Proficiency requirement, regardless of whether previous scores are higher. Following the submission of English Proficiency score reports, requests for testing waivers will not be considered.
Exam Options
English proficiency may be met through any of the tests listed below.
The chart below outlines the English proficiency requirements for general admission as well as admission to the
English Language and Cultural Bridge (ELCB) program
. Both score requirements are listed below.
Admission with ELCB Requirement
Exempt from ELCB Requirement
TOEFL
68–85 iBT
86 iBT
IELTS
minimum 6.0
6.5
ELS
Not applicable
Complete Level 112 with 3.0 GPA
Pearson Test of English/Academic
48–57
58
Duolingo
105–115
120
SAT
(2016+)
Not applicable
500 in Evidence-Based Reading and Writing
ACT
Not applicable
20+ in both reading and English
Students with scores in the English Language and Cultural Bridge (ELCB) range will take diagnostic tests on the first day of classes at Seattle University. Some students may have their ELCB requirement waived based on the results of those diagnostic tests.
TOEFL “My Best Score”, IELTS “One Skill Retake”, and SAT superscores are accepted to meet English proficiency.
The most recent demonstration of English proficiency (i.e. test scores or course work) will be counted toward the English Proficiency requirement, regardless of whether previous scores are higher.
Because of their cohort nature and the sequencing of requirements, these programs require proficiency above the level that includes the addition of ELCB classes:
Nursing
Diagnostic Ultrasound
Business and Law (3+3)
Criminal Justice/Specialization in Law (3+3)
Additional Exam-Based Options
Applicants who have been enrolled in the Cambridge curriculum and have completed one of the following courses (with the minimum grade required) will have met the English proficiency requirement:
GCSE/IGCSE/GCE Ordinary Level
English with final grade of “C”/5
English First Language with final grade of “C”/5
English Language with final grade of “C”/5
English as a Second Language with final grade of “B”/6; for students who took IGCSE English as a Second Language (0510) pre-2024, a score of 1 or 2 on the speaking endorsement is required.
Note that IGCSE English as an Additional Language is not accepted.
GCE AS level/A level/AICE
English Language and Literature with final or predicted grade of “C
English General Paper with final or predicted grade of “C”
English Language with final or predicted grade of “C
Applicants from West African countries who have taken the WAEC or NECO exam (Ghana, Liberia, The Gambia, Nigeria, Sierra Leone) will have met English proficiency if their WAEC/NECO English subject score is C4 or higher.
Applicants who have been enrolled in the International Baccalaureate Diploma Program (IBDP) and have completed one of the following courses (with the minimum grade required) will have met the English proficiency requirement:
English A: Literature: with grade of 4+
English A: Language and Literature: with grade of 4+
English Literature and Performance: with grade of 4+
English B:  with grade of 4 (HL) or 5 (SL)
Applicants who have completed an English Language and Composition or English Literature and Composition Advanced Placement (AP) course in a U.S. or U.S.-accredited school and who have scored 3, 4, or 5 on the AP examination will have met English proficiency.
Other Ways to Provide Proof of English Proficiency
Post-Baccalaureate Applicants
: Post-baccalaureate applicants who have earned a bachelor’s or advanced degree at Seattle University or at a recognized/accredited college or university in the U.S. or in any of the above exempted countries will be considered to have met the English proficiency requirement.
Transfer Applicants
: Students transferring from a U.S. regionally accredited college or university may use college-level English composition to satisfy English proficiency. To meet this exemption requirement, all the following criteria must be met:
45 quarter credits (or equivalent) completed from a regionally accredited US college or university complete at the time of application;
Completion of college-level English composition with a 3.0/B or higher grade; and
Cumulative college-level GPA of 3.0 or higher
ELS Language Center
: Students who have completed level 112 at an ELS Language Center (US centers only) with a 3.0 GPA are considered to have the equivalent to a TOEFL score of 86 and will have met English proficiency.
U.S. High School
(or other English-speaking country): Students who have completed their entire high school curriculum (equivalent of grades 9-12) in a U.S.-accredited high school either in the U.S. or overseas, as well as in the countries listed below, will have the English proficiency requirement waived if all these criteria are met:
Their transcript does not include any ESL/ELL/developmental English coursework;
The high school cumulative unweighted GPA is 3.0/B or better; and
The transcript shows an average of 3.0/B in 4 years of English composition and/or literature courses.
Students who have completed their primary and secondary education in the following countries will be exempt from demonstrating English proficiency:
Anguilla
Guyana
Antigua and Barbuda
Ireland
Australia
Jamaica
Bahamas
Montserrat
Barbados
New Zealand
Belize
St. Kitts and Nevis
Bermuda
St. Lucia
British Virgin Islands
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Canada (English speaking)
Trinidad and Tobago
Cayman Islands
Turks and Caicos
Dominica
United Kingdom
Grenada
U.S. Virgin Islands
Questions about English Proficiency requirements?
Contact international@seattleu.edu.
Application Process for Your Bachelor’s Degree
Step 1: Start the Process
Begin Online Application
First-year students
apply using the Common Application. In addition to the Common Application Personal Statement, students are asked to provide a few short answer responses.
NOTE: If you have completed any post-secondary education after high school graduation, you may
not
apply as a first-year student. Please choose the transfer application.
Apply using the Common Application
Students transferring
from another college or university complete the Seattle University Transfer Application.
Apply using the Transfer Application
Students who have earned a first bachelor’s degree
and are pursing a second bachelor’s degree in a different field are considered “post-baccalaureate” or “post-bacc” applicants. Post-bacc applicants should use the Seattle University Transfer Application.
Apply using the Transfer Application
Application Deadlines
International student applications should be submitted at least 3 months prior to the quarter you wish to enroll to allow for visa processing and travel arrangements.
See
specific deadlines per quarter
for both First-Year and Transfer students.
Step 2: Review & Submit Application Requirements
See Application Checklist and Request Transcripts
In addition to an admissions application, the following materials are required:
Transcripts from all secondary and post-secondary schools attended, including certified English language translations of each transcript.
Transfer students who have completed more than 45 quarter credits/30 semester hours of transferable university-level credit are not required to submit secondary school transcripts.
Unofficial documents from schools outside the United States may be submitted for admission purposes. Official documents will be required after admission and before enrolling at the university.
"Official documents" are those that are sent directly to us from the school or organization that issued them. Such official documents may be sent by postal mail, secure digital transfer formats (such as Parchment or eScript), uploaded via the Common Application by a school counselor or other school official, or sent directly by email from a school-related email address by a school counselor or official.
External examination results (e.g. WAEC, IGCSE, A Levels, KCSE, Indian Boards...) should be included if such examinations are part of the educational system attended by the applicant.
The International Pre-Financial Information Form (a link to this form will be available in the admissions portal after an application form has been submitted).
Proof of English proficiency
.
Letters of recommendation (first year applicants only): one letter from a classroom teacher and one letter from a school counselor or other school official.
Submitting Education Records & Transcripts
Official transcripts should be sent directly from the issuing institution, either by mail or by email. Transcripts must have the official seal or stamp from the issuing institution.
Mailing address:
Seattle University
Admissions Office
901 12th Ave
PO Box 222000
Seattle, WA 98122-1090
admissions@seattleu.edu
Step 3: Finish Your Application
Submit Application and $60 Fee
When your application is complete, you can officially apply to Seattle University.
Undergraduate applicants have a one-time, non-refundable application fee of $60. The fee is waived for those updating applications for subsequent quarters, or who have taken an academic hiatus and are applying for readmission.
Transfer students from Washington State, Oregon, California, or Arizona who are receiving their associate degrees and transferring directly to Seattle University will have their application fee waived.
Step 4: Check Your Application Status
See Where Your Application is in the Review Process
After you submit your application to Seattle University, you’ll receive access to the Redhawk Admissions Portal, where you can view a personalized checklist of required admissions items.
We consider your application complete and ready for review when we receive all required materials from your portal checklist, and we’ll reach out if we need additional information.
See Dates to Keep Your Application on Track
Submit your completed application by the following deadline:
Fall Quarter Deadlines
Classes start in September
First-Year Early Action: November 15
You’ll hear back in mid-December.
First-Year Regular Decision: January 15
You’ll hear back in early March.
Transfer Nursing Admission: December 1
Transfer Diagnostic Ultrasound Admission: February 1
Transfer Priority Admission (all other majors): March 1
Fall Quarter applications submitted after March 1 will be considered on a rolling basis.
The following majors are only available for a Fall Quarter start date:
Nursing
Diagnostic Ultrasound
Business and Law
Criminal Justice/Specialization in Law
Humanities
Humanities for Teaching
Winter Quarter Deadline
Classes start in early January
October 1—recommended deadline for international students
November 1—final deadline
Spring Quarter Deadline
Classes start in late March/early April
January 1—recommended deadline for international students
February 15—final deadline
Summer Quarter
New International Students are not admitted to start in Summer Quarter.
To see more information regarding deadlines, visit our First-Year or Transfer Admissions pages.
First-Year Deadlines and Timeline
Transfer Deadlines and Timeline
Next Steps After Admission
Information for Immigration Next Steps
International students are eligible for their Seattle University issued I-20s after admission. Please allow at least two weeks for processing your I-20 after admission and after all required documents have been received (check your
Redhawk Admissions Portal
checklist).
Admitted international students currently enrolled at U.S. schools will need to request a SEVIS/I-20 transfer from the institution they are departing. Please note that Seattle University’s SEVIS School Code is SEA214F25900000.
You Belong Here
Join a Welcoming Campus
8%
OF SU UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS ARE INTERNATIONAL
Take classes with U.S. and international students from all over the world.
78
Countries are Represented in the SU Student Body
Experience an international and inclusive campus environment in the heart of Seattle.
862
Total International Students Enrolled in 2024
Join a robust international student community across undergraduate, graduate and law programs.
Get in Touch
We’re here to help.
International Undergraduate Admissions
Phone:
1-206-220-8040
Toll-free:
1-800-426-7123
Email:
international@seattleu.edu