URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/financial-aid--scholarships/financial-aid/financial-literacy
TITLE: Financial Literacy | Financial Aid | Financial Aid & Scholarships | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Financial Literacy
Learn about personal finances, and make informed decisions about college expenses.
Admissions & Aid
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Financial Aid
Financial Literacy
Support for Building a Strong Financial Future
Seattle University understands that making choices about paying for college is often the first major financial decision that young adults will make. We are committed to helping students gain the knowledge and access the necessary resources to make the best financial decisions for themselves to make obtaining their degree a reality.
The following financial literacy information helps students understand basic personal finance concepts, learn about student loans and how those are paid back after college, as well as other helpful tools to practice good financial habits.
Budgeting 101
Learn how budgeting can help you make smart financial decisions. Then see how to create and maintain a budget.
Click to play the video
Budgeting
Watch this Budgeting video created by the Federal Student Aid, an Office of the U.S. Dept. of Education.
Go to the previous slide.
Go to the next slide.
Financial Tools
College Scorecard
Find and compare colleges based on costs, graduation rates and the average amount students borrow.
College Scorecard
CashCourse
Free online financial education courses to help you take control of your financial future.
CashCourse
Federal Student Loan Fact Sheet
Check out this fact sheet with important points when considering using federal student loans to help cover the costs of college.
Why Get A Federal Student Loan?
Federal Loan Entrance Counseling
Entrance counseling ensures students understand the terms and conditions of borrowing a loan and your rights and responsibilities.
Federal Loan Entrance Counseling
Federal Loan Repayment
Learn about federal student loan repayment plan options, finding loan history and loan servicers, and making payments.
Federal Loan Repayment
Get in Touch
We’re here to help. For questions or more information about financial aid contact:
Student Financial Services
Vi Hilbert Hall, 2nd floor
Monday–Friday 9:30am–4:00pm
Drop-in Counselors available 10:00am–3:00pm
financialservices@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8020