URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/financial-aid--scholarships/scholarships--grants/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate | Scholarships & Grants | Financial Aid & Scholarships | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Undergraduate Scholarships and Grants
Discover financial aid opportunities at Seattle University. From automatic merit scholarships to full-tuition awards for eligible undergraduate students.
Admissions & Aid
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Scholarships & Grants
Undergraduate
Explore Financial Support for Your Education
Seattle University is committed to making quality education accessible. We offer a comprehensive range of scholarships and grants to support undergraduate students in achieving their academic goals. From automatic merit awards to specialized programs, we're here to help make your Seattle University education affordable.
Scholarships for Undergraduate Students
Merit Awards
First-year, transfer, undocumented and international students who complete an admissions application to Seattle University are automatically considered for merit-based scholarships.
For first-year students, these scholarships are renewable (up to 4 years!). Transfer students with more than 45 credits may receive awards for up to 3 years. Transfer students with less than 45 credits may receive awards for up to 4 years.
Merit scholarships are based on the information in your admissions application — not finances — and are at least $8,000 per year.
100%
of First-Year Students Received Aid (2024–25)
Washington's College Bound Program
Seattle University incoming first-year students enrolled in Washington's College Bound Program may be considered to receive financial aid to cover their full, demonstrated financial need for four years.
Seattle U Bound
Seattle Promise
Seattle University aspires to be the preferred transfer destination for Seattle Promise students. Seattle Promise students enrolled in the Washington State College Bound Scholarship program that complete a DTA or AS-T with a 3.0 or higher cumulative GPA are guaranteed admission. They are also eligible to receive full tuition awards to Seattle University.
Seattle Promise
Additional Undergraduate Scholarship Opportunities
Costco Scholarship
Seattle University is pleased to provide select students with Costco Scholarships.
Costco Scholarship
Rainier Scholars Scholarship Program
In partnership with Rainier Scholars, the Rainier Scholars Scholarship at Seattle University provides financial scholarships and college success counseling.
Rainier Scholars Scholarship
Change Makers
Change Makers at Seattle University is a college and career readiness program for Garfield students and Garfield alumni attending Seattle University. Change Makers who demonstrate academic preparedness and civic engagement in high school receive a 4-year tuition-paid scholarship to study at our institution.
Change Makers
Sullivan Scholarship
Seattle University's Sullivan Scholarship provides comprehensive four-year funding, covering full tuition, room and board, and all academic fees. This prestigious award is granted annually to two exceptional students from Jesuit or Catholic high schools.
Sullivan Scholarship
Fostering Scholars
Fostering Scholars is a full scholarship and program of support awarded to eligible students currently in - or who aged out of - the foster care system. Recipients receive financial, academic and personal support towards the completion of an undergraduate degree at Seattle University.
Fostering Scholars
Passport to Careers
The Washington State Passport to Careers Scholarship provides scholarships and support services to eligible students who have experienced foster care and/or homelessness without a guardian (unaccompanied homelessness).
Passport to Careers
FACHEX and Tuition Exchange
Seattle University participates in Tuition Exchange and FACHEX - scholarship awards for dependents of faculty and staff at partnering colleges and universities. Learn more about the programs.
FACHEX and Tuition Exchange
ROTC
Full tuition scholarships are available, in addition, the university supports room and board grants for all contracted Cadets. A contracted Cadet also receives a $420 per month stipend during the academic year and a $1,200 a year stipend for books and fees.
ROTC
Naef Scholarship
The Naef Scholarship Program supports rising juniors and seniors at Seattle University who are committed to social justice, providing need-based awards of $3,000 or $4,500. Established through an endowment from Sue M. Naef's estate, the program recognizes outstanding students from diverse backgrounds and fosters a community of peer engagement.
Naef Scholarship
Outside Scholarships
Scholarships from other sources, referred to as "Outside Scholarships", are scholarships that students receive from organizations other than Seattle University.
Outside Scholarships
SU Departmental Scholarships
Many undergraduate departments at Seattle University offer program-specific scholarships based on merit or financial need. Explore each college or school's website to learn about eligibility and how to apply.
Browse by School and College
Albers School of Business & Economics
College of Arts & Sciences
College of Nursing & Health Sciences
College of Science & Engineering
Cornish College of the Arts
Grants for Undergraduate Students
Grants are available from federal, state, institutional sources.
Federal Grants
Federal Pell Grant
Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant
State Grants and Scholarships
Washington College Grant
Changes to the Washington College Grant
Washington College Bound
Institutional Grants
Seattle University Grants
Get in Touch
We’re here to help. For questions or more information about financial aid contact:
Student Financial Services
Vi Hilbert Hall, 2nd floor
Monday–Friday 9:30am–4:00pm
Drop-in Counselors available 10:00am–3:00pm
financialservices@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8020