URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/graduate-admissions
TITLE: Graduate Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Graduate Admissions
Sharpen your expertise. Expand your influence. Strengthen your reach with a graduate program designed to advance your career.
Apply Now
Transform Your Career And the World Around You
Elevate your future with a graduate degree from Seattle University that’s designed for driven students and working professionals ready to lead meaningful change. Located in the heart of Seattle’s innovation hub, our programs empower you to turn ambition into impact, flexibility into opportunity and knowledge into action.
Attend a Information Session
Meet a knowledgeable admissions representative, and get answers to your questions about the program, the application process and more.
Sign Up for a Session
Find the Graduate Program That Moves You Forward
Where Bold Futures Begin
Choose from over 50 graduate programs at Seattle University—delivered full time, part time, on campus, online and in hybrid formats. Our flexible, high-impact degrees are built to fuel your ambition and prepare you to lead in a rapidly changing world.
Search Graduate Programs
50+
Master’s, Doctorate and Certificates Programs
MBA, JD, MSCS, MFA, DNP and more.
Wherever You Are, Your Master’s Starts Here
Pursue a purpose-driven career on your terms. Our highly respected online graduate programs offer the flexibility you need with the impact you want.
Explore Online Degrees
In the Best Global Tech City
Top-Rated Programs
#1
BEST PROFESSIONAL OPPORTUNITIES FOR STEM GRADUATES
Set yourself up for success in the top city for STEM professionals (WalletHub 2025).
Top 16% WALL STREET JOURNAL/TIMES HIGHER EDUCATION
The Wall Street Journal ranked Seattle University in the top 16% of all universities.
TOP 30 GRADUATE PROGRAMS BY U.S. NEWS & WORLD REPORT
Experience how Seattle University helps you take your career to the next level.
Shape Your Future, One Step at a Time
Application Deadlines
Find your program’s deadlines and keep your application on track and on time.
Program Deadlines
Turn Ambition Into Action
Start your application by following these simple steps.
How to Apply
Experience Seattle University for Yourself
Explore our green 50-acre campus in the heart of First Hill. Join us for a personalized campus tour, attend an on-campus event, or connect from anywhere with a virtual info session.
Schedule a Visit
Build Your Network. Sharpen Your Skills.
Whether you're studying full-time or part-time, Seattle University offers dynamic opportunities to connect with peers, collaborate with professionals, and grow the skills that set you apart in your field.
Graduate Student Life
What Our
Graduates Say
Dayna Eden, ’16 Leadership Executive MBA
“We weren’t just being taught how to write a pro forma or how to do statistical regression; we learned how to be better human beings through our leadership. This program changed my life, truly. It made me a better person and a better professional.”
Chief People Officer, Aviation Technical Services
Contact Us
Questions? The admissions office is ready to hear from you. Contact us, and we’ll be happy to assist you in any way during this process.
Office of Graduate Admissions
grad-admissions@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8010