URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/financial-aid--scholarships/scholarships--grants/undergraduate/sullivan-scholars/applying-to-the-program
TITLE: Applying to the Program | Sullivan Scholars | Undergraduate | Scholarships & Grants | Financial Aid & Scholarships | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Scholarship Application Process
Learn more about applying to the Sullivan Scholarship.
Admissions & Aid
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Scholarships & Grants
Undergraduate
Sullivan Scholars
Applying to the Program
Application by Invitation
Your application for the Sullivan Scholarship starts with your application to Seattle University. Applicants who attend Jesuit and Catholic high schools and meet scholarship criteria (3.7+ GPA with rigorous coursework, demonstrated leadership in application) will be invited to submit a supplementary application in January for Sullivan Scholarship consideration. The Admissions Office will first notify students who have been selected to move forward in scholarship consideration in January.
Sullivan Scholarship Application Timeline
Application available by late November
Invited applicants will access the application in their
Redhawk Admissions Portal
Sullivan Scholars Application Due: March 1
Frequently Asked Questions
What is the Sullivan Scholars Program?
The Sullivan Scholars Program has been empowering top students for over 35 years. This full-tuition scholarship isn't just about financial support, it's about preparing scholars for leadership and postgraduate opportunities like the Fulbright, Rhodes and more.
Currently, the Sullivan Scholars Program offers two full scholarships - including tuition, housing and meals - available to students attending Catholic school throughout the world
. Sullivan Scholars become part of a close-knit community that values mentorship, academic excellence, and a drive to make a difference.
What are the requirements?
To be invited to apply for the Sullivan Scholars Program, you must be enrolled at a Catholic or Jesuit high school. Most selected scholars have a cumulative, unweighted GPA of 3.7 or higher with challenging coursework. Beyond academics, Sullivan Scholars stand out for their leadership and dedication to service, community, and global engagement.
You'll need to submit your Common Application by January 15 to be considered.
Select admitted students will be invited to submit a scholarship application.
Students are not required to visit campus as part of the Sullivan Scholarship application process.
How do I apply?
The first step to becoming a Sullivan Scholar is submitting your Common Application to Seattle University by January 15. Select admitted students will receive a supplementary application in January within the Redhawk Admissions Portal. We'll follow up with the next steps for those selected to continue in the process.
How is this different than the former Sullivan Leadership Award process?
How is this different than the former Sullivan Leadership Award process?
Seattle University has committed to expanding the institution's focus on student financial aid and - specifically - reducing the unmet financial need of the students we enroll. This commitment led to a reimagining of our long-standing Sullivan Leadership Award program, and in 2024, we sunset the award's on-campus visit and competition element.
Today, two scholarships are available, limited to applicants with strong academic records (usually 3.7+) who attend Jesuit and Catholic high schools. The Admissions Office will invite eligible applicants to complete an application for the Sullivan Scholarship in January. There is no requirement to visit campus as part of the program.
What if I have questions?
If you have questions about the Sullivan Scholar application process, please
contact your Admissions Counselor
.