URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/visit-tour
TITLE: Visit & Tour | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Visit & Tour
Discover Seattle University—a vibrant institution located in the heart of Seattle and a short walk to the downtown core and waterfront.
Find out what makes the Redhawk experience unique
Undergraduate Visit Opportunities
Schedule a campus tour, check out an Admissions event or sign up for a group visit. Meet with an admissions counselor, explore the neighborhood and get the full Seattle University experience!
Campus Visit Opportunities
First-Year Events
Transfer Events
Schedule a Campus Tour
Graduate Visit Opportunities
Get a personalized tour of Seattle University, ask questions about the admissions process and learn more about your graduate program.
Graduate Visit Opportunities
Schedule a Campus Tour
Virtual Tour
Get a sneak peek of all there is to discover and explore through a virtual campus tour.
Virtual Tour
Plan Your Visit
Find helpful tips about visiting our campuses, including travel info, directions, parking and more.
Plan Your Visit
Excellence
in the Heart of Seattle
2
SEATTLE CAMPUSES
On First Hill, explore a 50-acre park-like campus. Nearby, the South Lake Union campus offers a four-acre urban hub with modern artistic spaces.
140+
UNDERGRADUATE, GRADUATE AND CERTIFICATE PROGRAMS
Find the academic programs that ignite your passion and help you make a difference.
11:1
Student-to-Faculty Ratio
Small classes led by talented faculty to foster active learning, an SU hallmark.
Contact Us
We’re here to help. For information about Seattle University, contact:
Admissions Office
Phone: 1-206-220-8040
Toll-free: 1-800-426-7123
Visit Email:
visit@seattleu.edu
Office Email:
admissions@seattleu.edu
Office of Graduate Admission
Phone: 1-206-220-8010
Toll-free: 1-800-426-7123
Visit Email:
visit@seattleu.edu
Office Email:
grad-admissions@seattleu.edu
Ask a Student
Want to hear from a current student's perspective? Email your questions to askastudent@seattleu.edu.
askastudent@seattleu.edu