URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/visit-tour/undergraduate-visits-and-tours
TITLE: Undergraduate Visits and Tours | Visit & Tour | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Undergraduate Visits and Tours
Schedule a visit today!
Admissions & Aid
Visit & Tour
Undergraduate Visits and Tours
Campus Visits
Check Out our Campuses and Ask Your Questions
Visit in person or attend an event to see how Seattle University’s undergraduate programs help you start your career and live your purpose.
Experience for Yourself
Walk among our sustainable grounds, visit our award-winning architecture and get to know why thousands of students choose Seattle University. We’re happy to welcome you and your family for a visit.
Schedule a Visit
Explore Seattle University at Admissions Events
Join us for an admissions event to learn about academics, admissions, financial aid and campus life.
First-Year Admissions Events
Transfer Admissions Events
Meet with an Admissions Counselor
Want to discuss the admissions process one-on-one? Get all your admissions and Seattle University questions answered via a 30-minute in-person meeting with an Admissions Counselor.
Set Up Meeting
Self-Guided Campus Tours
Want to check out one of our campuses on your own? All Seattle University visitors—virtual or in-person—are welcome to access the self-guided tour experience.
Register Here
Virtual Tours
Not able to visit in person? We’re happy to offer you an interactive view of our campus, so you can get to know the grounds and see inside buildings without ever leaving your chair.
Start a Virtual Tour
Connect Virtually
If you’re not able to join us in person, you can sign up for a virtual information session, event or appointment with your counselor.
Sign Up for a Virtual Information Session
Tips to Make the Most of Your Campus Visit
Visiting a college is crucial to making your final decisions on which university you will ultimately attend. Here are some helpful tips to make the most of your visit to Seattle University.
Explore the Neighborhood
Discover our vibrant neighborhoods and their dynamic food, coffee and music scene; there are dozens of current student favorites within just a few blocks of both campuses.
Eat on the First Hill Campus
Grab a bite to eat at one of the First Hill
on-campus eateries
. Our student employees also love to recommend their favorite neighborhood lunch spots; be sure to ask during your tour.
Read the School Newspaper
Pick up a copy of
The Spectator
to catch what’s Redhawks are up to on campus.
Plan Your Visit
Find helpful tips about visiting our campuses, including travel info, directions, parking and more.
Plan Your Visit
Get in Touch
We’re here to help. For information about Campus Tours, contact:
Admissions Office
admissions@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8040