URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/undergraduate-admissions/first-year-admissions/university-honors
TITLE: University Honors | First-Year Admissions | Undergraduate Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

University Honors Program
Discover a world of academic excellence and innovation through Seattle University's Honors Program.
Admissions & Aid
Undergraduate Admissions
First-Year Admissions
University Honors
Elevate Your Academic Journey
For more than fifty years, Seattle University has provided students of high ability and motivation the opportunity to join a small, select learning community dedicated to the study of the great books and ideas that have shaped the development of our world.
If you are a genuinely curious and dedicated student and you want a highly challenging approach to a liberal arts education, then the University Honors Program might be right for you. University Honors students have gone on to become Rhodes, Truman and Fulbright scholars. They have studied all over the world and gained admittance to top graduate programs in various fields.
Check out the
University Honors Program website
to learn more about our three distinctive tracks and eligibility requirements.
Application and Selection Process
Select, high-achieving students are invited to apply for the University Honors Program. Competitive applicants have a minimum GPA of 3.5.
The University Honors Program application is available for invited students in the Redhawk Admissions Portal after their Common Application is submitted and processed.
To apply for the Fall cohort, first submit your Common Application no later than January 15. Eligible students will be invited to apply.
University Honors Program Application Deadlines
November 25: Honors Priority Deadline 1
January 25: Honors Priority Deadline 2
Applications received after January 25 will be considered on a space-available basis. For additional questions about the application, please email
admissions@seattleu.edu
.
Honors Scholarship
Students admitted to University Honors are eligible for a $1,800 Honors Scholarship, renewable for two years.
Learn More about Honors Scholarships
Get in Touch
We’re here to help. For information about the University Honors Program, contact:
Admissions Office
admissions@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8040