URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/undergraduate-admissions/first-year-admissions/how-to-apply/deadlines
TITLE: Deadlines | How to Apply | First-Year Admissions | Undergraduate Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Admissions Deadlines and Timeline
Keep your application on track and with key dates and admissions process timing.
Admissions & Aid
Undergraduate Admissions
First-Year Admissions
How to Apply
Deadlines
Application Deadlines
You’ll stay ahead of the game and ensure your own peace of mind when you follow the deadlines and admissions timeline below.
Submit your completed application online for the
fall quarter
by the following dates:
Early Action for Fall Quarter: November 15
You’ll hear back in late December.
Regular Decision for Fall Quarter: January 15
You’ll hear back in early March.
For applicants who submit test scores: Your scores must be received by November 15 for Early Action consideration and by January 15 for Regular Decision admission consideration. We will provisionally accept self-reported scores from the Common Application to complete applications. Students submitting self-reported scores must follow up with an official score report to attend.
Hoping to enroll in a different quarter? Check out the application deadlines:
Winter Quarter: November 1
Spring Quarter: February 15
Summer Quarter: May 15
Early Action Explained
If you apply by November 15 and select the
Early Action
decision plan, you'll receive your admission decision by
late December
. Early Action is non-binding. Admitted students will receive financial aid offers from SU by mid-February and have until May 1 to enroll. It’s a great choice if SU is one of your top schools and you want to complete the application process early.
Early Action applicants receive full consideration for admission, scholarships, and special programs.
Regular Decision Explained
Apply by
January 15
and hear back in
early March
. Admitted students will receive financial aid offers from SU by late-March and have until May 1 to enroll. Regular Decision is also non-binding and allows more time to strengthen your application—whether that’s adding updated grades, new achievements, or taking more time to decide.
Regular Decision applicants are fully considered for admission, scholarships, and special programs.
University Honors Program Application Deadlines
High-achieving students who submit applications for admission may be invited to apply for the University Honors Program. Honors program applications are due on the following deadlines:
Honors Priority Deadline 1: November 25
Honors Priority Deadline 2: January 25
Applications received after January 25 will be considered on a space available basis. For additional questions about the application, please email
admissions@seattleu.edu
.
Readmission Application Deadlines
For students who were previously enrolled at Seattle University but took a year or more away from classes, here are the deadlines for reapplying:
Fall Quarter: September 15
Winter Quarter: December 15
Spring Quarter: March 15
Summer Quarter: June 15
Start dates for each quarter can be viewed on our academic calendar.
What does it mean to apply Early Action?
Learn more about the EA Decision Plan.
Early Action Explained
If you apply by November 15 and select the
Early Action
decision plan, you'll receive your admission decision by late December. Early Action is non-binding. Admitted students will receive financial aid offers from SU by mid-February and have until May 1 to enroll. It’s a great choice if SU is one of your top schools and you want to complete the application process early.
Early Action applicants receive full consideration for admission, scholarships, and special programs.
Admissions Timeline
Set Yourself Up for Success
Explore key dates to keep your admissions on track.
Junior Year of High School
Month
To Do
February
If you're not receiving mail from Seattle University,
join our mailing list
. This lets us know that you are serious about Seattle University and keeps you in the loop about how your interests align with the university.
March
Start visiting campus during your spring break. You can arrange a
campus visit
any time of the year here.
Can’t make it to campus? Check out our
virtual tour
.
May/June
Take the
SAT and/or ACT
for the first time if you intend to submit test scores. Seattle University is test optional.
August
Attend Seattle University's
Redhawk SUmmer Fridays
preview event.
Senior Year of High School
Month
To Do
September/October
Meet with the Seattle University representative when they visit your school.
Contact your counselor
for specific dates.
Check email for important updates, event reminders and application waiver information.
Repeat the
SAT or ACT exams
if you intend to submit test scores. Seattle University takes the highest sub-scores from these tests.
Request counselor and teacher recommendation letters on your behalf.
Begin filling out the application online, writing essays and requesting transcripts.
Attend Seattle University's
Fall Preview Day
.
November
November 15: Early Action deadline.
Apply online through the
Common Application
.
Check your ​Redhawk Admissions Portal once you have applied for any missing items and updates to the review process.
Consistently check email for important updates.
December
Early Action applicants should
submit the FAFSA
by December 1.
If you applied for Early Action, you will be notified about admission before winter break via your
Redhawk Admissions Portal
. If you were selected to receive a merit scholarship, you will be notified at the time of your acceptance.
January
January 15: Regular Decision deadline.
Apply online through the
Common Application
.
Work on your
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
in order to receive your best overall aid package.
Admitted Students, plan a visit to campus!
February
Submit the
FAFSA
by February 1.
March
If you completed your application by the Regular Decision deadline, you will be sent an admission decision in
early March
. If you were selected to receive an institutional merit scholarship, you will be notified at the time of your acceptance.
Admitted Student Receptions for out-of-state students begin.
April
Admitted Student Days—these give you another opportunity to meet faculty, staff and current students.
May
National Candidate's Reply Date—enrollment deposits must be postmarked by
May 1
for fall term enrollment at Seattle University.
Summer
Check your Redhawk Admissions Portal for important next steps in the enrollment process.
Orientation and registration for classes begin remotely.
September
Welcome Week and fall quarter begins in late September!
Puts You First
Personalized Education
11:1
Student-to-Faculty Ratio
Small classes led by talented faculty to foster active learning, an SU hallmark.
140+
UNDERGRADUATE, GRADUATE AND CERTIFICATE PROGRAMS
Find the academic programs that ignite your passion and help you make a difference.
96%
Success Rate Within 6 Months of Graduation.
Experience academics that lead to employment or the next level of academic work.
What our students say
—Katie Bradley, '18
“Seattle University provides us with the education for us to go forward and to produce real change. And to shake things up a bit.”
Get in Touch
We’re here to help. For information about Admissions Deadlines, contact:
Admissions Office
admissions@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8040