URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/undergraduate-admissions/first-year-admissions/how-to-apply
TITLE: How to Apply | First-Year Admissions | Undergraduate Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

How to Apply
Explore a holistic, streamlined process for applying to a bachelor’s degree program after high school.
Admissions & Aid
Undergraduate Admissions
First-Year Admissions
How to Apply
Application Materials
Dive into application materials and explore ​​
admissions requirements from high school for your major
.
All first-year applicants are required to submit the following:
Completed
Common Application
with essay, application fee and writing supplements
Official transcripts for all completed coursework
One teacher recommendation
One counselor recommendation/secondary school report
Seattle University is test-optional. If you would like your ACT or SAT results to be considered as part of your application, you will note this on your Common Application and will be required to submit official test scores from the testing agency.
Ready to Apply?
Step 1: Add Seattle University to your Common Application
Start your Common Application and add Seattle University to your “My Colleges” page.
You’ll use your application to tell us a little more about yourself and your experiences inside and outside the classroom.
Start Your Application
First-Year Application Deadlines
Early Action: November 15
Regular Decision: January 15
Timeline & Deadlines
Step 2: Review Admissions Requirements
See
admissions requirements
for the major you’re considering. Admissions requirements include things like course prerequisites in high school, GPA and English language proficiency.
Search Majors
Discover all the majors you could take at Seattle University, and find the one you’re most interested in.
Explore Undergraduate Programs
Step 3: Assemble Required Materials
Check out required application materials and make a plan. A complete application includes the following:
Common Application with completed essays and short answers
Official high school transcripts
One teacher recommendation
One counselor recommendation or school report
Nonrefundable $60 application fee (waivers available)
Students who have earned college credit must also submit official college transcripts
Optional:
ACT or SAT reports
Self-reported scores via the Common Application or scores listed on high school transcripts are accepted.
Please note: If you choose to submit test scores, the writing sections of either test are not required.
Learn more about
applying test-optional
to Seattle University.
Learn more about applying as a
homeschool applicant
,
Running Start applicant
,
Cornish College of the Arts
applicant
or
undocumented applicant
.
Submitting Transcripts
An official transcript is an institution’s certified statement of your academic record. All students applying to Seattle University are required to submit official transcripts from all institutions at which they have earned or attempted college credit.
Official transcripts should be sent directly from the issuing institution, either by mail or by email.
Mailing address:
Seattle University
Admissions Office
901 12th Ave
PO Box 222000
Seattle, WA 98122-1090
Essay Questions & Short Answers
In addition to your Personal Essay on the Common Application, applicants are given the option to complete two short answer essays:
Common Application Short Essay (Optional):
Located in one of the world's top cities for technology and innovation and deeply rooted in 500 years of
Jesuit tradition
, a Seattle University education is innovative, rigorous, global and holistic. We encourage students to challenge preconceived notions, reflect before they react, and strive for the greater good. What is it that drew you to apply to Seattle University? Where do you hope a Seattle University education will take you?
Belonging and Inclusion Short Essay (Optional)
: At Seattle University we are inspired by the diversity of our campus community and are committed to a culture where equity, inclusion and belonging are hallmarks of who we are. Tell us about an experience you have had involving equity, inclusion or belonging—whether through celebration, inspiration, challenge or adversity—and why it was meaningful to you and how it would demonstrate your unique ability to contribute to the university.
MAJOR SPECIFC ESSAYS:
Essay for Nursing Applicants (Required)
: The nursing program is a competitive program that admits students directly to the four-year nursing cohort. The College of Nursing and Health Sciences’ mission is to educate and inspire leaders to transform health care for a just and humane world. Why are you applying to the nursing program at Seattle University and what aspects of the profession uniquely excite you? Please limit your response to 250 words or less.
Essay for Diagnostic Ultrasound Applicants (Required):
The Diagnostic Ultrasound program at Seattle University is a competitive program that admits students directly to the four-year Diagnostic Ultrasound cohort. The College of Nursing and Health Science’s mission is to educate and inspire leaders to transform healthcare for a just and humane world. Why are you applying to the Diagnostic Ultrasound program at Seattle University and what aspects of the profession uniquely excite you? Please limit your response to 250 words or less
Artist Statement for
Cornish College of the Arts
Applicants (Required via Redhawk Admissions Portal)
: Your artist statement is a way to introduce yourself and your work. We are interested in finding out more about you as an individual, your artistic practice, and why you believe Cornish College of the Arts at Seattle University is the right college for you.  Please include information about performances, exhibitions, projects, and any other experiences that have contributed to your work.
More details about audition and portfolio requirement for Cornish applicants can be found on the
Cornish website
.
Step 4: Submit Your Application
You did it! Way to go! We’ll review each part of your application carefully, thoughtfully and holistically. We can’t wait to learn more about your goals and how a Seattle University education can support your vision.
Admissions Decisions Response Timeline
Students who apply by the Early Action deadline will receive an admissions decision through their Redhawk Admissions Portal in mid-December.
Regular Decision applicants will hear back by mid-March.
Students who complete their application after January 15 will be considered on a space-available basis.
Check Your Status & Stay in Touch
When you submit your Common Application to Seattle University, you’ll receive a follow up email to access the Redhawk Admissions Portal.
Your Redhawk Admissions Portal is your one-stop shop to check your application status, review any missing materials and see important updates regarding the admissions process.
During our review process, we’ll reach out if we need more information—or if we would like to invite you to apply for the University Honors program.
Be sure to check the portal regularly for updates.
Application Fee Waivers
The nonrefundable $60 fee can be waived for the following students:
Students who have a sibling, parent or grandparent who graduated from Seattle University
Students who attend or graduated from a Jesuit or Catholic high school
Students who qualify for a  SAT or ACT fee waiver
Students who attend Seattle University's Summer Preview event
Students who participate in the Rainier Scholars program
Students who qualify for a hardship fee waiver via the Common Application
Eligible students will select their appropriate fee waiver in the Common Application.
Applying Test-Optional
Seattle University Admissions employs a test-optional application review process for all first-year applicants. You may choose whether or not you would like to have your ACT or SAT test scores included in the holistic review of your admissions application.
If you choose to submit your test scores, Seattle University will use the highest sub-scores on both the ACT and SAT Reasoning test when making admission and course placement decisions.
International Students
Although international students are not required to submit the SAT or ACT, the Admissions Office recommends you take either exam and submit your scores.
Test Scores of Incoming First-year
1160-1360 SAT Score
Middle 50% Among Admitted Students
24-30 ACT Score
Middle 50% Among Admitted Students
How do I apply test-optional?
Add Seattle University to your schools in the Common Application. When you reach SU’s school-specific portion of the application, you may elect to not report your scores. Adjustments can be made to your test-optional decision until your Common Application is submitted. After you have submitted you cannot change your test-optional status.
How do you​ evaluate applications without standardized test scores?
Admissions employs a holistic review process using transcripts, coursework, grade trend, recommendation letters and other application materials not including SAT or ACT test scores.
If admitted to the university, you will be admitted directly to the program for which you are applying, a pre-advising program or a different major that aligns better with your high school coursework.
Will I be at a disadvantage if I choose not to submit standardized test scores?
No. If you feel that your academics are well-represented without standardized test scores, we will employ a holistic review process using the other elements of your application.
How does financial aid work if I apply without standardized test scores?
If you apply test-optional, consideration for scholarships and financial aid will remain the same as it will for those applicants applying with standardized test scores.
I’m submitting test scores with my application. When do you need to receive them?
Test scores must be received no later than November 15 for those applying for Early Action and no later than January 15 for those applying for Regular Decision admission consideration.
We will provisionally accept self-reported scores from the Common Application to complete applications, but you are required to send official scores if they choose to attend SU.
Seattle University School Codes
SAT College Code
4695
ACT College Code
4478
Stay Connected
All Events
Redhawk SUmmer Fridays
Featured Event
Get in Touch
Your admissions counselor is here to support you every step of the way. Questions regarding the essay questions or the application review process can also be directed to the Admissions Office.
Admissions Office
admissions@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8040