URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/undergraduate-admissions
TITLE: Undergraduate Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Undergraduate Admissions
Start your legend at Seattle University—where bold thinking, purpose, and passion come together to shape your undergraduate career.
Admissions & Aid
Undergraduate Admissions
Request Information
Where Ambition Finds Purpose and Legends Begin
At Seattle University, academic excellence drives a transformative education that challenges you to think deeply, lead ethically and grow personally and professionally.
Our approach produces highly sought-after students who are prepared for their chosen careers and to make a difference in the world around them.
With small classes averaging 18 students, you’ll work closely with expert faculty who are committed to your success and who challenge, support and inspire you every step of the way.
Curious Minds Become Legendary Leaders
Explore the standout outcomes that make our students legendary and discover how our mission and values set us apart with purpose-driven education.
The Seattle U Impact
Find Your Major
Discover
what inspires you. With
over 60
undergraduate majors and a wide variety of minors and specializations,
you’ll
find the program that fits your
ambitions
.
Search Programs
Experience Seattle University for Yourself
There’s no better way to see what makes Seattle University special than walking our vibrant First Hill and South Lake Union campuses. Join us for a campus tour or event and picture yourself here.
Can’t visit in person? Take a virtual tour and explore campus from anywhere in the world.
Virtual Tour
Admissions Events
Sign Up for a Tour
Your Guide to Seattle University
From your first question to your first day on campus, your admissions counselor is here to support you every step of the way. Don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to help you navigate the process and discover all that Seattle University has to offer.
Find Your Counselor
Excellence You Can Count On
Top 16% Wall Street Journal/Times Higher Education
The Wall Street Journal ranked Seattle University in the Top 16% of all universities.
96%
Success Rate
Most Redhawks are employed, in grad school or volunteering within 6 months of graduation.
#1
Salary Potential
Best Colleges in Washington by Salary Potential (Payscale 2025).
Change the World by Starting Right Here
Start Your Journey Here: Applying as a First-Year Student
If you're currently in high school or have recently graduated and haven’t taken college-level courses, you’ll apply as a first-year student. Discover what it takes to join a community of curious minds and future leaders.
First-Year Admissions
Finish Strong. Transfer to Seattle University.
If you’ve completed college-level courses after high school or earning an equivalent degree, you’re a transfer student. Explore how your credits can move with you and how Seattle University can help you complete your degree with purpose and momentum.
Transfer Admissions
Puts You First
Personalized Education
11:1
Student-to-Faculty Ratio
Small classes led by talented faculty to foster active learning, an SU hallmark.
100%
Classes Taught by Faculty (Not Graduate Students)
Learn from passionate and professional educators committed to your growth.
What Our
Students Say
Seth Alterado, ’24
“SU has allowed me to find a community not only on campus, but around the general city as well. I have been able to connect with people who identify in a lot of the same things as me, such as my ethnic background, hobbies and passions. The school has given me tools that allowed me to really go forth on my own while knowing I’ll always have the SU community to fall back on.”
Nursing
Contact Us
Questions? The undergraduate admissions office is ready to hear from you. Contact us and we’ll be happy to assist you in any way during this process.
Undergraduate Admissions
admissions@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8040