URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/undergraduate-admissions/first-year-admissions
TITLE: First-Year Admissions | Undergraduate Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

First-Year Admissions
Find out how to start your life-changing education and get admitted as a first-year student at Seattle University.
Admissions & Aid
Undergraduate Admissions
First-Year Admissions
Request Information
A College Experience that Makes a Difference
You’re not looking for the average college experience—you want something special. You’re ready to prepare for a meaningful career, but that’s not all.
You want to grow personally, make a positive impact on the world around you and surround yourself with people who care about you—and the world around them.
And you want to have the time of your life while you’re at it.
Seattle University offers that kind of life-changing college experience, in one of the greatest cities in America.
Find Your Major
With over 60 undergraduate degree programs, we have the academic programs you’re looking for and we offer direct admission to all of our programs.
Programs and Majors
Ready to Apply?
Explore admissions requirements and academic readiness for your major, plus deadlines, timelines and a go-to source for what to include in your application.
Or jump right into the application process, where we'll guide you through each step.
Admissions Requirements
Application Deadlines
How to Apply
Visit Seattle University
Visiting in-person is one of the best ways to get a feel for Seattle University. Come check out our beautiful 55-acre campus in the vibrant Capitol Hill neighborhood. Sign up for an in-person campus tour or an information session led by an admissions counselor. Virtual tours are fun, too!
Tour Campus Virtually
Admissions Events
Sign Up for a Campus Tour
Connect with Your Counselor
Your admissions counselor is here to help you every step of the way. We encourage you to reach out to your admissions counselor if you have any questions about Seattle University or the admissions process or to just say hello!
Find your Counselor
Discover the
Seattle University Difference
#1
DESTINATION CITY FOR COLLEGE STUDENTS IN THE U.S.
Experience why Seattle is the top choice for students (2022 Axios-Generation Lab).
$2.5M
RETURN ON INVESTMENT ON YOUR SEATTLE U EDUCATION
—Georgetown University’s Center on Education and the Workforce
500+
CLASSES THAT ADDRESS JUSTICE & SUSTAINABILITY
Take courses that make a difference for social, economic and environmental justice.
Financial Aid for Your Investment
Scholarships and Aid
When you choose a Seattle University education, you’re charting a course for the next phase of your life that’s guided by your passions, purpose and the greater good. Funding a high-quality education can seem daunting, but we strive to make your educational investment attainable.
Financial Aid & Scholarships
For Your Education
Generous Financial Support
100%
OF FIRST-YEAR STUDENTS RECEIVED AID (2025-26)
From merit scholarships to award packages, Seattle University supports your success.
97%
OF FIRST-YEAR STUDENTS RECEIVE MERIT SCHOLARSHIPS
Most first-year students are given scholarships for academic excellence.
$51K
AVERAGE FINANCIAL AWARD FOR FIRST-YEAR STUDENTS
The average financial aid award package offers a lot of financial support each year.
More to Explore
Curious about who makes up our student body or what campus looks like? Check out our class profile or take a virtual walk around campus and envision yourself as a Redhawk.
Virtual Tour
Class Profile
You’re Invited!
All Events
Redhawk SUmmer Fridays
Featured Event
July 11, 2025
-
July 11, 2025
9 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.
What Our
Students Say
Christina Beavers, '24
“My biggest takeaways from my experience here as an undergraduate is to not be afraid to be your most authentic self, always make connections with your professors and strive to open yourself up to new experiences.”
Psychology Major
Contact Us
Questions? The admissions office is ready to hear from you. Contact us and we’ll be happy to assist you in any way during this process.
Admissions Office
admissions@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8040