URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/undergraduate-admissions/transfer-admissions/how-to-apply
TITLE: How to Apply | Transfer Admissions | Undergraduate Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Transfer Admissions Process
Discover how to apply to a bachelor’s degree program if you’ve completed college coursework after high school.
Admissions & Aid
Undergraduate Admissions
Transfer Admissions
How to Apply
With the largest transfer student population of any independent university in Washington state, Seattle University is an excellent option for completing your degree and preparing for postgraduate success. And with so many transfer applicants, we’re skilled in supporting you through the admissions process.
Resources to assist you as you apply include:
Friendly and dedicated Transfer Counselors ready to answer your questions
Transfer Admissions Events offered virtually and on campus
Comprehensive Transfer Planning Guides to help you plan
How to Complete Your Transfer Application
Step 1: Start the Process
To Begin, Start Your Application
When you apply to Seattle University, your application will be considered carefully, thoughtfully and holistically.
Begin by creating your account for your admissions portal, where you’ll access the transfer application.
Start Your Application
Transfer Application Deadlines
Transfer Fall Deadlines – to begin classes in September
Nursing: Dec 1
Diagnostic Ultrasound: Feb 1
Priority for all other majors: March 1
Final deadline to apply: August 15
Transfer Winter Deadline – to begin classes in early January
November 1
Transfer Spring Deadline – to begin classes in late March
February 15
Transfer Summer Deadline – to begin classes in June
May 15
Learn more about Transfer Deadlines and Timelines
.
Step 2: Review Transfer Application Requirements
See the Required Application Materials and Request Transcripts
Completed the
application
(includes a personal essay question).
Official transcripts from each college, university or professional school attended.
Official transcripts should be sent directly to the Admissions Office by the issuing institution.
Students can also order official transcripts through Parchment or through the National Student Clearinghouse.
Official high school transcripts are required for students with fewer than 45 transferable quarter college credits (30-semester credits).
If English is not one of your first/native languages, Proof of English Proficiency is required. This is required regardless of English language studies, academic history, residence in the United States or other English-speaking countries, or immigration status.
A non-refundable application fee of $60 (waivers available).
Optional: ACT or SAT reports (can be listed on your high school transcript or self-reported via the Common App). Please note: if you choose to submit test scores, the SAT Essay and ACT Writing sections are not required. The SAT college code is 4695 and the ACT college code is 4478.
Optional: Official Advanced Placement, International Baccalaureate or Cambridge/A Level examination scores to the Admissions Office.
College of Nursing and Health Sciences Application Requirements
Transfer applicants have additional requirements for the
Bachelor of Science in Nursing
and
Bachelor of Science in Diagnostic Ultrasound
Programs.
Submitting Transcripts
An official transcript is an institution’s certified statement of your academic record. It includes the signature of the Registrar and must come directly from the issuing institution, either via mail or electronically.
All students applying to Seattle University are required to submit official transcripts from all institutions at which they have earned or attempted college credit. Once all your official transcripts are submitted, our Admissions Team can begin their review.
Official transcripts should be sent directly from the issuing institution, either by mail or by email.
Mailing address:
Seattle University
Admissions Office
901 12th Ave
PO Box 222000
Seattle, WA 98122-1090
transfer@seattleu.edu
Step 3: Finish Your Application
Submit Application and $60 Fee
When your Transfer application is complete, you can officially apply to Seattle University. Applicants for whom the application fee would prove a genuine hardship may request a waiver.
The fee is waived if you will complete an associate’s degree at a Washington, Arizona, California or Oregon state community college by the time of enrollment and are transferring directly to Seattle University.
Additional fee waiver options include:
You are active duty military or a veteran
You are have a sibling, parent or grandparent who graduated from Seattle University
You are a staff or faculty member at Seattle University
You are a member of Phi Theta Kappa
More information can be found when completing your application.
Step 4: Check Your Application Status and Submit Supplementary Items
See Where Your Application is in the Review Process
You’ve now applied to Seattle University, and we are carefully reviewing your application!  After submitting your application, you’ll have access to the
Redhawk Admission Portal
, where you can view a checklist of required admissions items.
Submit Additional Materials
After submitting your transfer application, we may prompt you to add additional materials needed for the holistic review process, including updated transcripts, course syllabi, high school transcripts, and more.
Post-Baccalaureate Information Form
Students who have earned a previous bachelor's degree need to fill out the Post-Baccalaureate Form in their Redhawk Admission Portal checklist to complete their application. This form provides financial aid and scholarship information that post-baccalaureate students need to review and acknowledge they understand before our Admissions Team can begin the application review process.
Financial Forms
The following items may appear on your checklist but do not need to be submitted prior to your application review:
The Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) or the Washington Application for State Financial Aid (WASFA)
Declaration of Finances for International Students
Bank Statement (International Students)
We consider your application complete and ready for review when we receive all required application materials.
We’ll reach out if we need more information.
Admissions Notifications
Most transfers will receive an admissions decision 4 weeks after submitting all their required admissions materials. Fall quarter applicants will begin receiving decisions notifications in March.
Popular programs, such as Diagnostic Ultrasound or Nursing, review applicants as a cohort. Transfers may be asked to submit additional information, such as most recent college grades, or an explanation of activities since taking a hiatus from college coursework. These requests are opportunities for continued admissions consideration.
Confirmation Deposits
Fall quarter transfer applicants have 30 days from the date of their decision notification to submit a confirmation deposit or until May 1, whichever is later. Winter, Spring and Summer quarter applicants are required to confirm enrollment within 30 days of their letter of acceptance, but a confirmation deposit is not required.
We’re Here to Help
Your admissions counselor is here to support you every step of the way. Questions regarding the Transfer Admissions Process can also be directed to the Admissions Office.
Admissions Office
transfer@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8040