URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/admissions-aid/undergraduate-admissions/transfer-admissions/how-to-apply/deadlines
TITLE: Deadlines | How to Apply | Transfer Admissions | Undergraduate Admissions | Admissions & Aid | Seattle University

Transfer Application Deadlines & Timeline
Keep your undergraduate transfer admissions process on track with key dates.
Admissions & Aid
Undergraduate Admissions
Transfer Admissions
How to Apply
Deadlines
Find Your Admissions Application Deadlines
You’ll stay ahead of the game and ensure your own peace of mind when you follow the deadlines and admissions timeline below.
In general, you can apply to transfer to a Seattle University undergraduate program at any point in the academic calendar. However, if you’re applying to the Nursing and Diagnostic Ultrasound programs, you’ll need to apply by the particular deadline because those programs are in a cohort structure.
International applicants do not have a separate application deadline. If you are an international transfer student, you are encouraged to apply earlier to ensure adequate time for immigration and visa processing.
Application Deadlines
BSN Deadline
Nursing Admission: Dec. 1
Fall Start Only
DIUS Deadline
Diagnostic Ultrasound Admission: Feb. 1
Fall Start Only
Fall Quarter Deadline
Priority Admissions: March 1
Regular Admission: August 15
Classes Start in Late September
Winter Quarter Deadline
Regular Admission: Nov. 1
Classes Start in Early January
Spring Quarter Deadline
Regular Admission: Feb. 15
Classes Start in Late March
Summer Quarter Deadline
Regular Admission: May 15
Classes Start in Late June
Fall Transfer Deadlines At A Glance: Begin classes in September
Nursing: Dec 1
Diagnostic Ultrasound: Feb 1
Priority for all other majors: March 1
Final deadline to apply: August 15
Decisions will be released approximately 4 weeks after the application is complete. If you are applying for Fall Quarter, you can expect your decision to be released in mid to late March and on a rolling basis after late March. When a decision is available, you will be notified via email and directed to access the official decision in your personalized Redhawk Admissions Portal.
Key Dates and Deadlines
Explore important dates to keep your admissions on track.
Date
To Do
July
Transfer Nursing Info Session
August
The application for next fall will open mid-August for all programs.
September
Monthly Transfer Nursing Info Sessions begin
October 1
Transfer Nursing Info Sessions
First day to file FAFSA and WASFA
Fall Preview Day (first-year and transfer students)
November 1
Application deadline for Winter Quarter
December 1
Transfer Nursing Deadline for Fall Quarter
February 1
Transfer Diagnostic Ultrasound Deadline for Fall Quarter
FAFSA priority financial aid deadline for Fall Quarter
February 15
Application deadline for Spring Quarter
March 1
Priority application deadline for Fall Quarter for all programs outside the College of Nursing. We will continue to accept transfer applications for most programs through August 15.
Financial Aid awards for admitted students with a completed FAFSA on file with Seattle University will be released beginning in March.
April
Rolling admission and financial aid notification for newly admitted students.
May 15
Application deadline for Summer Quarter
June
Fall orientation, housing and advising information available for enrolled students
July
Housing assignments begin
August 15
Final transfer application deadline for Fall Quarter
September
Fall Quarter classes begin
Excellence
in the Heart of Seattle
2
SEATTLE CAMPUSES
On First Hill, explore a 50-acre park-like campus. Nearby, the South Lake Union campus offers a four-acre urban hub with modern artistic spaces.
15:1
STUDENT-TO-FACULTY RATIO FOR REAL CONNECTIONS
Get individual attention from highly respected faculty who know you by name.
96%
Success Rate Within 6 Months of Graduation.
Experience academics that lead to employment or the next level of academic work.
What our
students say
– Evan, Marketing Major
“As a transfer student, one of my biggest worries was about staying on track. The Albers Advising Center not only guided me, but also provided me with the opportunity to explore minors and extracurriculars. Their resources are the secret sauce that every student needs to succeed at Seattle University.”
Get in Touch
We’re here to help. For information about Transfer Admissions Deadlines, contact:
Admissions Office
transfer@seattleu.edu
1-206-220-8040