URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/albers/undergraduate/admissions
TITLE: Albers School of Business & Economics | Seattle University

Albers School of Business and Economics
Situated in the thriving heart of Seattle, the Albers School of Business and Economics offers a world-class, tech-connected business education for the good of all.
Explore Programs
A Top Business School—Where Purpose Meets Business
At Albers, we work with the Puget Sound region’s top business professionals to help deliver our highly ranked programs. Supported by industry-focused advisory boards, experienced faculty design challenging coursework that connects to real-world business needs.
But that’s not all. Our Jesuit approach mean we also challenge students to think deeply about how business can be built for the good of all.
Through strong industry support, equity-focused education, and real-world projects, we guide and mentor future business leaders who bring their whole selves to work. Our graduates are transforming the world through ethical and innovative business practices that help create the future of business.
We look forward to guiding and mentoring you toward your future success!
Learn more about Albers' academic excellence
Give to Albers
In supporting Albers programs, you shape the next generation of ethical leaders. Find out how you can help our various endeavors.
Explore
Explore Business Degrees with Purpose
Undergraduate Programs
Prepare for a successful career in the ever evolving business landscape with a transformative education that integrates business knowledge, ethical leadership, and real-world experience.
Graduate Programs
Elevate your career with Seattle University's graduate business programs, combining academic excellence, leadership development, and practical skills for success.
Executive Education
Accelerate your career with Seattle University's executive business programs, equipping experienced professionals with advanced skills and strategic leadership expertise.
Nationally Ranked Programs
Undergraduate Rankings: U.S. News & World Report
2026
#19 Business Analytics
#19 In the Nation Among Specialty Programs
#30 Marketing Program
#30 In the Nation Among Specialty Programs
#34 Finance Program
#34 In the Nation Among Specialty Programs
#30 Accounting Program
#30 In the Nation Among Specialty Programs
Graduate Rankings: U.S. News & World Report 2025
#20 Leadership Executive MBA
20th Highest in Nation
#16 Master’s in Finance
16th Highest Ranked In Nation
#16 Master's In Business Analytics
16th Highest Ranked In Nation
Belonging
in Business
Chance Ringor
“The Albers School of Business and Economics is more than just a school—it’s a community. Throughout my four years here, I’ve been able to make strong connections with my peers as well as faculty. These connections have been instrumental to my personal and professional growth.”
'24 Business Analytics and Marketing
Recipient of the President's Award, 2024 Commencement
Read More About Chance
Experienced Faculty Who Care
Mathew Isaac, PhD
Chair, Department of Marketing
Professor, Department of Marketing
Seattle University  Loyola Professor, 2025-2030
Gabriel Saucedo, PhD, CPA
Chair, Department of Accounting
Associate Professor, Department of Accounting
Erin Vernon, PhD
Associate Professor, Department of Economics
Patricia Wismer Professorship for Gender and Diversity Studies, 2025-2027
Natalie Welch, PhD
Program Director, MBA in Sport and Entertainment Management
Assistant Professor, Department of Marketing
Go to the previous slide.
Go to the next slide.
Centers and Programs to Enrich Your Experience
We’re dedicated to your professional development. Explore our centers and initiatives that support your success at Albers.
Mentor Program
For nearly 40 years, the Albers Mentor Program has connected graduate-level and senior undergraduate business students with upper level executives from leading Puget Sound companies and organizations.
Explore the Mentor Program
Albers Career Center
The Albers Career Center aims to assist Albers students and alumni with job placement, career development, and other professional development opportunities.
Check out the Albers Career Center
Innovation & Entrepreneurship Center
The Innovation & Entrepreneurship Center (IEC) is an active business gymnasium that accelerates "fit for the future" Seattle University students so they can apply entrepreneurship theory and innovation to solve real-life problems, launch new ventures, and advance the common good.
Explore IEC programs
Center for Business Ethics
The Center for Business Ethics at Seattle University inspires business people to build business cultures that respect persons, relationships, communities, and ecosystems.
Learn more about the Center for Business Ethics
Get in Touch
We're here to help. Contact us for information about Albers School of Business and Economics.
206-296-5700