URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/business/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate Programs | Albers School of Business & Economics | Seattle University

Albers Undergraduate Programs
Business Can Change the World. And You Can be Part of It.
Albers School of Business & Economics
Undergraduate Programs
Make a Difference Above and Beyond the Bottom Line
At the nationally ranked Albers School of Business and Economics, we offer an outstanding education, a distinctive student experience, and a nearly-80 year legacy of championing business' responsibility to create a better society.
As an undergraduate student, you will benefit from small class sizes that promote personalized attention. The school's enviable location in Capitol Hill enhances deep ties with Seattle's business community, providing multiple opportunities to build a strong foundation for your career.
Request Information
Two Programs to Choose From
Education for Your Lifelong Success with our BABA Program
As an undergraduate student in our
Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration (BABA)
program, you will benefit from small class sizes that provide unparalleled access to highly qualified faculty who are committed to your success.
With a variety of major options and combinations, as well as many internship opportunities, Albers' BABA program offers you the academic foundation and much-needed practical experience to thrive in business and beyond.
Finally, our belief in business as a driver of social change means applying your skills and knowledge to communities and causes that need them most.
BA in Economics: Efficiency, Equity, Resources
With an emphasis on economics as a social science, the Albers’
Bachelor of Arts in Economics (BAE)
degree will provide you with the analytical tools of micro- and macroeconomics as well as statistical and quantitative methods. In keeping with the university mission, courses in this program address ethical implications and social justice issues.
With in-depth and rigorous study of economics—from local to national to global—and skills-building focused on analytics, quantitative reasoning, critical thinking, and communication, you will be equipped to solve important problems in the private, nonprofit, and public sectors or to pursue graduate study in economics or fields such as data analytics, public policy, business, or law.
Choose from Nine Majors
After completing core foundation courses which provide a comprehensive overview of the business field, BABA students then focus by choosing one of nine majors. If you choose the BAE you'll dive right into your Economics coursework.
Accounting
Our nationally ranked Accounting program teaches you the technical skills and professional competencies for a thriving accounting career. (minor also available)
Business Analytics
With the Albers School of Business and Economics Business Analytics (BUAN) major, you’ll gain the knowledge and practical skills to join the big data revolution.
Business & Law
Get your business and law degree in six years instead of seven, for a powerful start to your career.
ECON-FINC
BA in Economics
Designed for students interested in solving problems and making decisions in the private and public sectors, our program cultivates students' analytical, quantitative reasoning, critical thinking, and communication skills.  (minor also available)
Business Economics
Economists’ strength in critical thinking, comfort with data sets, and working with economic models make them a valuable asset in the business and policy worlds.
Finance
The undergraduate Finance program in Albers helps you gain critical qualities that are highly sought after in today’s business finance environments.  (minor also available)
Ind. Major - Marketing
Individualized Major
Designed for students who intend to operate their own businesses, attain greater specialization through on-the-job programs, or plan for later study in a specific area.
Management
Learn the skills that companies in our growing economy look for in their managers. (minor also available)
Marketing
Get equipped with the strategic thinking that prepares you for a future in marketing leadership.  (minors also available, including the new Personal Branding in Sport and Entertainment minor)
Not sure which Economics program is right for you?
If you're considering a BA or BABA in Economics but aren't sure which path to choose, the Chair of the Economics Department, Bridget Hiedemann, wrote up a
description of how the programs differ
and what she recommends for each program. The Chair or the
Economics Tutors
would be happy to talk to you about the choices.
Check out our Additional Minors
In addition to minors listed in the subjects above we offer 3 stand-alone minors for business majors, including the new Personal Branding in Sport and Entertainment Minor on the Marketing BABA page.
Program Directory
Entrepreneurship & Innovation Minor
Minor
Broaden your perspective and future impact in any area of undergraduate study by minoring in Entrepreneurship & Innovation. Select electives to match your interests.
Entrepreneurship & Innovation, Minor
Global Business Minor
Minor
Join our Global Business Program to develop the skills you need to pursue a career with global firms.
Minor
Go to the previous slide.
Go to the next slide.