URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/life-at-seattle-u/international-student-community
TITLE: International Student Community | Life at Seattle U | Seattle University

International Students
You’ll have the campus resources, holistic support and welcoming community you need to feel at home and prepared for success, with all the perks of life in a global city.
In the Heart of a Global City
Our campus is in the heart of Seattle—close to global companies on the leading edge of technology and advancement. Seattle University has built extensive relationships with industry and cultural leaders, and these connections provide a wealth of opportunities to secure meaningful internships. It also provides mentors and volunteer opportunities related to your career goals and interests.
And when it comes to finding a little piece of home, just east and south of our campus are some of the most culturally and ethnically diverse neighborhoods on the west coast. The Central District, Little Ethiopia, Little Saigon and the International District are all within walking distance and offer you a taste of a different culture on nearly every corner.
Celebrating Global Perspectives
Our Jesuit values are rooted in deep respect and appreciation for people, beliefs and cultures around the world. We foster diversity, inclusion and equity in all places. Discover more about our
diverse and inclusive community
.
You’re an important part of our campus community, and we have the campus culture and resources to ensure you felt seen, understood and valued. Learn more about our
global engagement
.
Optional Practical Training
Learn about how you can take this self-paced course, what it takes to file for optional practical training and your responsibilities while on approved OPT.
Introduction to OPT
Click to play the video
International Student Center: Community & Support
Seattle University’s International Student Center (ISC) is the home away from home for our diverse international campus population. ISC is the main resource for international students on campus.
Here’s how we help:
Answer questions about the application process.
Introduce you to campus resources with a Welcome Workshop for new students.
Help with immigration-related issues, paperwork and maintaining status in the United States.
Throughout the year, ISC hosts many events. They’re a great way to meet people and to gain experience in event planning, leadership and marketing.
International Student Center
Clubs for Career, Community and Culture
Whether you’re looking to join a cultural club, play a sport or develop career skills, you’ll have a wealth of student groups and activities to connect and inspire you. Student groups and cultural clubs help you connect with others who share your racial, ethnic or cultural identity or heritage.
Learn More About Clubs
Outdoor Adventures in Every Season
Living in Seattle, you’ll be near mountains, the Puget Sound, and plenty of forests. So you’ll be able to experience the outdoors in all seasons and types of weather. Plus, you can borrow a variety of gear for your next outdoor adventure when you’re a student at Seattle University.
Connect with other students by taking an outdoor trip that’s coordinated through University Recreation.
Outdoor Programs
hear from
Our Students
Vanesa Wie, '23
“ISC has been a great community for me that is like a family for me!”
Bachelor of Science in Biology
Don't miss our next Dinner!
All Events
International Dinner
Featured Event
May 13, 2024
-
May 13, 2024
6:00 PM
Redhawk Center
Get in Touch
We’re here to help. For information about the international student community and  student involvement at Seattle University, contact:
International Student Center
Pavilion 160
isc@seattleu.edu
206-296-6260