URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/who-we-are/the-seattle-u-impact
TITLE: The Seattle U Impact | Who We Are | Seattle University

The Seattle U Impact
See how SU’s whole person, Jesuit education and connections to employers in a global tech hub can shape your career and change your world.
Who We Are
The Seattle U Impact
Empowering Your Success
Beyond the rankings, beyond the awards, beyond the stats, our impact is through you. Your meaningful work, your personal fulfillment and your concern for humanity. We can't wait to see who you become and the difference you make in the world.
“Our Jesuit approach to educating our students goes beyond affording them technical expertise. It does that, to be sure. But it also offers them tools to apply critical perspectives and to engage their deepest values. It pushes against the limits of disciplinary boundaries, bringing philosophical and theological reflection into dialogue with science and engineering and law and policy. This is why we call Seattle University the place ‘where innovation meets humanity.’”
Eduardo Peñalver, Seattle University President
The numbers
At a Glance
$2.5M
Return on Investment
Most of our undergrads will realize a return of more than $2.5 million over their careers.
Learn about our ROI rankings
96%
Success Rate
Most Redhawks are employed or in grad school within 6 months of graduation.
11:1
Student-to-Faculty Ratio
Small classes led by talented faculty to foster active learning, an SU hallmark.
Impactful Value and Outcomes
A Seattle University education will challenge and grow you on every level. Explore our real-world impacts and outcomes.
Gain Experience
Our graduates are employed at top companies. In addition to
our excellent academics
, great faculty and personalized learning, students grow professionally outside of the classroom through a wide variety of internships, field experience and community-engaged learning. With more than five medical centers within one mile of campus, and top employers such as Amazon, Microsoft, Starbucks and Boeing nearby, you are positioned for real-world opportunity.
We help you discover and create a fulfilling career journey through a broad range of programs and resources for career preparation, networking, job placement and mentorship opportunities.
Career Resources
Graduate with a Promising Future
With 97% of our Redhawks employed or in graduate school within six months of graduation, our academic rigor and values-based
Jesuit education
is a proven investment in your future possibility and purpose.
And it's a
manageable investment
. Not only are we
Washington’s best four-year college
for mid-career earning potential, our undergrads also see an
average return on investment of $1.4 million
and they enter the working world with a low average student loan debt ($19,693 vs. $33,700 median federal debt of borrowers).
Our Graduates
#1
Among Washington Universities in Mid-Career Pay
Highest median salary for alumni with 10+ years of work experience (Payscale, 2023)
Find a Global Perspective
Global engagement and international perspective are central to our mission. Here, you will learn from distinguished faculty from around the world, alongside
students from more than 70 countries
. We offer diverse education abroad programs, global partnerships and initiatives to engage with and experiential learning through Seattle’s global companies and international communities.
Global Engagement
Education Abroad
70+
Countries represented in our student community
Make a Difference in Your World
Beyond the financial return on your investment, Seattle University is dedicated to educating the whole person and empowering leaders for a just and humane world. We provided an annual average of more than 50,000 hours of service to local communities and engaged more than 2,800 students in the community-engaged learning process.
Community Engagement
>50k
Annual service hours provided to local communities
Grow Your Network
After graduation, our impact continues. Our alumni network includes more than 90,000 graduates around the world, with more than 56,000 in Washington state and a majority living in the Puget Sound region.
Our alumni groups work in partnership with the Seattle University Alumni Association to provide you with a broad range of opportunities for leadership, networking and volunteering.
Our Alumni
>90k
Strong alumni network
hear from
Our Alumni
Ashwin Warrior, '12
"The further away I get from my time at Seattle U, the more I realize how uncommon my experience was. Inside and outside the classroom I was challenged not just to absorb academic material, but also to think about what mattered most to me and how I could use what I was learning to make an impact in the world. I think Seattle U helped me lead a more grounded, intentional life, post-college."
Program Specialist, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Alumni Impact
Meet some of our exceptional alumni who make positive impacts in their professions, communities and the Redhawk community.
Click to play the video
Tina O’Brien ’89, ’98 MNPL, Community Service Award
CEO of the Kitsap Community Foundation
Click to play the video
Dr. Norward Brooks, '71 MBA, Alumnus of the Year
Retired Professor and Executive Dean of the Seattle Vocational Institute
Click to play the video
Katrina Phiri, ’17 MBA, Outstanding Recent Alumna
Amazon Senior Product Manager and Business Strategy Leader
Click to play the video
Anne Hotz Moran, '87, University Service Award
Seattle University Chief of Staff to the President
Click to play the video
Andre Lang, ’95, ’04 JD, Athletics Hall of Fame
Estate Planning and Family Law Attorney
Click to play the video
Dr. Sonya Quitslund, ‘58, Jesuit Mission Award
Retired Professor of Theology at George Washington University
Go to the previous slide.
Go to the next slide.
Explore Academics and Programs
Seattle University offers nearly 150 programs and certificates to prepare you for success.
Find Your Program