URL: https://www.seattleu.edu/who-we-are/sustainability-and-climate-action
TITLE: Sustainability and Climate Action | Who We Are | Seattle University

Sustainability & Climate Action
Who We Are
Sustainability and Climate Action
Committed to Sustainability
Seattle University’s commitment to the Earth and its people is grounded in Jesuit values—focusing on environmental justice and recognized within the university’s apostolic mission.
A Green Vision
Since establishing the Climate Action Plan in 2010, Seattle University continues its work toward achieving its goals of demonstrating leadership in sustainable practices and environmental justice across campus through academics, co-curricular programs and university operations as a whole through collective efforts.
Institute for Environmental Justice and Sustainability
Since 2013, the Institute for Environmental Justice & Sustainability has served as the HUB at Seattle University to inspire care for our communities through the research and practice of social, economic and environmental sustainability.
Learn More
Top 10 in Nation for Sustainability
Seattle University is one of the Top 10 most-sustainable colleges or universities in the nation according to the latest Sustainability Tracking, Assessment & Rating System (STARS) report, achieving a “Gold” rating. STARS is a program of AASHE, the Association for the Advancement of Sustainability in Higher Education.
Gold Rating
SU earns highest score in its history in latest Sustainability Tracking, Assessment & Rating System.
Fully Divested from Fossil Fuels
Seattle University scrubbed its endowment portfolio of fossil fuel investments as of June 30
, 2023.
Read more
1st
100% Divested
SU is the first university in Washington state and first Jesuit Catholic university in the country to fulfill this commitment of divestment.
Laudato Si’ Action Platform
At Seattle University, we are committed to an ecological conversion that opens minds and hearts to the sacred task of caring for our common home.
Read More
Sustainability in Action
Campus Waste Diversion
Seattle University ranked first among medium-sized colleges & universities & second among all institutions in waste diversion as part of the 2024 Campus Waste to Zero Waste—a friendly competition & benchmarking tool for campus recycling programs.
LEED Gold Certified Buildings
There are five LEED Gold buildings on campus. All new buildings at Seattle University are designed to achieve LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) standards—the most widely used green building rating system.
Reduction of Green House Gases
Seattle University has committed to work toward carbon neutrality or zero Greenhouse Gas emissions. From the baseline year 2009, Seattle University’s initial Climate Action Plan was to reduce emissions by at least 12% by 2020 & by at least 51% by 2035.
Facilitate Change
Ultimately, the goal of sustainability is to “develop a community within the carrying capacity of the Earth, to balance the social, environmental and economic needs of our society,” says Yolanda Cieters, sustainability manager of Seattle University’s Institute for Environmental Justice & Sustainability.
“Only a socially just society is able to safeguard natural resources and cope with the various consequences of climate change” –Yolanda
Cieters
Being mindful of global climate change, “I also believe that all professions, even (and perhaps especially) those that don’t directly relate to environmental problems, need to develop new approaches that facilitate sustainable change,” says Dr. Wes Lauer, associate professor of civil and environmental engineering, director of Environmental Science and co-chair of the President’s Committee for Sustainability.
“This is why what we do inside the university to address sustainability can be so impactful—the campus can be a laboratory for implementing policies that are broadly relevant for society at large.”
Institute for Environmental Justice & Sustainability
Inspiring care for our communities through the research and practice of social, economic and environmental sustainability.
Learn More