URL: https://robins.richmond.edu/undergraduate/departments/business-administration/facts.html
TITLE: Fact Sheet - Business Administration - Academic Departments - Undergraduate - Robins School of Business - University of Richmond

Fact Sheet
An Introduction to the Major
All of our business administration, accounting and economics students start in a liberal arts program. Entering first-year students take courses in the School of Arts and Sciences to acquire a background in the liberal arts, a requirement of all University of Richmond students. Students enter the Robins School of Business upon their formal declaration of a major. A student may declare his/her major officially after the completion of the first year of study. Academic advisors are assigned once a student has indicated an interest in pursuing a business degree. The advisor will help the student arrange a schedule of coursework, advise students about degree requirements or arrange a study abroad program.
Students majoring in business administration may select one or more from several concentrations: finance, business economics, international business, marketing, and management. The finance concentration allows students to choose a CFA (Chartered Financial Analyst) track having an emphasis on investments and securities or a CCM (Certified Cash Management) track having an emphasis on cash management/corporate finance.
The Robins School of Business is professionally accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB-International).
The Learning Environment
Approximately 250 students are enrolled in the business program at each of the sophomore, junior and senior class levels. Thus, classes are small and the environment affords a close relationship between faculty and students. In addition to giving regular lectures, the faculty often invite representatives from business and government into the classroom. Professors also maintain office hours that are convenient for students. If problems arise, students are encouraged to visit the professor's office and seek additional help.
Student-Faculty Research
Our students are encouraged to engage in joint research projects with our faculty. These studies have investigated areas as diverse as global demand modeling and strategic planning for non-profits. We have had student-involved papers presented at professional conferences and offer summer research stipends to students doing research with a faculty member.