URL: https://robins.richmond.edu/undergraduate/departments/finance/facts.html
TITLE: Fact Sheet - Finance - Academic Departments - Undergraduate - Robins School of Business - University of Richmond

The CFA® Track
Progressive yet practical, the finance courses available at the Robins School of Business provide students with a broad base of knowledge and relevant experience that have helped them to pass the CFA Level I Exam and join the ranks of some of the most distinguished names in the finance profession. Students of the Robins School of Business leave their finance classes with the tools, knowledge, and experience to be leaders in finance.
Students concentrating in finance may take a variety of finance classes or direct their studies along either the corporate finance track or the
CFA
®
Track.
The corporate finance track is designed for students interested in working within the finance departments of public and private corporations.
The CFA (Chartered Financial Analyst) charter is a professional designation awarded by the CFA Institute. The CFA charter serves a similar purpose for investment professionals that the CPA does for accountants. It demonstrates a mastery of a comprehensive body of knowledge important in the investment decision-making process. Many investment firms require entry-level employees to pursue the CFA designation as a condition of employment. However, it is unusual for an undergraduate student to be preparing for the exam. We are offering this program as one opportunity for our students to distinguish themselves in a competitive employment market.
To earn a CFA designation a candidate must pass three levels of exams (Levels I, II, III) and meet the experience requirement specified by the
CFA Institute.
The CFA Body of Knowledge has ten topic areas; ethical and professional standards, quantitative methods, economics, accounting, and corporate finance, global markets and instruments, valuation and investment theory, analysis of fixed-income securities, analysis of equity investments, analysis of alternative investments, and portfolio management. Candidates are tested on all topic areas at each level.