URL: https://robins.richmond.edu/undergraduate/departments/economics/career-opportunities.html
TITLE: Career Opportunity

Career Opportunity
The Department of Economics in the Robins School of Business at the University of Richmond invites applications for a full-time tenure-track position at the rank of Assistant Professor of Economics to begin in the 2026-27 academic year.
The individual must have a research field in health economics, with expertise in (applied) econometrics and/or computational economics. The course load is five sections of Economics courses for the year, such as Health Economics, Statistics, Econometrics, and Computational Economics, with one or two preps each semester. Applicants should provide evidence of successful teaching experience as a sole instructor, not as a teaching assistant. The Economics Department is ranked #5 in research out of 196 liberal arts colleges in the U.S., according to IDEAS-RePec. Support for tenure-track faculty includes a mid-term research leave and funding for travel and summer research. The University provides a generous parental leave policy. Candidates for this position may be asked, at a later date, to provide the names and contact information for three references who will be asked to submit letters of recommendation.
A Ph.D. in Economics is required by the time of appointment. Review of applications will commence on November 24, 2025, and continue until the position is filled.
The University of Richmond is a private university located just a short drive from downtown Richmond, Va. Through its five schools and wide array of campus programming, the University combines the best qualities of a small liberal arts college and a large university. With approximately 4,000 students, an 8:1 student-faculty ratio, and more than 90% of traditional undergraduate students living on campus, the University is remarkably student-centered.
The mission of the University of Richmond is to educate in an academically challenging, intellectually vibrant, and collaborative community dedicated to the holistic development of students and the production of scholarly and creative work. A Richmond education prepares students for lives of purpose, thoughtful inquiry, and responsible leadership in a diverse world. The University of Richmond’s strategic priorities are academic excellence, belonging and community, access and affordability, well-being, and experiential learning and community engagement. The University seeks to model a relentlessly welcoming and inclusive campus community that values the expression of difference in ways that promote excellence in teaching, learning, personal development, and institutional success. Our academic community strongly encourages applications that are in keeping with this commitment.
Apply for the position at the Job Openings for Economists website (
www.aeaweb.org/joe/listings
) with the following information:
(a) cover letter
(b) curriculum vitae
(c) job market paper (optional additional papers)
(d) teaching statement: the teaching statement should articulate the candidate’s teaching philosophy, interests, and future goals, as well as the candidate’s commitment to educating a diverse student body through inclusive pedagogies.
(e) evidence of teaching effectiveness: evidence of teaching effectiveness may include course evaluations (ideally with comparisons to relevant groups), syllabi, peer observations, teaching innovations, course design, or other indicators of student learning.
JEL codes: I1 Health Economics
About the Economics department:
The Economics Department has 19 tenure-track lines and a number of full-time non-tenure-track faculty. The department is characterized by outstanding teaching, robust research, selfless service, and a welcoming environment.
See here
for detailed facts about the department.
The department is housed administratively in the Robins School of Business. Details on the school’s strategic plan can be found
here
.
We particularly emphasize collegiality and a welcoming environment, which are part of the university’s strategic plan, found
here
.
Of great importance to our department is our commitment to
belonging and community
.
We strongly support
sustainability initiatives
.
In addition, the Economics department is a large part of the business school’s
Endeavor program
, a living-learning experience for first-year business students, allowing them to create connections, develop strong relationships with faculty and peer student mentors, and engage students with intentional curriculum and extracurricular activities.