URL: https://robins.richmond.edu/undergraduate/robins-student/index.html
TITLE: The Robins Student  - Undergraduate - Robins School of Business - University of Richmond

The Robins Student
Getting to know the Robins School of Business
Prospective students coordinate their visit through the UR’s Undergraduate Admissions Office. Upon request from the Admissions Office, observing an introductory course or speaking with someone about the business program may be arranged in advance. Watch the video for the possible courses of study within the Robins School of Business:
Indicating Pre-Business
Students interested in pursuing a major or business minor in the Robins School of Business will need to complete an online Robins School of Business Pre-Business Intent form found on the Registrar's Office webpage after their first year at the University. Completing this form will allow the Robins School Undergraduate Dean's Office to communicate with these Pre-Business students about advising, registration, and official degree declaration requirements. Complete the
Pre-Business Intent form
within the same online form used for "Declaration of Major/Minor." The recommended timeline to complete the Pre-Business form is the summer before the student's sophomore year or during the first two weeks of the student's sophomore year.
Declaring a Major or Minor
Expand All
Four Year Student Declaration
To declare a major or minor in the Robins School of Business (Business Administration, Economics, or Accounting) a student must have earned at least a 2.7 GPA, after completing at least 12 units of college coursework, including ECON 101, ACCT 201, and MATH 211 (or their equivalents). All students declaring a major or minor in the Robins School of Business must also first pass an online Excel competency exam. Students will have three attempts to demonstrate competency with a grade of 80% or higher. This is not for a grade or academic credit. Students may declare as soon as these criteria are satisfied, but have until the end of the first two weeks of their junior fall semester to declare a business major or minor (class year as defined by GradTracker). Students not meeting these criteria should file appeals with the Associate Dean of Undergraduate Programs two weeks prior to the start of the fall semester of their junior year. Those denied upon appeal may not declare any Robins School major nor a minor in Business and must pursue a different academic program of study.
Transfer Student Declaration
Sophomore transfer students
interested in declaring a major or minor in the Robins School of Business (Business Administration, Economics, or Accounting) must have earned at least a 2.7 GPA, after completing at least 12 units of college coursework, including ECON 101, ACCT 201, and MATH 211 (or their equivalents), and at least one semester of coursework at the University of Richmond. All students declaring a major or minor in the Robins School of Business must also first pass an online Excel competency exam. Students will have three attempts to demonstrate competency with a grade of 80% or higher. This is not for a grade or academic credit. Students may declare as soon as these criteria are satisfied, but have until the end of the first two weeks of their junior fall semester to declare a business major or minor.
Junior transfer students
interested in declaring a major or minor in the Robins School of Business (Business Administration, Economics, or Accounting) must have completed at least 12 units of college coursework, including ECON 101, ACCT 201, and MATH 211 (or their equivalents), and must have earned at least a 2.7 GPA after one semester at the University of Richmond. All students declaring a major or minor in the Robins School of Business must also first pass an online Excel competency exam. Students will have three attempts to demonstrate competency with a grade of 80% or higher. This is not for a grade or academic credit. Junior transfer students not meeting these criteria should file appeals with the Associate Dean of Undergraduate programs one week prior to the start of the spring semester of their junior year. Those denied upon appeal may not declare any Robins School major nor a minor in Business and must pursue a different academic program of study. *class year as defined by GradTracker.
Excel Competency Exam Requirement
Excel is a fundamental business tool, and business school students and graduates often work in its applications. To assure our students possess at least a basic level of competency in Excel, the Robins School requires that all pre-business students obtain a grade of at least 80% on an Excel competency exam prior to declaring an Accounting, Business Administration, or Economics-Business major or a Business minor. Students are provided
Excel resources
to prepare for the exam. Students may
register
for exams during the academic year-students are allowed three attempts to pass the exam.
Declaration Form
To declare or alter a major, minor, or concentration, all students must complete the
Declaration of Major/Minor Online form
. You may initiate these changes anytime, however, changes made after the add/drop period will be updated at the end of the current term by the Registrar's Office.
Robins Scholarships
The Robins School of Business awards scholarships to select declared business majors who are rising juniors or seniors. An online application for scholarship consideration is sent via email to all majors in early spring semester. While various criteria are considered, the vast majority of the scholarships are merit-based awards of which students are notified during the early summer months.
Robins Student Employment
There are opportunities for student employment in the Robins School of Business in positions such as student research assistants, course tutors, event assistants, and photographers. Positions of availability are sent via email to Robins School students prior to each semester and thus students may be considered for positions relevant to their academic interests and skills.