URL: https://robins.richmond.edu/undergraduate/departments/international-business/cross-school.html
TITLE: Cross-School Majors - International Business - Academic Departments - Undergraduate - Robins School of Business - University of Richmond

Cross-School Majors
The cross-school majors are earned in conjunction with a major in the Robins School of Business with an international business concentration.
Chinese Studies-International Business
9 courses and an interdisciplinary research project (IDST 379), in addition to completing all requirements of the international business concentration for the business administration major, including:
CHIN 410: Business Chinese, and
FOUR courses at the 300-level or above, chosen from:
CHIN 301 Advanced Intermediate Chinese
CHIN 302 Conversational Chinese
CHIN 311 Insights into Chinese Culture
CHIN 401 Crossing Cultural Boundaries
CHIN 402 Advanced Syntax and Composition
CHIN 497 Selected Topics
One semester of full-time study in China or Taiwan at an approved university
The cross-school major in Chinese studies and international business represents a collaborative project between the
Department of Languages, Literatures, and Cultures
in the School of Arts and Sciences and the International Business Program in the Robins School of Business. Designated faculty members from each program will advise students upon declaration and as they progress through the major. The curriculum includes a semester abroad at one of the University's partner institutions (for example, Tsinghua University in Beijing or National Chengchi University in Taiwan). There, students will continue their coursework in Chinese Studies and business in classes with both local and other international students.
To prepare for the experience abroad, students must have completed CHIN 202 or an equivalent course. Upon returning to University of Richmond, they will broaden their knowledge of literary and cultural studies through advanced seminars as well as additional Robins School of Business coursework. The Chinese component of this program thus consists of five courses at the 300-level or above taken on campus, plus four courses taken abroad, or the equivalent of a nine-course major in MLC.
French-International Business
Nine courses and an interdisciplinary research project, in addition to completing all requirements of the international business concentration for the business administration major, including:
Three 300-level courses (at least one FSLT), normally taken prior to study abroad
Two 400-level seminars following required study abroad
One semester full-time study at an approved business school (with all-French curriculum) in a French-speaking country (four courses)
IDST 379 Interdisciplinary Research Project
A senior research project (taken for a half-unit as IDST 379) on a comparative topic dealing with international business and French/Francophone culture, 15 pages, written in French or in English, making significant use of primary and secondary sources in both languages, conducted through independent study.
The French major/international business option represents a collaborative project between the Department of Languages, Literatures, and Cultures in the School of Arts and Sciences and the International Business Program in the Robins School of Business. Designated faculty members from each program will advise students upon declaration and as they progress through the major. The curriculum includes a semester abroad at one of the University's partner institutions with an all-French curriculum (for example, ESSEC Business School or NEOMA Business School). There, students will continue their business concentrations in classes with both local and other international students.
To prepare for the experience abroad, students will have a solid base of 300-level French courses taken on the Richmond campus. Upon return, they will broaden their knowledge of literary and cultural studies through advanced seminars and additional Robins School of Business coursework. The French component of this program thus consists of five courses taken on campus plus four or five courses taken abroad, or the equivalent of a nine-course major in MLC.
German Studies and International Business
Nine courses and an interdisciplinary research project in addition to completing all requirements of the international business concentration for the business administration major, including:
Five units in German at the 300 or 400 level
One semester full-time study at the Universität Münster School of Business and Economics (four courses)
IDST 379 Interdisciplinary Research Project
A senior writing project (taken for one half unit as IDST 379) on a comparative topic dealing with international business and German culture, 20 pages, written in English or in German, making significant use of primary and secondary materials in both languages, conducted through independent study.
The German major/international business option represents a collaborative project between the Department of Languages, Literatures, and Cultures in the School of Arts and Sciences and the International Business Program in the Robins School of Business. Designated faculty members from each program will advise students upon declaration and as they progress through the major. The curriculum includes a semester abroad at one of the University's partner institutions. There, students will continue their Robins School concentrations and German Studies courses in classes with both local and other international students.
To prepare for the experience abroad, students in German will need to have completed at least German 202 on the Richmond campus. Students must take at least two courses in German at the Universität Münster.
Students are required to take one 400-level course in German upon their return.
Italian Studies-International Business
Nine courses and a senior project (498-499), in addition to completing all requirements of the international business concentration for the business administration major, including:
Five units in Italian at the 300 or 400 level
ITAL 498-499 Senior Project I and II
One semester of full-time study at Bocconi University of Economics and Business Administration (four courses)
The Italian major/international business option represents a collaborative project between the Department of Languages, Literatures, and Cultures in the School of Arts and Sciences and the International Business Program in the Robins School of Business. Designated faculty members from each program will advise students upon declaration and as they progress through the major. The curriculum includes a semester abroad at one of the University's partner institutions. There, students will continue work on their Robins School and Italian Studies requirements in classes with both local and other international students.
To prepare for the experience abroad, students in Italian will need to have completed at least Italian 221 on the Richmond campus; they must take at least one concurrent course in Italian while at Bocconi. Students are required to take one 400-level Italian course upon their return.
Latin American and Iberian Studies-International Business
Nine and a half units, in addition to completing all requirements of the international business concentration for the business administration major, including:
Two units chosen from: LAIS 301-306 (must be taken prior to study abroad)
One unit chosen from
LAIS 321 Literary Spain
LAIS 331 Introduction to Spanish American Literature I
LAIS 332 Introduction to Spanish American Literature II
Two units in LAIS at the 400 level, one of which must be taken upon return from study abroad
One semester in Latin America or Spain at an approved institution with an all-Spanish curriculum in business (4 courses)
LAIS 496 Senior Symposium
The cross-school major in Latin American Studies and international business represents a collaborative project between the Department of Latin American and Iberian Studies in the School of Arts and Sciences and the International Business Program in the Robins School of Business. The curriculum includes a semester abroad at one of the University's partner institutions (for example, Universidad Torcuato Di Tella in Argentina, Universidad de Deusto in Spain, or Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey in Mexico). At such institutions, students will continue their Robins School concentrations in classes with both local and other international students.
To prepare for the experience abroad, students in LAIS will have a solid foundation of 300-level courses taken on the Richmond campus. Upon return, they will broaden their knowledge of literary and cultural studies through advanced seminars and continue their Robins School coursework.