URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/career-services/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate Careers and Networks - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Career Services
>
Undergraduate Careers and Networks
From your freshman year to graduation day, Lerner Career Services provides you with multiple opportunities to build a professional portfolio – on campus and all over the world. Each day, our students connect with leading executives and HR recruiters through networking events, internship and job postings, site visits, alumni panels, bus treks, on campus interviews and more.
Connect with our office to establish and execute your professional goals.
Signature Programs
Mentoring
The
Lerner Executive Mentoring Program
pairs you with an executive with 10+ years of experience whose professional background is complementary to your career objectives. Mentors provide guidance and support as well as facilitate opportunities to build and strengthen your professional networks.
Connect & Grow
Harness UD alumni connections through
Lerner Edge Connect
for short, career-focused conversations that offer real-world tips, insight and guidance. These 30-minute, one-time meetings help you explore industries, expand your networks, and build confidence toward your career goals.
Co-op/Internships
Apply for a 9-12 month paid internship through the
Lerner Co-op Program
for rising juniors and seniors.
Undergraduate Success
After graduation in 2024, 95% of students were employed (earning a median starting salary of $70,000) or pursuing further education. The
Career Outcomes
website reports what our graduates do, where they work and the salaries they make.
Resources for Undergraduates
Scheduling a 1:1 Career Coaching appointment online
is simple and easy
Handshake
– UD’s career services tool for connecting students and employers
Search thousands of jobs and internships as well as upcoming networking events
Career Resources
(on MyLerner, the Lerner student intranet)
Learn how to stand out on your resume and cover letter, succeed in the interview or network your way to a job
Professional Organizations
(on MyLerner, the Lerner student intranet)
Build your network by attending local, regional and national conferences
Contact
Lerner Career Services Center
103 Alfred Lerner Hall
Newark, DE 19716
302-831-4369
lernercareerservices@udel.edu
Drop-In Hours
During the fall and spring semesters, please visit us at 103 Alfred Lerner Hall, Monday through Friday between 12 p.m. and 4 p.m. ET for a resume review or help with other career questions.
Career Services
Alumni
Employer Engagement
Graduate & MBA Career Resources
Parents & Families
Undergraduate Careers and Networks
Study Abroad
Lerner students embark on global adventures through study trips and international internships.