URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/graduate-programs/phd-programs/hospitality-business-analytics-ph-d/admissions
TITLE: Applying to the Ph.D. in Hospitality Business Analytics - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
Ph.D. Programs
>
Hospitality Business Analytics (Ph.D.)
>
Applying to the Ph.D. in Hospitality Business Analytics
Admission to the graduate program is competitive. Those who meet stated minimum requirements are not guaranteed admission, nor are those who fail to meet all of those requirements necessarily precluded from admission if they offer appropriate strengths. Assistantships and scholarships are available.
Application Deadline
The program admits students every other year, in even-numbered years. The next class of students will start Fall 2026. We recommend full-time program applicants interested in merit-based funding consideration apply early as those awards are distributed on a rolling basis typically at or close to the time of admission.
Application Deadline
Fall Semester - August 1
(June 1 for international applicants)
Admissions Requirements
1. Application Fee
A $75 application fee is due when you submit your online application.
2. Bachelor’s Degree
A four-year U.S. bachelor’s degree (or equivalent) in any academic field from an accredited college or university with a GPA of 3.0 or higher on a 4.0 scale is required. If you have a three-year non-U.S. degree, you may request a review for determination as to equivalency.
3. Transcripts
Unofficial transcripts of all undergraduate and graduate coursework are required with your application. Do not mail official transcripts during the applicant stage. An English translation must accompany transcripts issued in a language other than English.
4. Resume
Submit a resume or curriculum vitae that documents your prior work experience, publications, honors and awards received and a summary of your educational credentials.
5. Prerequisites
Applicants must have earned a grade of B in an undergraduate course in calculus to be able to apply. Preference is given to applicants from the primary fields of hospitality management, tourism management or business management, including functional areas such as management science, finance, marketing and MIS. Applicants from supporting fields described below with three years of relevant managerial experience are also eligible to apply.
Data science
Economics
Statistics
Mathematics
Computer science
Engineering
Sciences (physics, chemistry, biology etc.)
Social sciences (psychology, sociology, geography etc.)
Architecture
Public policy
Environmental studies
6. GRE or GMAT
Both GRE and GMAT test scores are acceptable. All exams must have been taken within two years before applying to the program. Scores should be very competitive given the rigorous quantitative and writing-intensive requirements of the program.
7. Personal Statement
Submit a personal statement that details your goals and objectives and clearly identifies your interest in the Lerner College degree program.
8. Three Letters of Recommendation
Recommendation forms are emailed directly from the online application to the three recommenders whose names and email addresses you provide. Instructions for returning the completed forms are included in the emails.
Tuition & Fees
Tuition
The tuition rate for 2025-2026 is $1,116/credit.
Fees
All graduate students are responsible for mandatory fees in the fall and spring semesters. These fees vary based on whether a student is taking the program on a full-time or part-time basis. There are no registration fees for online programs. To verify whether your program is available online, see
University of Delaware's online programs page
.
Please visit the graduate fees and financial aid page in the Graduate Catalog for full details.
International Students
The University of Delaware is an ideal place for a great education in a global atmosphere.
As an international student, you’ll join a diverse network of learners from around the world who bring unique perspectives, cultures and ideas to campus, enriching the UD experience.
International Application Requirements
As an international applicant, you must:
Fulfill all the admissions requirements for domestic students.
Provide translation and other supporting documents for transcripts.
Demonstrate English proficiency by doing one of the following:
Submit a TOEFL iBT score of at least 100, or 4.5 on the new TOEFL iBT scale,
Submit an IELTS score of 7.5 or higher,
Provide proof of having earned a college degree in a country where English is the primary language, or
Apply through the Conditional Admission Program (CAP)
The Graduate & Professional Education office provides more
detailed information on its test scores page
. Please note World Education Services (WES) evaluations are no longer accepted.
Conditional Admission Program (CAP)
The
Conditional Admissions Program (CAP)
provides international students acceptance into the program without the need to take the TOEFL iBT exam. After completing CAP at the University of Delaware’s English Language Institute (ELI) you begin your coursework.
The length of time you will need to study in the ELI depends on your English skills when you enter the program. Please see the
Graduate CAP Business Track
page on the ELI website for more information.
Services for International Students
UD and the Lerner College offer many services to help you, both in class and out.
The Conditional Admission Program (CAP)
Graduate student organizations
International Student and Scholar Services (ISSS)
Start Your Application