URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/mba-programs/mba-specializations/artificial-intelligence
TITLE: MBA Artificial Intelligence - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
MBA Programs
>
MBA Specializations
>
MBA Artificial Intelligence
Generative AI is revolutionizing content creation, data analysis and decision making. Become a leader in the use of generative AI to make business processes easier, faster and more efficient. No prior technical expertise is required, making the concentration ideal for working professionals from a variety of fields and experience levels.
Through the concentration in artificial intelligence, you will:
Learn how to implement AI strategies for your organization
Develop LLM (Large Language Model) apps using low-code tools and systems
Generate images and videos using diffusion models
Learn from industry leading faculty who are pioneers in AI technology
Solve business analytics problems using LLMs
Online Format
The courses for the artificial intelligence concentration are offered online. You may take MBA core courses outside the specialization in person or online.
Program Requirements
The
Lerner MBA’s
core business courses and professional development classes give you a solid base of business management knowledge.
The MBA concentration in artificial intelligence requires 3 courses.
Concentration Courses (9 credits)
MISY 670 – Introduction to Generative AI
BUAD 651 – Generative AI for Business Analytics
ECON 626 – Generative AI for Data Visualization
Other graduate business courses may be approved by the program director as applicable.
Admissions Information
Learn more about MBA admissions requirements, deadlines, tuition and financial aid available to you.
Applying to the Program
MBA Specializations
MBA Accounting
MBA Artificial Intelligence
MBA Business Analytics
MBA Digital and Social Media
MBA Entrepreneurship and Innovation
MBA Finance
MBA Healthcare Management
MBA Hospitality Business Management
MBA Information Technology
MBA International Business
MBA Public Relations
MBA Strategic Leadership
Request Information
Loading...
Brochure
Applying to the Program
Questions About the MBA?
Meet with the admissions team during one of our upcoming Zoom sessions.