URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/graduate-programs/masters-programs/financial-services-analytics-m-s
TITLE: Financial Services Analytics (M.S.) - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
Master’s Programs
>
Financial Services Analytics (M.S.)
Create solutions in the innovative banking, fintech and tech industries.
The M.S. in Financial Services Analytics (FSAN) program is a joint initiative between the Alfred Lerner College of Business and Economics and the College of Engineering. It provides rigorous training in financial theory, practical knowledge of the financial services industry, and advanced data science techniques, including artificial intelligence and machine learning.
The curriculum is built around three core areas: financial risk management, financial operations and financial management. This interdisciplinary STEM program offers the flexibility to accommodate students’ diverse backgrounds, interests and career goals, while also aligning with employer needs. Graduates are well-prepared for roles in fintech and the broader financial services industry, or may choose to pursue further study in UD’s
Ph.D. in FSAN program
.
30 credits
$33,480*
1-2 years*
*Total cost and time to complete the program varies, depending on curriculum choices, personal schedules and program fees.
Flexible Format Options
This on campus program is 30 credits and can be completed in as little as one calendar year or within three years.
Program Highlights
Learn and use advanced data science tools, such as R, Python, SAS, SQL, Gurobi, CVX, PyTorc
This rigorous program shares core classes with the Ph.D. program
Our interdisciplinary faculty are leaders in research and publication
Gain access to Lerner Career Services Center’s top-notch
graduate internship and mentorship programs
Delaware is a nationwide leader in fintech, business and financial services
You may
seamlessly transition to the Ph.D. in FSAN
Program Requirements
For the most accurate and up-to-date degree requirements, visit
UD’s course catalog
. Under the Department of Finance, select “Display Programs” to find your degree and view course options and sequencing.
STEM Business Program
This STEM-designated business program builds the quantitative, analytical and technical skills employers prioritize today, such as data analysis, AI fundamentals, financial modeling and technological proficiency. STEM occupations are high earning, with a median wage double that of non-STEM fields, and are projected to grow faster than overall employment, according to the
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
.
Lerner Graduate Success
After graduation in 2024, 97% of masters-level students were employed (earning an average salary of $90,870).
The Career Outcomes website
reports what our graduates do, where they work and the salaries they make.
Contact
Dr. Bintong Chen
Professor of Operations Management, Director – Institute for Financial Services Analytics, Faculty Director – Financial Services Analytics Ph.D. Program
(302) 831-2756
Kelly Chan
Academic Coordinator
(302) 831-6526
about-FSAN@udel.edu
Admissions Information
Learn more about master of science in financial services analytics admissions requirements, deadlines and tuition.
Applying to the Program
Master’s Programs
Accounting (M.S.)
Applied Artificial Intelligence for Business (M.S.)
Business Analytics and Information Management (M.S.)
Economics and Applied Econometrics (M.S.)
Economics and Entrepreneurship for Educators (M.A.)
Finance (M.S.)
Financial Services Analytics (M.S.)
Hospitality Business Management (M.S.)
Hospitality and Sport Business Analytics (M.S.)
International Business (M.S.)
Applying to the Program
Lerner STEM Business Degrees
Explore Lerner STEM-designated programs and their career advantages.
Institute for Financial Services Analytics (IFSA)
IFSA offers research seminars and conferences that connect education and industry in the emerging field of financial services analytics.
Request Information
Loading...