URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/graduate-programs/graduate-certificate-programs/graduate-certificate-in-international-business
TITLE: Graduate Certificate in International Business - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
Graduate Certificate Programs
>
Graduate Certificate in International Business
Business without borders. Leadership without limits.
Get the tools to lead across borders, industries and time zones. The international business certificate equips you with the knowledge and mindset to thrive in today’s global marketplace. You’ll learn how to navigate complex global environments, manage international operations, respond to worldwide trends and build connections that drive collaboration and results. Whether you’re building toward an MBA or sharpening your edge in the field, this program helps you stand out in a competitive, global job market.
Program Highlights
Why choose the International Business Certificate?
Earn a graduate-level credential in as little as one year
Flexible format, available both online and on campus
Transfer credits toward an MBA or other business graduate degree
Develop leadership skills to manage across global boundaries
Learn to navigate global megatrends and shifting business dynamics
Designed for working professionals, career changers and grad students
Program Requirements
Maintain a 3.0 GPA to be awarded the certificate.
Courses (12 credits)
BUAD 611 – Globalization and Business
BUAD 641 – Managing the Global Enterprise
BUAD 648 – Navigating Global Dynamics: Perspectives and Principles
BUAD 678 – Leading Across Boundaries
Course substitutions are possible with approval from the program director.
Continue to a Graduate Degree
After completing the certificate coursework, you can work with your academic advisor to continue directly into
the Lerner MBA
or another
master’s program
. To use these credits, students must continue into the graduate program and change their program of study before the certificate is awarded. Credits cannot be applied once the certificate is conferred.
Learn More
To learn more about this program, contact us at
lernergrad@udel.edu
.
Admissions Information
Learn more about the graduate certificate requirements, deadlines and tuition.
Applying to the Program
Graduate Certificate Programs
Business Analytics
Business Fundamentals
Entrepreneurship & Innovation
Finance
Generative AI for Business
International Business
Strategic Leadership
Technology Product Management
Request Information
Loading...
Applying to the Program