URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/graduate-programs/masters-programs/international-business-ms/admissions
TITLE: Applying to the M.S. in International Business - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
Master’s Programs
>
International Business (M.S.)
>
Applying to the M.S. in International Business
Application Deadlines
Applications are accepted at any time. You may begin in the fall, spring or summer. Applicants are considered for admission on a rolling basis.
We recommend full-time program applicants interested in merit-based funding consideration apply early as those awards are distributed on a rolling basis typically at or close to the time of admission.
Application Deadlines:
Fall Semester - August 1
(June 1 for international applicants)
Spring Semester - January 1
(November 1 for international applicants)
Summer Session - May 1
(
International applicants are not generally admitted for this term.
)
Admissions Requirements
1. Application Fee
A $75 application fee is due when you submit your online application.
2. Bachelor’s Degree
A four-year U.S. bachelor’s degree in any academic field from an accredited college or university with a GPA of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale is required.
If you have a three-year non-U.S. degree, you may request a review for determination as to equivalency.
3. Transcripts
Unofficial transcripts of all undergraduate and graduate coursework are required with your application. Do not mail official transcripts during the applicant stage. An English translation must accompany transcripts issued in a language other than English.
4. Resume
A resume or curriculum vitae that documents your prior work experience, publications, honors and awards received and a summary of your educational credentials.
5. Prerequisites
You may have an undergraduate degree from any discipline. If you are currently enrolled in an undergraduate program and expect to complete it before the M.S. program start date, you are invited to apply.
Well-qualified students will have:
Strong written and oral communication skills
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Demonstrated interest and/or experience in global business
6. GMAT/GRE Optional
GMAT/GRE Test scores are not required.
Our typical applicant has the equivalent of a 4-year US Bachelor’s degree, a 3.2/4.0 GPA with strong analytical coursework and a minimum of two months of full-time professional internship experience.
If you wish to strengthen your application you may take, at your option, the GMAT/GRE, but submission of scores is not required. If you are not submitting a GMAT/GRE score, please select that you request a waiver on the Test Score Waivers page of the application.
7. Personal Statement
A personal statement or essay addressing your professional and academic achievements that will help you succeed in international business. Your personal statement should answer these questions:
Why do you wish to pursue your graduate studies at the University of Delaware? What, in your opinion, makes UD special?
What are your career objectives and how will an M.S. in international business help you achieve your goals?
What does the word “global” mean to you?
8. Two Letters of Recommendation
Recommendation forms are emailed directly from the online application to the two recommenders whose names and email addresses you provide. Instructions for returning the completed forms are included in the emails.
9. Interview
You may also be required to pass a formal interview.
Tuition & Fees
Tuition
The tuition rate for 2025-2026 is $1,116/credit.
Fees
All graduate students are responsible for mandatory fees in the fall and spring semesters. These fees vary based on whether a student is taking the program on a full-time or part-time basis. There are no registration fees for online programs. To verify whether your program is available online, see
University of Delaware's online programs page
.
Please visit the graduate fees and financial aid page in the Graduate Catalog for full details.
Funding Opportunities
Merit-Based Awards
Merit-based opportunities listed on this page are available to full-time students. Students must maintain an overall GPA of 3.0 to be eligible for any type of funding.
Graduate Scholarships
Graduate scholarships are available for exceptionally qualified full-time applicants. These scholarships may be up to 25% of tuition and are awarded for up to two years. No additional application for the scholarship is required.
Teaching Assistantships
The GradWorks program provides M.S. or MBA students paid, hands-on experience as teaching assistants. Working alongside faculty, students may assist with grading, class discussions, course material preparation, in-class support and special projects. You may apply for a teaching assistantship in your first semester. Once approved, your résumé will be shared with academic departments. If your skills align with faculty needs, you will be contacted by the department. Assistantships are paid hourly.
Additional Scholarship Opportunities
Lerner College is offering several scholarships for the 2025-2026 academic year to support students based on their connection to UD or recent economic challenges. Only one 20% graduate scholarship may be applied per qualifying student. These scholarships cannot be combined with other University of Delaware funding offers, including merit-based awards or assistantships.
UD Alumni Support Scholarship:
A 20% tuition scholarship and waived application fee for University of Delaware alumni pursuing any Lerner graduate program.
UD Student Support Scholarship:
A 20% scholarship for current UD juniors, seniors and recent grads entering Lerner graduate programs or 4+1 options.
Economic Hardship Scholarship:
A 20% tuition scholarship and fee waiver for individuals who experienced job loss in 2025 or 2026.
To determine your eligibility for one of these scholarships, please contact us at
lernergrad@udel.edu
.
Funding Resources
UD student financial services
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
Finaid.org - information and advice
Fastweb.com - scholarship search
Sallie Mae scholarship search
International Students
The University of Delaware is an ideal place for a great education in a global atmosphere.
As an international student, you’ll join a diverse network of learners from around the world who bring unique perspectives, cultures and ideas to campus, enriching the UD experience.
International Application Requirements
As an international applicant, you must:
Fulfill all the admissions requirements for domestic students.
Provide translation and other supporting documents for transcripts.
Demonstrate English proficiency by doing one of the following:
Submit a TOEFL iBT score of at least 100, or 4.5 on the new TOEFL iBT scale,
Submit an IELTS score of 7.5 or higher,
Provide proof of having earned a college degree in a country where English is the primary language, or
Apply through the Conditional Admission Program (CAP)
The Graduate & Professional Education office provides more
detailed information on its test scores page
. Please note World Education Services (WES) evaluations are no longer accepted.
Conditional Admission Program (CAP)
The
Conditional Admissions Program (CAP)
provides international students acceptance into the program without the need to take the TOEFL iBT exam. After completing CAP at the University of Delaware’s English Language Institute (ELI) you begin your coursework.
The length of time you will need to study in the ELI depends on your English skills when you enter the program. Please see the
Graduate CAP Business Track
page on the ELI website for more information.
Services for International Students
UD and the Lerner College offer many services to help you, both in class and out.
The Conditional Admission Program (CAP)
Graduate student organizations
International Student and Scholar Services (ISSS)
Start Your Application