URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/mba-programs/mba-specializations/business-analytics
TITLE: MBA Business Analytics - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
MBA Programs
>
MBA Specializations
>
MBA Business Analytics
Inform business decisions by integrating data science, business strategy and management science.
Today, “big data” is big business. In the business analytics MBA major or concentration, you will learn the data visualization tools and techniques to reveal the information contained in vast amounts of raw data. You’ll prepare for a job or career that uses data science to inform business decisions, optimize operations and predict future trends.
Take advantage of career opportunities in this growing field, in our central Delaware location — within a few hours of Washington D.C., Baltimore, Philadelphia and New York City. Lerner’s state-of-the-art facilities foster collaboration among students, faculty and industry, such as the JPMorgan Chase Innovation Center and the Geltzeiler Trading Center.
Format
You can complete the Lerner MBA with a business analytics major or concentration on campus or
online
– the degree program is the same no matter the format. You can also take several online courses while enrolled in the on-campus program.
Alumna Anne Magloire Anaba
In this interview, Anne Magloire Anaba, class of 2020, MBA in business analytics, shares her insights on the opportunities she found at UD’s Alfred Lerner College of Business and Economics, and the impact they had on her future.
Read the interview
Program Requirements
For the most accurate and up-to-date degree requirements, visit
UD’s course catalog
. Under the Department of Accounting and Management Information Systems, select “Display Programs” to find your degree and view course options and sequencing.
STEM Business Program
This STEM-designated MBA major builds the quantitative, analytical and technical skills employers prioritize today, such as data analysis, AI fundamentals, financial modeling and technological proficiency. STEM occupations are high earning, with a median wage double that of non-STEM fields, and are projected to grow faster than overall employment, according to the
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
.
Career Opportunities
Business analyst
Financial analyst
Business analytics specialist
Manager of operations planning & analytics
Quantitative analytics consultant
Digital marketing analyst
Director of business intelligence
Top Lerner MBA Employers
Bank of America
Barclays
Capital One
Deloitte
DuPont
EY
JPMorgan Chase
PwC
Admissions Information
Learn more about MBA admissions requirements, deadlines, tuition and financial aid available to you.
Applying to the Program
MBA Specializations
MBA Accounting
MBA Artificial Intelligence
MBA Business Analytics
MBA Digital and Social Media
MBA Entrepreneurship and Innovation
MBA Finance
MBA Healthcare Management
MBA Hospitality Business Management
MBA Information Technology
MBA International Business
MBA Public Relations
MBA Strategic Leadership
Request Information
Loading...
Brochure
Applying to the Program
Questions About the MBA?
Meet with the admissions team during one of our upcoming Zoom sessions.
Lerner STEM Business Degrees
Explore Lerner STEM-designated programs and their career advantages.
AACSB Accredited
For over 50 years, most Lerner business and accounting programs have been accredited by AACSB.