URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/graduate-programs/graduate-certificate-programs/graduate-certificate-in-international-business/admissions
TITLE: Applying to the Grad Certificate in International Business - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
Graduate Certificate Programs
>
Graduate Certificate in International Business
>
Applying to the Grad Certificate in International Business
Begin assembling your required application materials as electronic documents before completing the
online graduate application
. Do not mail any documents.
Application Dates and Guidelines
Certificates are part-time and not available as stand-alone programs for international students. International applicants interested in graduate-level business education are encouraged to explore
Lerner’s MBA
or other
master’s degree options.
Application Deadlines
Admissions decisions are made on a rolling basis throughout the year. Students may begin in the fall, spring or summer sessions, depending on course availability.
Course Waiver/Substitutions
Students who have completed an MBA from an AACSB-accredited program—or meet waiver requirements based on prior coursework—may be eligible for course substitutions within the graduate certificate program.
Up to 12 credits from the certificate may also be applied toward the UD MBA or select master’s programs. However, certificate courses cannot be used to fulfill requirements for an MBA concentration or major.
If you’re interested in applying your certificate credits toward a graduate degree, contact
mbaprogram@udel.edu
to explore your options.
Admissions Requirements
1. Online Application
Begin assembling your required application materials as electronic documents before completing the online graduate application. Do not mail any documents.
2. Application Fee
A $75 application fee is due when you submit your online application.
3. Bachelor’s Degree
A four-year U.S. bachelor’s degree in any academic field from an accredited college or university is required. Current undergraduate students must show intent to complete the undergraduate degree prior to enrolling in graduate level coursework, and all undergraduate coursework must be completed before starting the first graduate course.
4. Transcripts
An unofficial transcript is required with your application. You should visit the Registrar’s page of your home institution (post-high school institutions only) to print an unofficial copy to create your scan. If your home institution does not provide this service, ask for a student copy to create your scan. Do not mail official transcripts during the applicant stage.
Please visit
http://grad.udel.edu/apply/transcripts/
for more detailed information.
5. Personal Statement / Essay
We are looking for an insightful, specific and brief essay on the following prompt:
Outline your educational plans and career goals and discuss how your proposed plan of graduate study relates to them. What are the specific attributes of the program at UD that lead you to believe that this program is appropriate to help you achieve your professional objectives?
6. Resume
A resume or CV documenting your work experience, publications, honors and awards received, and educational credentials.
7. Two Letters of Recommendation
You provide names and email addresses for your recommenders, and recommendation forms are emailed directly to them from the online application. Instructions are included as to how to return the completed forms electronically.
8. GMAT/GRE Optional
If you are not submitting a GMAT/GRE score, please select that you request a waiver on the Test Score Waivers page of the application.
9. Work Experience
The typical applicant has two or more years of experience (work experience, volunteer work, community service, internships, significant academic projects, etc.) but all applicants are considered even if they have limited professional experience. Outstanding undergraduate GPAs and GMAT/GRE scores will strengthen your application if you have less than two years of experience.
10. Math Requirement
To be successful in the MBA program, you must demonstrate strong analytical and quantitative skills through prior academic work and/or recent professional experience. Applicants who are otherwise qualified for admission but lacking successful coursework in non-introductory statistics, calculus, linear math classes or work experience, may be asked to complete at their expense an
MBA Math course
in order to be admitted to the program. This will be communicated upon the completion of the Admissions Committee’s review of the full application.
Tuition & Fees
Tuition
The tuition rate for 2025-2026 is $1,116/credit.
Fees
All graduate students are responsible for mandatory fees in the fall and spring semesters. These fees vary based on whether a student is taking the program on a full-time or part-time basis. There are no registration fees for online programs. To verify whether your program is available online, see
University of Delaware's online programs page
.
Please visit the graduate fees and financial aid page in the Graduate Catalog for full details.
Scholarship Opportunities
Lerner College is offering several scholarships to support students based on their connection to UD or recent economic challenges. Only one 20% graduate scholarship may be applied per qualifying student. These scholarships cannot be combined with other Lerner funding offers, including merit-based awards.
UD Alumni Support Scholarship:
A 20% tuition scholarship and waived application fee for University of Delaware alumni pursuing any Lerner graduate program.
UD Student Support Scholarship:
A 20% scholarship for current UD juniors, seniors and recent grads entering Lerner graduate programs or 4+1 options.
Economic Hardship Scholarship:
A 20% tuition scholarship and fee waiver for individuals who experienced job loss in 2024 or 2025.
Start Your Application