URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/mba-programs
TITLE: MBA Programs - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
MBA Programs
Invest in an MBA with a proven return.
Earn a top-ranked MBA without the usual hurdles. Skip the GRE/GMAT and start sooner. Study online, on campus or both, and fit your MBA around your schedule. You could even finish in as little as a year.
Lerner’s customizable curriculum focuses on the skills shaping modern business, including analytics and AI. With in-demand
specializations
and
dual degree options
, you can build your MBA around your career goals.
38 credits
Less than $42,500*
1 year*
*Total cost and time to complete the MBA varies, depending on curriculum choices, personal schedules and program fees.
Customized Curriculum
Whether you want to advance in your current job or change careers, the Lerner MBA adapts to your goals. Core MBA courses and seminars ensure you develop must-have business skills. With an
MBA specialization
, you advance your expertise through a major, concentration or tailored electives.
Business Core Courses
Building Emotional Intelligence and Critical Thinking (BUEC 601)
Communicating, Branding and Career Networking (BUEC 603)
Corporate Strategy (BUAD 690)
Economic Analysis for Business Policy (ECON 603)
Ethical Issues in Domestic and Global Business Environments (BUAD 640)
Financial Management (FINC 650)
Financial Reporting and Analysis (ACCT 600)
Fundamentals of Analytics (BUAD 620)
Managing People, Teams and Organizations (BUAD 670)
Marketing Management (BUAD 680)
Operations Management and Management Science (BUAD 631)
Specializations
Focus your MBA with a specialization in one of 12 different fields.
Accounting
Artificial intelligence
Business analytics
Digital and social media
Entrepreneurship and innovation
Finance
Healthcare management
Hospitality business management
Information technology
International business
Public relations
Strategic leadership
Learn More About Our MBA Specializations
Flexible Formats
Most in-person classes are offered in the evening. Online classes are asynchronous, letting you study at your convenience.
Full-Time
1 year; 3-4 courses per semester
Part-Time
18 months-2 years; 1-2 courses per semester
Online
Earn the Lerner MBA from anywhere
Hybrid
Mix and match in-person and online courses
Return on Your Investment
An MBA can be your pathway to a better salary. And it is worth the investment when you get great returns. Lerner online MBA alumni from the class of 2024 received an average salary raise of $17,000 while pursuing their degree.
AVERAGE SALARY:
$103,820
AVERAGE SALARY INCREASE:
$17,000
Why Choose Lerner
In this video, Lerner graduate students describe the experiences they have had at Lerner which have advanced their knowledge and careers.
Experiential Learning
Compete with a team of your peers in the
Carol A. Ammon case competition
Grow through a
mentorship with a seasoned executive
Careers & Networking
Take advantage of
career and networking opportunities
through Lerner’s global alumni network. Delaware is one of the nation’s most important centers of business. Strategically located within an easy commute of Washington D.C., Baltimore, Philadelphia and New York City, the state provides access to some of the world’s most influential leaders of industry.
Admissions Information
At Lerner, we read every application individually and use a portfolio approach. This means that we consider your whole application and no single factor will guarantee or disqualify you from admission.
Applying to the Program
Request Information
Loading...
Brochure
Applying to the Program
Questions About the MBA?
Meet with the admissions team during one of our upcoming Zoom sessions.
Dual Graduate Degrees
Combine the strategic business skills of the MBA with a variety of other disciplines.
The Lerner MBA Online
Learn more about the online Lerner MBA.