URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/graduate-programs/mba-programs/admissions
TITLE: Applying to the MBA - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
MBA Programs
>
Applying to the MBA
Thank you for your interest in the Lerner MBA. We look forward to receiving your application. We read every application individually and use a portfolio approach. This means that we consider your whole application and no single factor will guarantee or disqualify you from admission.
Our typical applicant has:
The equivalent of a 4-year U.S. bachelor’s degree.
Strong analytical and quantitative skills through their prior academic work and/or recent professional experiences. GMAT/GRE scores are not required.
Five years of professional work experience. However, all applicants are considered even if they have limited work experience.
Begin assembling your required application materials as electronic documents before completing the
online graduate application
. Do not mail any documents.
Applicants are considered for admission on a rolling basis.
Application Deadlines
Applications are accepted at any time. You may begin in the fall, spring or summer. Applicants are considered for admission on a rolling basis.
We recommend full-time program applicants interested in merit-based funding consideration apply early as those awards are distributed on a rolling basis typically at or close to the time of admission.
Application Deadlines:
Fall Semester - August 1
(June 1 for international applicants)
Spring Semester - January 1
(November 1 for international applicants)
Summer Session - May 1
(
International applicants are not generally admitted for this term.
)
Admissions Requirements
1. Online Application
Begin assembling your required application materials as electronic documents before completing the online graduate application. Do not mail any documents.
2. Application Fee
A $75 application fee is due when you submit your online application.
3. Bachelor’s Degree
A four-year U.S. bachelor’s degree in any academic field from an accredited college or university is required. Current undergraduate students must show intent to complete the undergraduate degree prior to enrolling in graduate level coursework, and all undergraduate coursework must be completed before starting the first graduate course.
If you have a three-year non-U.S. degree, you may request a review for determination as to equivalency by emailing
mbaprogram@udel.edu
after you have submitted your application and uploaded your transcripts, resume, GMAT/GRE scores (optional) and TOEFL/IELTS scores (international applicants only).
4. Transcripts
An unofficial transcript is required with your application. You should visit the registrar’s page of your home institution (post-high school institutions only) to print an unofficial copy to create your scan. If your home institution does not provide this service, ask for a student copy to create your scan. Do not mail official transcripts during the applicant stage.
Please visit
http://grad.udel.edu/apply/transcripts/
for more detailed information.
5. Personal Statement / Essay
We are looking for insightful, specific and brief essays. The following prompt is mandatory:
Mandatory Question:
Outline your educational plans and career goals, and discuss how your proposed plan of graduate study aligns with them. Some areas of discussion might include specific attributes of the program at UD that led you to believe this degree is appropriate for achieving your professional objectives. Are there areas of special interest within your selected field of study?
You can supplement your application by answering one or both of the following optional prompts:
Optional Question 1:
Communicating effectively with prospective customers is crucial in a business plan. Please critique our marketing efforts for the University of Delaware Lerner Graduate programs, using specific examples of where and how you learned about our program (e.g., specific radio stations, internet sites, publications, TV stations, etc.). How effective were these channels in motivating you to apply? What are some strengths of our marketing efforts, and what improvements could be made? What do you believe is the best way to reach prospective students like yourself? We value insightful, specific, and concise responses.
Optional Question 2:
Is there any additional information not covered elsewhere in your application that you would like to share with the Graduate Admissions Committee? This could include special circumstances related to your academic record, such as a low GPA or low GRE/GMAT scores, or any challenging social, economic, educational, cultural, or other life circumstances that you have overcome to succeed in higher education.
6. Resume
A resume, or curriculum vitae, that documents your prior work experience, publications, honors and awards received, and a summary of your educational credentials.
7. Two Letters of Recommendation
You provide names and email addresses for your recommenders, and recommendation forms are emailed directly to them from the online application. Instructions are included as to how to return the completed forms electronically.
8. GMAT/GRE Optional
If you are not submitting a GMAT/GRE score, please select that you request a waiver on the Test Score Waivers page of the application.
9. Work Experience
The typical applicant has five or more years of experience (work experience, volunteer work, community service, internships, significant academic projects, etc.) but all applicants are considered even if they have limited professional experience.
10. Math Requirement
To be successful in the MBA program, you must demonstrate strong analytical and quantitative skills through prior academic work and/or recent professional experience. Applicants who are otherwise qualified for admission but lacking successful coursework in non-introductory statistics, calculus, linear math classes or work experience, may be asked to complete at their expense the
GMAC Business Fundamentals course
in order to be admitted to the program. This will be communicated upon the completion of the Admissions Committee’s review of the full application.
Tuition & Fees
Tuition
The tuition rate for 2025-2026 is $1,116/credit.
Fees
All graduate students are responsible for mandatory fees in the fall and spring semesters. These fees vary based on whether a student is taking the program on a full-time or part-time basis. There are no registration fees for online programs. To verify whether your program is available online, see
University of Delaware's online programs page
.
Please visit the graduate fees and financial aid page in the Graduate Catalog for full details.
Funding Opportunities
Merit-Based Awards
Merit-based opportunities listed on this page are available to full-time students. Students must maintain an overall GPA of 3.0 to be eligible for any type of funding.
Graduate Scholarships
Graduate scholarships are available for exceptionally qualified full-time applicants. These scholarships may be up to 25% of tuition and are awarded for up to two years. No additional application for the scholarship is required.
Teaching Assistantships
The GradWorks program provides M.S. or MBA students paid, hands-on experience as teaching assistants. Working alongside faculty, students may assist with grading, class discussions, course material preparation, in-class support and special projects. You may apply for a teaching assistantship in your first semester. Once approved, your résumé will be shared with academic departments. If your skills align with faculty needs, you will be contacted by the department. Assistantships are paid hourly.
Additional Scholarship Opportunities
Lerner College is offering several scholarships for the 2025-2026 academic year to support students based on their connection to UD or recent economic challenges. Only one 20% graduate scholarship may be applied per qualifying student. These scholarships cannot be combined with other University of Delaware funding offers, including merit-based awards or assistantships.
UD Alumni Support Scholarship:
A 20% tuition scholarship and waived application fee for University of Delaware alumni pursuing any Lerner graduate program.
UD Student Support Scholarship:
A 20% scholarship for current UD juniors, seniors and recent grads entering Lerner graduate programs or 4+1 options.
Economic Hardship Scholarship:
A 20% tuition scholarship and fee waiver for individuals who experienced job loss in 2025 or 2026.
To determine your eligibility for one of these scholarships, please contact us at
lernergrad@udel.edu
.
Funding Resources
UD student financial services
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
Finaid.org - information and advice
Fastweb.com - scholarship search
Sallie Mae scholarship search
International Students
The University of Delaware is an ideal place for a great education in a global atmosphere.
As an international student, you’ll join a diverse network of learners from around the world who bring unique perspectives, cultures and ideas to campus, enriching the UD experience.
International Application Requirements
As an international applicant, you must:
Fulfill all the admissions requirements for domestic students.
Provide translation and other supporting documents for transcripts.
Demonstrate English proficiency by doing one of the following:
Submit a TOEFL iBT score of at least 100, or 4.5 on the new TOEFL iBT scale,
Submit an IELTS score of 7.5 or higher,
Provide proof of having earned a college degree in a country where English is the primary language, or
Apply through the Conditional Admission Program (CAP)
The Graduate & Professional Education office provides more
detailed information on its test scores page
. Please note World Education Services (WES) evaluations are no longer accepted.
Conditional Admission Program (CAP)
The
Conditional Admissions Program (CAP)
provides international students acceptance into the program without the need to take the TOEFL iBT exam. After completing CAP at the University of Delaware’s English Language Institute (ELI) you begin your coursework.
The length of time you will need to study in the ELI depends on your English skills when you enter the program. Please see the
Graduate CAP Business Track
page on the ELI website for more information.
Services for International Students
UD and the Lerner College offer many services to help you, both in class and out.
The Conditional Admission Program (CAP)
Graduate student organizations
International Student and Scholar Services (ISSS)
START YOUR APPLICATION