URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/graduate-programs/phd-programs/financial-services-analytics-phd
TITLE: Financial Services Analytics (FSAN) (Ph.D.) - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
Ph.D. Programs
>
Financial Services Analytics (FSAN) (Ph.D.)
Lead research and practice in the area of financial services analytics.
The financial services analytics (FSAN) doctoral program at the University of Delaware (UD) is the first of its kind, developing fundamental data science theories and models, and creating data-driven decision-making tools applicable to the financial services industry and other technology industries. It is an interdisciplinary STEM-designated program – a joint effort between UD’s Alfred Lerner College of Business and Economics and College of Engineering.
FSAN students have very diverse academic backgrounds; they have B.S. and/or M.S. degrees in areas such as math, statistics, computer science and many related business and engineering disciplines.
Program Highlights
STEM Business Program
This STEM-designated business degree builds the quantitative, analytical and technical skills employers prioritize today, such as data analysis, AI fundamentals, financial modeling and technological proficiency. STEM occupations are high earning, with a median wage double that of non-STEM fields, and are projected to grow faster than overall employment, according to the
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
.
Facilities
Our state-of-the-art facilities are designed to foster collaboration among students, faculty and industry; these include the JPMorganChase Innovation Center, the Geltzeiler Trading Center and the Harker Interdisciplinary Science and Engineering Laboratory.
Financial Support
Through a significant grant from JPMorganChase, top candidates are provided with financial support – including tuition and a competitive stipend.
Student Experience
The small student cohort provides ample opportunities for close interaction with thought-leading faculty from multiple disciplines including business, engineering and computer science.
Program Requirements
To be granted a doctorate in FSAN, you must successfully complete all FSAN coursework with a 3.0 cumulative GPA. Most students complete all degree requirements within 4 to 6 years.
For the most accurate and up-to-date degree requirements, visit
UD’s course catalog
. Under the Department of Finance, select “Display Programs” to find your degree and view course options and sequencing.
A Look Into the Program
Student Research Topics
FSAN students work closely with their supervisors to identify cutting-edge research topics related to modern data science theory, algorithms and applications in banking and the financial and tech industries. Sample dissertation topics include:
Bayesian causal inference
predictive analytics
bank systemic risk
malware detection and classification
credit card fraud detection
NLP & chat-bots
link recommendation
text-based industry classification
loan process optimization
customer targeting
active learning on graphs
Career Opportunities
Our program generates excellent internship opportunities and industry and academic job prospects.
Corporate-sponsored internships offer you the opportunity to apply analytics tools to real-world challenges on teams in wealth management, machine learning, data architecture, investment banking, global finance and business management. Most students gain internship experience while pursuing their Ph.D. degrees.
FSAN graduates are researchers and professionals who play key roles in teams that bridge the financial services industry and data and operational sciences. They are now employed as data scientists in major banks, fintech companies and technology companies. The FSAN program works closely with Lerner Career Services to provide personalized, high quality career assistance.
Where Our Students Intern
JPMorganChase
Barclays
Sallie Mae
Amazon
LinkedIn
HP
Where Our Graduates Work
Academic Institutions:
Chinese University of Hong Kong (Shenzhen)
Shanghai University of Finance & Economics
University of Delaware
Virginia Tech
Banking and Financial Services:
JPMorganChase
Bank of America
Barclays
Sallie Mae
USAA
Industry:
Amazon
LinkedIn
McKesson
Meta
Microsoft
"UD was able to merge finance, data mining, statistics and other areas to create the FSAN program. This is also reflected in the diversity of the students. We come from different fields, and it is wonderful how we are able to complement each other in so many different ways."
- FSAN student Leonardo De La Rosa Angarita
News
Lerner Career Lab Prepares Students for Real-World Careers
-
Lerner Career Services introduces Career Lab, a monthly workshop using employer-designed job simulations to help undergraduate and graduate business students gain hands-on experience, explore career paths and build job-ready skills.
IFSA launches advisory board to strengthen industry ties
-
UD’s Institute for Financial Services Analytics launched its inaugural advisory board, bringing together industry and academic leaders to strengthen collaboration, guide strategy and enhance student opportunities in financial services analytics.
My Summer Internship: Mehrdad Soltani
-
Soltani, Class of 2026 financial services analytics Ph.D. student, spent his summer as a quantitative associate analyst at JPMorgan Chase.
My Summer Internship: Olamide (Lamal) Ayodele
-
Ayodele, financial services analytics Ph.D. student, spent his summer as a quantitative analytics associate with JPMorgan Chase Asset and Wealth Management.
UD Alum, JPMorganChase Executive Morgan Dean Back to Campus Visiting Financial Services Analytics Program
-
Dean, the Head of CCB Risk Modeling at JPMC, delivered a Distinguished Alumni Lecture to FSAN students, faculty members and administrators.
Learn More
Contact Dr. Bintong Chen
302-831-2756
about-FSAN@udel.edu
Explore the doctorate in FSAN by viewing a recent FSAN information session.
Admissions Information
We accept students every other year, in even-numbered years. The application deadline for the next cohort (beginning fall semester 2026) is May 15, 2026. Students seeking financial aid should submit their applications by January 15, 2026, but late applications will be considered if funds are available. Highly-qualified students may receive research scholarships as well as a generous stipend to cover all educational expenses.
Learn more about the financial services analytics Ph.D. admissions requirements, deadlines, tuition and financial aid available to you.
Applying to the Program
Ph.D. Programs
Economics (Ph.D.)
Financial Services Analytics (FSAN) (Ph.D.)
Hospitality Business Analytics (Ph.D.)
Request Information
Loading...
Visit Campus
Applying to the Program
Institute for Financial Services Analytics (IFSA)
IFSA offers research seminars and conferences that connect education and industry in the emerging field of financial services analytics.
Lerner STEM Business Degrees
Explore Lerner STEM-designated programs and their career advantages.
Carol A. Ammon Case Competition
Graduate student teams present their solutions to current issues faced by the competition’s focal company.