URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/graduate-programs/masters-programs/international-business-ms
TITLE: International Business (M.S.) - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
Master’s Programs
>
International Business (M.S.)
The increasingly complex market is your opportunity.
As the global economy expands, so does the need for specialists who can understand it, navigate it and drive it forward.
The master of science in international business at Lerner College is available on-campus,
online
and as a hybrid of both formats. The degree prepares you to play a larger strategic, financial and managerial role. You’ll study frameworks and case studies that will help you to spot trends and weigh opportunities, and learn skills for adapting to cultural differences in the workplace and in the marketplace.
30 credits
$33,480*
1-2 years*
*Total cost and time to complete the program varies, depending on curriculum choices, personal schedules and program fees.
Program Highlights
The M.S. in international business features:
A 12-credit international module that develops your ability to assess, understand, interpret and apply principles and practices of global management
A 3-credit international business elective to further develop your global perspective, according to your personal interests and professional ambitions
A business module you design by selecting 15 credits of coursework in areas such as management, analytics, information systems, accounting, economics, finance, marketing, and entrepreneurship analytics
You will benefit from experienced and generous faculty who have lived, taught and worked around the world. Internships, global study opportunities, campus events and presentations and a diverse set of peers all provide unique opportunities. Broaden your perspective and sharpen your focus around particular themes or business situations of interest.
Join students from all over the world, including China, India, Saudi Arabia, Thailand, the United States and Vietnam who come from many different undergraduate backgrounds like business, engineering, international studies and the arts and sciences.
Business Alumnus Denise Naomi Wakiaga
In this video Naomi talks about how UD became her home when she least expected it, and how the opportunities presented to her by the Lerner college at UD have sculpted her future.
Watch the video
Format Options
On-campus
The on-campus program can be completed full-time (in one year) or part-time.
Online
The
online program
features the same instruction as the on-campus program.
Hybrid
Combine on-campus and online courses for a program with the most flexibility.
Program Requirements
For the most accurate and up-to-date degree requirements, visit
UD’s course catalog
. Under the Department of Business Administration, select “Display Programs” to find your degree and view course options and sequencing.
Faculty Research
Learn from faculty who have conducted or are currently conducting research in international business topics, including:
Business plan consulting
Entrepreneurship in war zones and under adverse conditions
Global mindset and leadership in teams
International management
Business cultures
Business plan consulting
Modeling consumer perceptions and choice
Marketing strategies of multinational companies
Cross-cultural and cross-national consumer marketing
Firm-government bargaining relations
Cross-border social capital
Cultural cognition
International business and the environment
Organizational and institutional level policies, practices, cultures and structures
Career Opportunities
Graduates prepared to navigate and drive global business thrive in the public and private sector. Employers of international business grads often include:
Multinational manufacturers
Consulting firms
International nongovernmental organizations (NGOs)
Large banks and financial services firms
Import/export corporations
Transportation industries
Common careers titles:
Business development consultant
Multinational manager
International marketing director
Financial controller
Please visit
Lerner Career Services
for specific information on job listings, student recruitment programs, job fairs and career and planning assistance.
News
Lerner Career Lab Prepares Students for Real-World Careers
-
Lerner Career Services introduces Career Lab, a monthly workshop using employer-designed job simulations to help undergraduate and graduate business students gain hands-on experience, explore career paths and build job-ready skills.
Lerner Offers Grad Scholarships, AI Programs for Fall 2025
-
The Lerner College now offers new scholarships and AI programs for Fall 2025, creating flexible, future-ready options for UD students, alumni and professionals navigating career or life transitions.
Lifelong Lerner: Kevin Collaco
-
A native of New York City, Kevin Collaco graduated from Lerner College with dual master's degrees, an MBA in strategic leadership and an M.S. in international business.
$71.5 Million Gift to UD Will Transform Lerner College
-
UD announces largest gift in University's history which will help create Lerner College's Siegfried Hall.
Lifelong Lerner: Lavar Thomas
-
Lavar Thomas, a member of UD’s Lerner Class of 2022, shared his favorite UD memories, how he has grown during his time at UD and his plans following graduation.
Admissions Information
Learn more about master of science in international business admissions requirements, deadlines, tuition and financial aid available to you. Individuals with backgrounds in business, engineering, social sciences and the humanities are encouraged to apply.
Applying to the Program
Master’s Programs
Accounting (M.S.)
Applied Artificial Intelligence for Business (M.S.)
Business Analytics and Information Management (M.S.)
Economics and Applied Econometrics (M.S.)
Economics and Entrepreneurship for Educators (M.A.)
Finance (M.S.)
Financial Services Analytics (M.S.)
Hospitality Business Management (M.S.)
Hospitality and Sport Business Analytics (M.S.)
International Business (M.S.)
Request Information
Loading...
Applying to the Program
Lerner’s Online M.S. in International Business
Learn more about getting the M.S. in international business online.
Carol A. Ammon Case Competition
Graduate student teams present their solutions to current issues faced by the competition’s focal company.
Paul D. Coverdell Fellows Program
Lerner offers two scholarships to incoming M.S. International Business students through the Paul D. Coverdell Fellows program for Peace Corps alumni.