URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/mba-programs/mba-specializations/finance
TITLE: MBA Finance - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
MBA Programs
>
MBA Specializations
>
MBA Finance
Excel in investment banking, corporate finance, financial services and real estate careers.
Combine your MBA with a major in finance and learn how to maximize a firm’s value by acquiring and optimizing funds. By choosing the finance specialization as part of your MBA, you’ll prepare for a career that applies specialized finance knowledge to business challenges.
You can take advantage of internship and career opportunities in our central Delaware location — within a few hours of Washington D.C., Baltimore, Philadelphia and New York City.
Format
The Lerner MBA with a major finance is an on-campus program. You can also take several courses online, giving you more flexibility and allowing you to complete your degree faster. The concentration in finance is available on campus or
online
.
Program Requirements
For the most accurate and up-to-date degree requirements, visit
UD’s course catalog
. Under the Department of Finance, select “Display Programs” to find your degree and view course options and sequencing.
Career Opportunities
Controller
Financial aid officer
Bank economist
Financial consultant
Commercial loan officer
Admissions Information
Learn more about the finance MBA admissions requirements, deadlines, tuition and financial aid available to you.
Applying to the Program
MBA Specializations
MBA Accounting
MBA Artificial Intelligence
MBA Business Analytics
MBA Digital and Social Media
MBA Entrepreneurship and Innovation
MBA Finance
MBA Healthcare Management
MBA Hospitality Business Management
MBA Information Technology
MBA International Business
MBA Public Relations
MBA Strategic Leadership
Request Information
Loading...
Brochure
Applying to the Program
Questions About the MBA?
Meet with the admissions team during one of our upcoming Zoom sessions.
The Lerner MBA Online
Learn more about the online Lerner MBA.