URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/mba-programs/mba-specializations/entrepreneurship-innovation
TITLE: MBA Entrepreneurship and Innovation - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
MBA Programs
>
MBA Specializations
>
MBA Entrepreneurship and Innovation
Plant, develop and grow a business with a competitive advantage.
Develop the entrepreneurial skills and understanding you need to adapt and thrive in any business climate. Through hands-on experiences, you’ll be ready to launch a startup, innovate for an established company or develop sustainable solutions to social problems. You’ll learn from accomplished faculty, as well as your classmates’ own professional expertise in a diverse set of business fields.
Students specializing in entrepreneurship and innovation are encouraged to participate in the many co-curricular and networking opportunities offered by
Horn Entrepreneurship
, such as the Hen Hatch startup funding competition, Free Lunch Friday sessions with expert entrepreneurs and the state-of-the-art Venture Development Center.
Format
The Lerner MBA with a concentration in entrepreneurship and innovation is an on-campus program. You can also take several courses online, giving you more flexibility and allowing you to complete your degree faster.
Alumna Larynette Ndah
In this interview, Larynette Ndah, class of 2020, MBA in corporate finance and entrepreneurial studies, shares her insights on the opportunities she found at UD’s Alfred Lerner College of Business and Economics, and the impact they had on her future.
Read the interview
Program Requirements
For the most accurate and up-to-date degree requirements, visit
UD’s course catalog
. Under the Department of Business Administration, select “Display Programs” to find your degree and view course options and sequencing.
Career Opportunities
The creative nature of entrepreneurship inevitably means there are no limits to where you will take your career. Graduates may pursue a career as an:
Innovator and value creator (research & development)
Team builder/leader/connector
Business developer
Social entrepreneur
Admissions Information
Learn more about MBA admissions requirements, deadlines, tuition and financial aid available to you.
Applying to the Program
MBA Specializations
MBA Accounting
MBA Artificial Intelligence
MBA Business Analytics
MBA Digital and Social Media
MBA Entrepreneurship and Innovation
MBA Finance
MBA Healthcare Management
MBA Hospitality Business Management
MBA Information Technology
MBA International Business
MBA Public Relations
MBA Strategic Leadership
Request Information
Loading...
Brochure
Applying to the Program
Questions About the MBA?
Meet with the admissions team during one of our upcoming Zoom sessions.
The Lerner MBA Online
Learn more about the online Lerner MBA.