URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/mba-programs/mba-specializations/strategic-leadership
TITLE: MBA Strategic Leadership - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
MBA Programs
>
MBA Specializations
>
MBA Strategic Leadership
Become a leadership expert.
Strategic leadership goes beyond managing others, encompassing all the skills and capacities needed to navigate the complex analytical and human dimensions inherent in any leadership role. Learn to influence others, manage change, set strategic direction and build teams and support networks.
The Lerner MBA’s core business courses and professional development classes give you a solid base of business management knowledge. By choosing the strategic leadership major as part of your MBA, you’ll prepare for a job that applies specialized finance knowledge to business challenges.
You can take advantage of internship and career opportunities in our central Delaware location — within a few hours of Washington D.C., Baltimore, Philadelphia and New York City.
Format
You can complete the Lerner MBA with a strategic leadership major or concentration fully
online
.
Program Requirements
For the most accurate and up-to-date degree requirements, visit
UD’s course catalog
. Under the Department of Business Administration, select “Display Programs” to find your degree and view course options and sequencing.
Career Opportunities
Director of leadership development
Strategy consultant
Senior strategic analyst
Director of strategic planning and operations
Executive director
Olga Arshinova, Lerner MBA student
In this video, MBA student Olga Arshinova tells about what has impacted her most during her studies at Lerner and what she would tell someone considering a Lerner degree.
Watch the video
Admissions Information
Learn more about MBA in strategy and leadership admissions requirements, deadlines, tuition and financial aid available to you.
Applying to the Program
MBA Specializations
MBA Accounting
MBA Artificial Intelligence
MBA Business Analytics
MBA Digital and Social Media
MBA Entrepreneurship and Innovation
MBA Finance
MBA Healthcare Management
MBA Hospitality Business Management
MBA Information Technology
MBA International Business
MBA Public Relations
MBA Strategic Leadership
Request Information
Loading...
Brochure
Applying to the Program
Questions About the MBA?
Meet with the admissions team during one of our upcoming Zoom sessions.
The Lerner MBA Online
Learn more about the online Lerner MBA.