URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/graduate-programs/masters-programs/economics-and-entrepreneurship-for-educators-ma/admissions
TITLE: Applying to the M.A. in Economics and Entrepreneurship for Educators - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
Master’s Programs
>
Economics and Entrepreneurship for Educators (M.A.)
>
Applying to the M.A. in Economics and Entrepreneurship for Educators
Application Deadlines
The MAEEE program admits a cohort every two years (in odd years). The application deadline is February 1 of those odd years. Admissions decisions will be made by March 1.
Depending on when you apply, the online application system may not yet offer the upcoming term. You may choose the term available in the application system, and you will be added to the appropriate cohort when it becomes available.
Admissions Requirements
Note:
GRE or GMAT examination scores are not required of MAEEE applicants. International applicants who received their undergraduate degree from a non-English-speaking institution must submit TOEFL examination results.
1. Application Fee
A $75 application fee is due when you submit your online application.
2. Bachelor’s Degree
A four-year U.S. bachelor’s degree in any academic field from an accredited college or university with a GPA of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale is required. If you have a three-year non-U.S. degree, you may request a review for determination as to equivalency.
3. Transcripts
Unofficial transcripts of all undergraduate and graduate coursework are required with your application. Do not mail official transcripts during the applicant stage. An English translation must accompany transcripts issued in a language other than English.
4. Resume
Submit a resume or curriculum vitae that documents your prior work experience, publications, honors and awards received and a summary of your educational credentials.
5. Prerequisites
You must have completed a minimum of three semester hours in economics.
6. Personal Statement
Submit a personal statement that discusses your short- and long-term professional goals and how these objectives may be achieved through your involvement in the MAEEE program.
7. Three Reference Letters
Submit three reference letters. All should include an appraisal of your teaching effectiveness, your potential for professional growth and your ability to succeed in a graduate program. Two of the three should be from your principal, supervisor or professional colleagues. The third should be from your company, school district or regional Center/Council for Economic Education.
Tuition and Fees
All tuition rates and fees are for 2024-2025. Participants are responsible for the cost associated with completing and transferring six semester credit hours in economics, entrepreneurship or education toward the degree. Participants are also responsible for the cost of the textbooks and other learning materials used in economics and entrepreneurship courses.
On-campus housing is available in one and two bedroom dormitory apartments. Participants are responsible for the cost associated with on/off campus housing. On-campus housing includes a full kitchen; dining plans are available at an additional cost. A variety of restaurants, grocers, and other stores are also within walking distance.
Delaware Residents and Delaware Teachers Residing in Other States
Visit the registrar's website for
residency requirements
.
First Summer
Tuition $1,250*
Second Summer
Tuition $1,250*
Intervening School Years
Tuition $0
* Net tuition rate for Delaware residents and Delaware teachers after the application of the Lerner College in-state scholarship and MAEEE program scholarships.
Non-residents
U.S. citizens, permanent residents, work-visa holders and international residents.
First Summer
Tuition $5,000**
Second Summer
Tuition $5,000**
Intervening School Years
Tuition $0
** Net tuition rate for domestic and international residents after the application of the Lerner College out-of-state/international scholarship and MAEEE program scholarships.
Start Your Application