URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/mba-programs/mba-specializations/healthcare-management
TITLE: MBA Healthcare Management - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
MBA Programs
>
MBA Specializations
>
MBA Healthcare Management
Get the specialized training you need to lead healthcare organizations.
The healthcare and social assistance sector is projected to grow by 8.5% between 2024 and 2034, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor statistics, making it the fastest growing industry sector.
Your MBA healthcare specialization will prepare you for a career in health administration, whether you are currently working in healthcare or interested in entering the rapidly growing healthcare industry.
Format
You can complete the Lerner MBA with a healthcare management major or concentration on campus or
online
. You can also take several online courses while enrolled in the on-campus program.
Program Requirements
For the most accurate and up-to-date degree requirements, visit
UD’s course catalog
. Under the Department of Business Administration, select “Display Programs” to find your degree and view course options and sequencing.
Career Opportunities
A healthcare MBA builds your expertise in both health and business, preparing you  for a career in the public or private sector, in fields such as:
Healthcare administration
Healthcare reform
Informatics
Population-based healthcare
E-service delivery
Medical practice administration
Healthcare systems management
Patient experience management
Healthcare analysis
Healthcare administrator
Admissions Information
Learn more about MBA admissions requirements, deadlines, tuition and financial aid available to you.
Applying to the Program
MBA Specializations
MBA Accounting
MBA Artificial Intelligence
MBA Business Analytics
MBA Digital and Social Media
MBA Entrepreneurship and Innovation
MBA Finance
MBA Healthcare Management
MBA Hospitality Business Management
MBA Information Technology
MBA International Business
MBA Public Relations
MBA Strategic Leadership
Request Information
Loading...
Brochure
Applying to the Program
Questions About the MBA?
Meet with the admissions team during one of our upcoming Zoom sessions.
The Lerner MBA Online
Learn more about the online Lerner MBA.