URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/graduate-programs/masters-programs/finance-ms/admissions
TITLE: Applying to the M.S. in Finance - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
Master’s Programs
>
Finance (M.S.)
>
Applying to the M.S. in Finance
Application Deadlines
Applications are accepted at any time. You may begin in the fall, spring or summer. Applicants are considered for admission on a rolling basis.
We recommend full-time program applicants interested in merit-based funding consideration apply early as those awards are distributed on a rolling basis typically at or close to the time of admission.
Application Deadlines:
Fall Semester - August 15
(June 1 for international applicants)
Spring Semester - January 15
(November 1 for international applicants)
Summer Session - May 1
(
International applicants are not generally admitted for this term.
)
Admissions Requirements
1. Application Fee
A $75 application fee is due when you submit your online application.
2. Bachelor’s Degree
A four-year U.S. bachelor’s degree in any academic field from an accredited college or university with a GPA of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale is required.
3. Transcripts
Official transcripts of all undergraduate and graduate coursework are required with your application.
4. Resume
Submit a resume or curriculum vitae documenting your prior work experience, publications, honors and awards received and a summary of your educational credentials.
5. Prerequisites
Incoming students are expected to have:
Strong written and oral communication skills
An understanding of the fundamentals of finance and accounting concepts (equivalent to FINC311 Principles of Finance, ACCT207 Accounting I and ACCT208 Accounting II)
Basic computer skills
Completed college level statistics, calculus and finite mathematics (equivalent to MATH201 Introduction to Statistics I and Math202 Introduction to Statistics II, MATH230 Calculus and MATH221 Finite Mathematics with Applications)
6. GRE or GMAT Scores
Our typical applicant has the equivalent of a 4-year US Bachelor’s degree, a 3.2/4.0 GPA with strong analytical coursework and a minimum of two months of full-time professional internship experience.
If you wish to strengthen your application you may take, at your option, the GMAT/GRE, but submission of scores is not required. If you are not submitting a GMAT/GRE score, please select that you request a waiver on the Test Score Waivers page of the application.
7. Personal Statement
Submit an application essay (personal statement) on the following topic: specifically, how will an M.S. in finance from the Lerner College of Business and Economics at the University of Delaware help you achieve your professional goals?
8. Two Letters of Recommendation
Submit two letters of recommendation from faculty and/or employers. Letters of recommendation should be completed online or mailed collectively to the Office of Graduate & Professional Education.
If your native language is not English, please solicit at least one recommendation letter from a native English speaker who can attest to your English language skills.
9. Interview
An interview in person or online may be requested.
Tuition & Fees
Tuition
The tuition rate for 2025-2026 is $1,116/credit.
Fees
All graduate students are responsible for mandatory fees in the fall and spring semesters. These fees vary based on whether a student is taking the program on a full-time or part-time basis. There are no registration fees for online programs. To verify whether your program is available online, see
University of Delaware's online programs page
.
Please visit the graduate fees and financial aid page in the Graduate Catalog for full details.
Funding Opportunities
Merit-Based Awards
Merit-based opportunities listed on this page are available to full-time students. Students must maintain an overall GPA of 3.0 to be eligible for any type of funding.
Graduate Scholarships
Graduate scholarships are available for exceptionally qualified full-time applicants. These scholarships may be up to 25% of tuition and are awarded for up to two years. No additional application for the scholarship is required.
Teaching Assistantships
The GradWorks program provides M.S. or MBA students paid, hands-on experience as teaching assistants. Working alongside faculty, students may assist with grading, class discussions, course material preparation, in-class support and special projects. You may apply for a teaching assistantship in your first semester. Once approved, your résumé will be shared with academic departments. If your skills align with faculty needs, you will be contacted by the department. Assistantships are paid hourly.
Additional Scholarship Opportunities
Lerner College is offering several scholarships for the 2025-2026 academic year to support students based on their connection to UD or recent economic challenges. Only one 20% graduate scholarship may be applied per qualifying student. These scholarships cannot be combined with other University of Delaware funding offers, including merit-based awards or assistantships.
UD Alumni Support Scholarship:
A 20% tuition scholarship and waived application fee for University of Delaware alumni pursuing any Lerner graduate program.
UD Student Support Scholarship:
A 20% scholarship for current UD juniors, seniors and recent grads entering Lerner graduate programs or 4+1 options.
Economic Hardship Scholarship:
A 20% tuition scholarship and fee waiver for individuals who experienced job loss in 2025 or 2026.
To determine your eligibility for one of these scholarships, please contact us at
lernergrad@udel.edu
.
Funding Resources
UD student financial services
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
Finaid.org - information and advice
Fastweb.com - scholarship search
Sallie Mae scholarship search
International Students
The University of Delaware is an ideal place for a great education in a global atmosphere.
As an international student, you’ll join a diverse network of learners from around the world who bring unique perspectives, cultures and ideas to campus, enriching the UD experience.
International Application Requirements
As an international applicant, you must:
Fulfill all the admissions requirements for domestic students.
Provide translation and other supporting documents for transcripts.
Demonstrate English proficiency by doing one of the following:
Submit a TOEFL iBT score of at least 100, or 4.5 on the new TOEFL iBT scale,
Submit an IELTS score of 7.5 or higher,
Provide proof of having earned a college degree in a country where English is the primary language, or
Apply through the Conditional Admission Program (CAP)
The Graduate & Professional Education office provides more
detailed information on its test scores page
. Please note World Education Services (WES) evaluations are no longer accepted.
Conditional Admission Program (CAP)
The
Conditional Admissions Program (CAP)
provides international students acceptance into the program without the need to take the TOEFL iBT exam. After completing CAP at the University of Delaware’s English Language Institute (ELI) you begin your coursework.
The length of time you will need to study in the ELI depends on your English skills when you enter the program. Please see the
Graduate CAP Business Track
page on the ELI website for more information.
Services for International Students
UD and the Lerner College offer many services to help you, both in class and out.
The Conditional Admission Program (CAP)
Graduate student organizations
International Student and Scholar Services (ISSS)
Start Your Application