URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/graduate-programs/phd-programs/financial-services-analytics-phd/admissions
TITLE: Applying to the Ph.D. in Financial Services Analytics - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
Ph.D. Programs
>
Financial Services Analytics (FSAN) (Ph.D.)
>
Applying to the Ph.D. in Financial Services Analytics
Application Deadline
We accept students every other year, in even-numbered years. The application deadline for the next cohort (beginning fall semester 2026) is
May 15, 2026
. Students seeking financial aid should submit their applications by
January 15, 2026
, but late applications will be considered if funds are available. Highly-qualified students may receive research scholarships as well as a generous stipend to cover all educational expenses.
Admissions Requirements
1. Application Fee
A $75 application fee is due when you submit your online application.
2. Bachelor’s Degree
A four-year U.S. bachelor’s degree or equivalent is required in any academic field from an accredited college or university with a GPA of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale.
3. Transcripts
Unofficial transcripts of all undergraduate and graduate coursework are required with your application. Do not mail official transcripts during the applicant stage. An English translation must accompany transcripts issued in a language other than English.
4. Resume
A resume or curriculum vitae is required to document your prior work experience, publications, honors and awards received and to summarize your educational credentials.
5. Prerequisites
Candidates for admission need not have majored in any specific field, but well-qualified students will have:
Strong written and oral communication skills
Substantial quantitative coursework and/or hands-on experience with software development
6. GRE or GMAT Scores
If you wish to strengthen your application, you may take the GMAT or GRE at your discretion; however, submission of scores is not required. If you choose not to submit GMAT or GRE scores, please select that you request a waiver on the "Test Score Waivers" page of the application.
7. Personal Statement
Submit a personal statement or essay which answers the following questions:
What educational background, scientific research or employment experiences have prepared you for this degree program?
What are your long-term professional objectives?
What specific attributes of the program make you feel that this degree is appropriate to help you achieve your professional objectives?
8. Three Letters of Recommendation
Three letters of recommendation are required. At least one letter must be from a professor, other letters can be from employers or others who have had a supervisory relationship with you and are able to assess your potential for success in graduate studies.
The recommendation forms are emailed directly from your online application using the three names and email addresses you provide. Instructions for returning the completed forms are included in the email.
Tuition & Fees
Tuition
The tuition rate for 2025-2026 is $1,116/credit.
Fees
All graduate students are responsible for mandatory fees in the fall and spring semesters. These fees vary based on whether a student is taking the program on a full-time or part-time basis. There are no registration fees for online programs. To verify whether your program is available online, see
University of Delaware's online programs page
.
Please visit the graduate fees and financial aid page in the Graduate Catalog for full details.
International Students
The University of Delaware is an ideal place for a great education in a global atmosphere.
As an international student, you’ll join a diverse network of learners from around the world who bring unique perspectives, cultures and ideas to campus, enriching the UD experience.
International Application Requirements
As an international applicant, you must:
Fulfill all the admissions requirements for domestic students.
Provide translation and other supporting documents for transcripts.
Demonstrate English proficiency by doing one of the following:
Submit a TOEFL iBT score of at least 100, or 4.5 on the new TOEFL iBT scale,
Submit an IELTS score of 7.5 or higher,
Provide proof of having earned a college degree in a country where English is the primary language, or
Apply through the Conditional Admission Program (CAP)
The Graduate & Professional Education office provides more
detailed information on its test scores page
. Please note World Education Services (WES) evaluations are no longer accepted.
Conditional Admission Program (CAP)
The
Conditional Admissions Program (CAP)
provides international students acceptance into the program without the need to take the TOEFL iBT exam. After completing CAP at the University of Delaware’s English Language Institute (ELI) you begin your coursework.
The length of time you will need to study in the ELI depends on your English skills when you enter the program. Please see the
Graduate CAP Business Track
page on the ELI website for more information.
Services for International Students
UD and the Lerner College offer many services to help you, both in class and out.
The Conditional Admission Program (CAP)
Graduate student organizations
International Student and Scholar Services (ISSS)
START YOUR APPLICATION