URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/mba-programs/mba-specializations/information-technology
TITLE: MBA Information Technology - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
MBA Programs
>
MBA Specializations
>
MBA Information Technology
The information technology MBA concentration provides valuable skills for those working in the IT field and helps those with IT backgrounds to update their current knowledge. This program consists of a unique blend of core business courses and information systems (IS) courses.
To become a manager in this field you must be comfortable with both technology and working with others to accomplish business goals. The effective IS manager understands business functions, the latest technology and the programs available for solving particular problems.
Format
You can take the Lerner MBA with specialization in information technology on campus or
online
. You can also take several online courses while enrolled in the on-campus program.
Program Requirements
For the most accurate and up-to-date degree requirements, visit
UD’s course catalog
. Under the Department of Accounting and Management Information Systems, select “Display Programs” to find your degree and view course options and sequencing.
Career Opportunities
Business systems analyst
Business systems project manager
Network administrator
Data entry & retrieval systems manager
Communications network manager
Application or system programmer
Hardware marketer
Admissions Information
Learn more about MBA admissions requirements, deadlines, tuition and financial aid available to you.
Applying to the Program
MBA Specializations
MBA Accounting
MBA Artificial Intelligence
MBA Business Analytics
MBA Digital and Social Media
MBA Entrepreneurship and Innovation
MBA Finance
MBA Healthcare Management
MBA Hospitality Business Management
MBA Information Technology
MBA International Business
MBA Public Relations
MBA Strategic Leadership
Request Information
Loading...
Brochure
Applying to the Program
Questions About the MBA?
Meet with the admissions team during one of our upcoming Zoom sessions.
The Lerner MBA Online
Learn more about the online Lerner MBA.