URL: https://lerner.udel.edu/programs/mba-programs/mba-specializations/international-business
TITLE: MBA International Business - Lerner - University of Delaware

Home
>
Programs
>
Graduate Programs
>
MBA Programs
>
MBA Specializations
>
MBA International Business
Combine a UD MBA with a concentration in international business and prepare to conduct business effectively in a global business environment. You will expand your business knowledge while building an international network of friends and colleagues.
Many of our graduates are international students who return home with first-hand knowledge and skills in conducting business in two countries and a keen awareness of U.S. customs and traditions. Other graduates are U.S. citizens interested in global business and helping organizations to expand into overseas markets.
An experience abroad is an important component of your studies in international business. Study abroad programs for graduate students are designed to fit into part-time student work schedules and are shorter than the 5-week or semester-long undergraduate experiences.
Format
You can complete the MBA with international business concentration on campus or
online
. You can also take several online courses while enrolled in the on-campus program.
Program Requirements
For the most accurate and up-to-date degree requirements, visit
UD’s course catalog
. Under the Department of Business Administration, select “Display Programs” to find your degree and view course options and sequencing.
Career Opportunities
Marketing director
Development program manager
Market research analyst
Investment manager
Public relations manager
Account executive
Admissions Information
Learn more about MBA admissions requirements, deadlines, tuition and financial aid available to you.
Applying to the Program
MBA Specializations
MBA Accounting
MBA Artificial Intelligence
MBA Business Analytics
MBA Digital and Social Media
MBA Entrepreneurship and Innovation
MBA Finance
MBA Healthcare Management
MBA Hospitality Business Management
MBA Information Technology
MBA International Business
MBA Public Relations
MBA Strategic Leadership
Request Information
Loading...
Brochure
Applying to the Program
Questions About the MBA?
Meet with the admissions team during one of our upcoming Zoom sessions.
The Lerner MBA Online
Learn more about the online Lerner MBA.