URL: https://ois.iu.edu/admissions/cost-financial-aid/tuition-fees/undergraduate/index.html
TITLE: Undergraduate: Tuition & Fees: Cost & Financial Aid: Admissions: Office of International Services: Indiana University

Home
Admissions
Cost & Financial Aid
Tuition & Fees
Undergraduate
Undergraduate
Tuition and fees for international undergraduate students
As an international student, you are required to show that you have the funds to support yourself for an academic year before you can get a visa.
To help you get an idea of your possible expenses, we have put together a list of estimated costs including:
Tuition and fees for one academic year
Nine months of living expenses
This estimate is based on a moderate budget; individual expenses will vary.
The estimated expenses on this page are for the IU Bloomington campus only. If you’re applying to a different IU campus, contact your campus for information about estimated expenses.
When reviewing the estimates on this page, please remember:
Total expenses include credit-hour, mandatory, and program fees only. Any optional services fees, course-related fees, or miscellaneous fees are not included.
Expenses vary among programs and are subject to change without notice.
Tuition costs are based on a flat rate of 12 to 18 credit hours per semester for undergraduate students.
Additional costs may be assessed depending on your course of study.
International students have two additional fees that are not required for students from the United States.
The
international student fee
U.S. regulations require that international students have health insurance. We automatically enroll you in the IU
health insurance plan
and bill this expense to your bursar account.
Estimated costs for international undergraduates beginning in fall 2026
IU undergraduates pay a flat fee for tuition, which entitles you to register for 12 to 18 credit hours per semester. Most degree programs require you to average 15.5 credit hours per semester in order to graduate in the traditional eight semesters.
Estimated expenses at IU Bloomington
Type of expense
Estimated cost
Tuition and mandatory fees
$44,339
Room and board (based on a double residence hall room with a standard meal plan)
$12,431
Mandatory health insurance
$1,916
Miscellaneous expenses (including books and general living expenses)
$2,470
Total for 9 months*
$61,156
* These cost estimates are only for the nine months of the fall and spring semesters. If you want to stay in the United States during the summer or enroll in summer classes, keep in mind that you will need additional funds to cover living costs and tuition.
Estimated expenses (including health care) for dependents
If you will be bringing your family, you will also need to be able to show proof of funds for the following amounts:
One dependent (spouse or child): $5,951
Two dependents: $11,902
Each additional dependent: $5,951
Estimated costs for international undergraduates beginning in the summer
These estimated costs are for students who intend to begin their studies in summer and remain enrolled through the full school year.
Summer start
Type of expense
Estimated cost
Tuition and fees
$52,867
Room and board
$13,907
Health insurance
$2,224
Miscellaneous expenses
$2,882
Total
$71,880
Learn more about paying for college
Review required financial documentation
Learn about financial aid