URL: https://ois.iu.edu/admissions/prepare-first-year/orientation/english-exam.html
TITLE: English Proficiency Test: Orientation: Prepare for Your First Year: Admissions: Office of International Services: Indiana University

Home
Admissions
Prepare for Your First Year
Orientation
English Proficiency Test
English Proficiency Test
Establishing English proficiency for nonnative speakers
Most undergraduate and many graduate students entering Indiana University who are nonnative speakers of English must demonstrate highly skilled, academic-level English language proficiency before beginning studies at IU.
Graduate students
Your academic department will determine whether you need to take the test or not.
However, if you are an Associate Instructor (AI) and are not a native English speaker, you are required to take the
Test of English Proficiency for International Associate Instructor Candidates (TEPAIC)
.
Freshman and transfer students
Freshman and transfer students may demonstrate sufficient proficiency by meeting any one of the four criteria listed below.
1. Credit for English composition and communication
This can be from equivalent transfer course(s) and/or credit from AP, IB, or A-Level.
2. Score high enough on one of these tests
TOEFL iBT: 100
TOEFL PBT: 600
TOEFL ITP+China: 627
IELTS: 7.5
IELTS Indicator: 7.5
Cambridge English: 191
Duolingo English Test: 130
Pearson PTE: 68
Michigan English Test (MET): 63
SAT EBRW: 710
ACT English: 32
3. Have 45 credits that are transferrable to IU
4. Complete at least three full years of secondary school in one of these English-speaking countries
List of English-speaking countries
Anguilla
Antigua
Australia
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Dominica
Federated States of Micronesia
Fiji
Gambia
Ghana
Grand Cayman Islands
Grenada
Guyana
Hong Kong
Jamaica
Kenya
Liberia
Montserrat
New Zealand
Nigeria
Philippines
Republic of Ireland
Singapore
St. Kitts & Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent & the Grenadines
Tanzania
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks & Caicos Islands
United Kingdom (England, Northern Ireland, Scotland, Wales)
United States
Zimbabwe
What happens if you do not meet the qualifications
If you are a freshman or transfer student and you do not meet any one of the above qualifications, IU will use your test sub-scores to determine appropriate class placement(s) with the scales below.
SLST-T131
(Academic Writing for Multilingual Students: Research and Inquiry)
TOEFL iBT Writing: 23 or lower
IELTS Writing: 6.5 or lower
Duolingo English Test Literacy: 125 or lower
Pearson Test of English (PTE) Writing: 70 or lower
SLST-T154
(Active Academic Listening)
TOEFL iBT Listening: 21 or lower
IELTS Listening: 6.5 or lower
Duolingo English Test Comprehension: 125 or lower
Pearson Test of English (PTE) Listening: 60 or lower
SLST-T155
(Academic Speaking)
TOEFL iBT Speaking: 21 or lower
IELTS Speaking: 6.5 or lower
Duolingo English Test Production: 125 or lower
Pearson Test of English (PTE) Speaking: 60 or lower
Another option for demonstrating proficiency
If you are an undergraduate student and are required to enroll in one of the courses above, you will receive more details during your academic advising appointment. If, after discussing your options with your advisor, you would like another opportunity to demonstrate English language proficiency sufficient to exempt yourself from these classes, you may take the Indiana English Assessment Test (IAET) to do so.
See what the IAET is like
Why do I have to further establish English proficiency?
IU is committed to helping all of our students succeed academically. We know that English language proficiency is a critical component of that success. By reviewing your sub-scores or administering this test to incoming students, we can identify specific areas in which you will benefit from additional English language study to best prepare you for academic success.
We take into account the specific coursework demands at IU. IU instructors familiar with these demands are responsible for assessing the test. Because the test takes place immediately before you begin your studies at IU, it assesses your current skills and academic-level English language readiness.