URL: https://admissions.indiana.edu/cost-financial-aid/index.html
TITLE: Cost & Financial Aid: Office of Admissions: Indiana University Bloomington

Home
Cost & Financial Aid
Cost & Financial Aid
Cost is important, and so is value
What’s the value of an IU Bloomington education? It’s employability—IU graduates get jobs, at employers big and small, in Indiana and worldwide. It’s a professional network of more than 800,000 alumni who can lend a hand throughout your career. And it’s the satisfaction of doing what you love.
62%
of undergraduates graduate debt free
95%
of graduates accept full-time employment or continue their education upon graduation
Tuition and fees
Cost of attendance for a full-time undergraduate student in 2026–2027*
Item
Indiana residents
Nonresidents
Tuition and mandatory fees
$12,142
$42,702
Housing and food
$14,398
$14,398
Total direct costs
$26,540
$57,100
Books and supplies
$1,320
$1,320
Transportation
$284
$2,106
Personal expenses
$2,430
$2,430
Total indirect costs
$4,034
$5,856
Total cost of attendance
$30,574
$62,956
*These are estimated direct and indirect costs; finalized costs will be available this summer.
Most students do not pay the full price: 83% of beginning students received
financial aid
in 2024–2025.
How IU tuition works
At IU, you’ll pay a flat fee for tuition, which enables you to register for up to 40 credit hours across the fall, spring, and our August and winter intersessions—for the same cost. Select a topic below to learn more about what’s included in your IU tuition and how to manage costs and make the most of your investment.
How many credit hours will I take each semester?
Most degree programs require you to average 15.5 credit hours per semester to graduate in the traditional eight semesters (four years). Most classes are 3 credit hours. Additionally, if you are using financial aid, you may be required to be enrolled in a minimum number of credit hours per semester.
Does flat-rate tuition include summer courses?
No. The flat-rate tuition costs noted above include the academic year (fall and spring semesters) and both the August and winter intersessions. Summer classes charge per credit hour.
If you are planning to take summer classes , you may be eligible for additional financial Check the
Student Central Summer Aid page
for more information on finding financial aid for summer classes.
Can I receive advanced placement, credit, and exemptions for tests and/or college courses completed in high school?
Yes. IU awards advanced placement, credit, and exemption for test results and college courses you completed in high school. These can allow you to more easily complete a second major, minor, or a certificate and graduate in eight semesters.
Learn more about advanced placement, credit, and exemptions
What will my housing and meal plan cost?
Housing and meal plan costs vary.
IU Housing
and
IU Dining
offer multiple price points and options so you can make selections that work for you.
Learn more about housing costs
Learn more about meal plan costs
I am an international student.
International students have different tuition, fees, and estimated expenses. Visit the
Office of International Services
for more information.
How do I keep track of my financial aid?
You will receive an annual debt letter from IU that tells you how much you’ve borrowed and what your expected loan payments will be.
MoneySmarts
IU Bloomington is helping students learn how to make smart financial decisions to help manage costs and minimize debt with
MoneySmarts
. This program, administered by
IU’s Office of Financial Wellness and Education
, contains an online financial literacy course (required for new students), tips and interactive lessons, podcasts, calculators to help estimate your budget and potential loan payments, and opportunities to meet with financial experts to help you stay on the path to financial wellbeing.
Build your money smarts
"Flat-rate tuition has helped me to save money by taking my perfect number of credit hours each semester, without paying any extra tuition. It allows you to take all the classes you need for your major, your minor, and even other fun classes, all at the same price."
Andreina T.
Class of 2023
See yourself on campus
Come explore IU or get to know campus from a distance with in-person and virtual visit options.
Plan your visit
Scholarships
IU Bloomington scholarships recognize your previous accomplishments—and support you in doing even more impressive things at IU and beyond.
Financial Aid
We'll help you through the financial aid process and help you minimize your after-graduation debt with programs to help you make smart financial decisions.