URL: https://admissions.indiana.edu/cost-financial-aid/scholarships.html
TITLE: Scholarships: Cost & Financial Aid: Office of Admissions: Indiana University Bloomington

Home
Cost & Financial Aid
Scholarships
Scholarships
Scholarships for hardworking and talented students
IU Bloomington scholarships reward students for past accomplishments and enable future achievement. The Office of Scholarships is your go-to source for information about many of the scholarships IU offers, as well as important dates and deadlines.
Go to the Office of Scholarships website
Incoming freshmen, apply to IU by November 1
To be considered for IU academic scholarships, you must submit a complete application for admission including official transcript, essay, and test scores (
if applicable
) by the early action (non-binding) deadline of November 1.
If you meet the
November 1
deadline, you may submit updated SAT and/or ACT scores until January 15 for additional scholarship consideration. Updated scores will be evaluated and notification will be made on a rolling basis for those who qualify. After the November 1 deadline, scholarship opportunities are limited.
Learn how to apply to IU
“The Cox Research Scholarship has given me the opportunity to join a research lab as an undergraduate, giving me skills and experience for post graduate school and allowing me to grow as a researcher.”
Sophie X.
Class of 2026
76%
of IU Bloomington beginners received gift aid (scholarships and grants) in 2024–2025
$336 million
in gift aid received by IU Bloomington undergraduates in 2024–2025
Process and priority dates for the Wells Scholarship
This prestigious scholarship provides full tuition, mandatory and course-related fees, and a living stipend for four years. It also has its own nomination process and earlier priority dates.
Learn about the Wells Scholars Program
Helpful links
Hudson and Holland Scholars Program
Cox Scholars Program
Additional scholarship opportunities
Many sources of aid
Remember: scholarships at IU are competitive, and they’re just one of several kinds of
financial aid
you can receive. Be sure to look for other sources of scholarships in places like your high school and community.