URL: https://admissions.indiana.edu/cost-financial-aid/financial-aid.html
TITLE: Financial Aid: Cost & Financial Aid: Office of Admissions: Indiana University Bloomington

Home
Cost & Financial Aid
Financial Aid
Financial Aid
Get help paying for your IU education
Most students pay for college with the help of financial aid. College can be expensive, but the return on investment at Indiana University will set you up for a successful future. We’ll help you get a good job—
IU students have access to 100,000+ job postings each year
—or get into graduate school, choose and prepare for a career, and most of all, live a fulfilling life.
$529 million
in financial aid awarded to IU Bloomington undergraduates in 2024–2025
83%
of beginning students received financial aid in 2024–2025
Financial aid information
There are many types of aid—
scholarships
, of course, but also grants, loans, work-study, and more. The types and amounts you receive will depend on many factors, including your academic merit and your financial need.
Scholarships
and
grants
are forms of “gift aid,” meaning they don’t have to be paid back.
Work-study
is earned as wages through a part-time job, usually on or near campus.
Loans
must be paid back with interest, usually after you finish your education.
Learn more and ask questions about financial aid
Managing costs
IU is committed to helping students manage their costs. We’ve taken steps to increase scholarships and help students make good decisions about money,
reduce their loan amounts
, and graduate in four years.
Here are some things you can do to
help manage your costs
:
Take advantage of
flat-rate tuition
.
Find a
part-time job
on or off campus.
Reduce your loan amounts by only borrowing what you need.
Learn how to make smart financial decisions with
MoneySmarts
.
View our
financial aid brochure
to get more tips on managing college costs.
"With my campus job, not only am I getting hands-on job experience in the field I’m studying, but I am also networking with other students and staff. Plus, it keeps money in my wallet throughout the semester and allows for a flexible schedule."
Dasia B.
Class of 2024
Important dates for incoming freshmen
November 1:
To be considered for IU academic scholarships, you must submit a complete
application for admission
including official transcript, essay, and test scores (if applicable*) by the November 1 early action (non-binding) deadline. Electronically submitted materials must be received by November 1, and hard copy materials must be postmarked on or before November 1.
January 15:
If you meet the November 1 deadline, and you asked for your test scores to be considered at the time of application, you may submit updated SAT and/or ACT scores until January 15 for additional scholarship consideration. Updated scores will be evaluated and notification will be made on a rolling basis for those who qualify.
April 15:
Apply for financial aid by April 15 using the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
. The application will be available beginning in December.
*Admission to IU is test-optional. To find out if this is the right path for you, learn more about our
test-optional admissions policy
.
Helpful links
Financial aid brochure
: Get tips for managing college costs
FAFSA tips
Take the next step in your IU journey and apply for financial aid by April 15. Before you complete your FAFSA, check out the video on this page to get important information on how to manage the financial aid process.
Description of the video:
[video description: The IU logo appears on the screen, followed by the word “FAFSA.”]
Voiceover: You’ve heard about it. You know it’s important. But what exactly is the FAFSA, and what can it do for you? Keep watching, and we’ll tell you everything you need to know.
[video description: Title: “Everything you need to know about the FAFSA.”]
Voiceover: FAFSA stands for “Free Application for Federal Student Aid,” and completing it is your first step in getting financial aid for college.
[video description: Graphic of a house. Roof pops open, and numerals and money symbols float in and out of the house.]
Voiceover: You’ll fill in your household’s financial information, which colleges will then use to determine your eligibility for scholarships, grants, work-study, or loans.
[video description: Timeline graphic, beginning with October 1 and ending with April 15.]
Voiceover: The FAFSA opens on October 1 every year. Our priority deadline is April 15, but we recommend completing it as soon as possible during your senior year.
[video description: Graphic of campus building with IU flag on top. Text: “Complete each year.”]
Voiceover: Once you’re a college student, you’ll need to complete the FAFSA each year to remain eligible for financial aid.
[video description: Graphic of computer screen. User types “FAFSA.GOV.”]
Voiceover: Ready to get started? Visit fafsa.gov to create your Federal Student Aid ID, which is the username and password you’ll use throughout the entire FAFSA process.
[video description: Computer screen is replaced by smartphone, which displays myStudentAid app.]
Voiceover: You can complete your FAFSA online at fafsa.gov, or you can use the myStudentAid app on your smartphone.
[video description: Graphic versions of Social Security card, bank statement, and tax form appear.]
Voiceover: When you’re filling out your FAFSA, make sure you have at least one parent or guardian with you, since you may need information like Social Security numbers, bank statements, and tax returns. It takes most families about 30 minutes to complete.
[video description: Graphic of analog clock showing passage of 30 minutes.]
Voiceover: To ensure that Indiana University Bloomington receives your information, be sure to list our federal school code: 001809.
[video description: Text: “IU Bloomington’s federal school code: 001809.”]
[video description: Graphic of “SUBMIT” button, with pointer hovering over it.]
Voiceover: Before you hit “Submit,” read over your information carefully to make sure you’ve answered everything correctly.
[video description: Pointer clicks the button, then turns into an icon of two clapping hands.]
Voiceover: Then give yourself a round of applause! You’re one step closer to paying for college. Watch for notifications from IU.
[video description: Graphic of envelope. Text: “Financial award notice.”]
Voiceover: We send Financial Award Notices starting in February.
[video description: Text: “Questions?”]
Voiceover: Questions? We’re here for you.
[video description: Text: “studentcentral.indiana.edu”]
Voiceover: Visit Student Central any time to find information, answers, and tips on financial aid and managing costs.
[video description: IU logo. Text: “Indiana University Bloomington.”]
Ready to become a Hoosier?
Review admission standards, application requirements, and tips on how to submit a strong application.
Start your application