URL: https://kelley.iu.edu/programs/evening-mba-indianapolis/index.html
TITLE: Evening MBA Program | Evening MBA Indianapolis | Indiana Kelley

#1
Part-time MBA in Indiana
U.S. News & World Report
2026
#14
Part-time MBA in the country
U.S. News & World Report
2026
137,000+
Kelley alumni, the largest business school alumni network in the world
An Evening MBA for you
Online and in person
One day per week in-person on our Indianapolis campus and one day per week online. The Evening MBA structure gives you peer mentors, an instant network, and unparalleled relationships throughout your career.
What makes a Kelley
Our curriculum will challenge you, while providing tangible experiences that shape your knowledge and inspire you to go after your dreams.
Customize your MBA
Pick from personalized experiences and four majors: finance, management and entrepreneurship, marketing, and supply chain management.
Frequently asked questions
How long does a part-time MBA take?
The Evening MBA Program takes 24 months to complete. You can pursue this MBA part time while working full time or earning another graduate degree through our approved dual degree programs.
Is a part-time MBA worth it?
Absolutely. If you are a working professional looking to upskill your business and leadership capabilities while positioning yourself as the ideal candidate in a competitive, global job market, the Evening MBA is for you. Earn a top-ranked degree at a school with a reputation for excellence and connections.
Can I get an MBA while working full time?
Yes. The Evening MBA is designed for professionals who are getting an MBA while working full time. Our blend of in-person plus online learning equals a robust learning experience that works for the busy professional.
Questions?
Questions? Contact us at
mbaindy@iu.edu
if you have any questions about our program or how to apply. Or
sign up for our emails
to learn more about the program.
Join an upcoming info session to confirm if the Evening MBA Program is right for you.
Register for info session