URL: https://kelley.iu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/current-iu/index.html
TITLE: Current IU Students
     | Bachelor's Degree in Business | Indiana Kelley

As a pre-business student, pursue standard admission to Kelley
Standard admission provides students admitted to Indiana University as pre-business the opportunity to earn admission to Kelley through their IU Bloomington coursework. As a pre-business student, you will be taking the same exact first-year business courses as Kelley direct admits and be taught by the same faculty who are focused on advancing your knowledge in business. By earning admission, you'll end your first year at IU with a strong GPA and a strong connection to the Kelley experience.
Admissions criteria
Access criteria for standard admission to the Kelley School of Business
Standard admission criteria differ based on degree start date. For the correct criteria, click the button that matches your IU Bloomington start date.
Enrolled at IU Bloomington spring 2025 or earlier
Entering IU Bloomington in summer 2025 through spring 2026
Entering IU Bloomington in summer 2026 through spring 2027
Admissions credential review
Pre-business students at IU Bloomington wishing to discuss the standard admission requirements for Kelley Bloomington are encouraged to make a credential review appointment.
Schedule an in-person appointment
Schedule an online Zoom appointment
These credential reviews are only for current, IU Bloomington pre-business students who are on campus and want to learn about admission into the Kelley School. If you are an incoming first-year student or recently admitted student who has yet to be on campus, please
see our Visit Us page
.
Kelley standard admission: application deadlines
Once a student starts their second semester as a pre-business student, they are required to apply for standard admission. If you do not receive a confirmation email within two hours of submitting your application, please email
bschool@iu.edu
.
Spring semester start at IU Bloomington
November 1
Application closes
September 1
Application opens
Fall semester start at IU Bloomington
April 1
Application closes
February 1
Application opens
Apply now
Kelley standard admission FAQ
I was directly admitted to Kelley as a first-year student but I attended another school. I am now enrolling at IU Bloomington. Can I be directly admitted again?
No. Any student with 12 or more credits from another institution is considered a transfer student and must go through standard admission. We do not have direct admission for transfer students.
Will my courses transfer from my previous school?
To see how your classes will transfer to IU Bloomington, use the
Credit Transfer Service
.
Any class that comes up as “UN” or “Undistributed” means that you will receive the credit for the class, but it does not come in as a specific course at IU Bloomington.
I’m a transfer student. How long will it take to complete my degree at IU Bloomington?
You can expect to spend a minimum of three and a half years on the IU Bloomington campus to complete a degree from the Kelley School of Business. Current courses, course load each semester, and other factors will affect the length of time it takes to earn your degree.
I wasn’t able to join clubs or organizations this year. Will that hurt my application?
No. Academics will always be reviewed first. The committee understands that a rigorous course load, transition to a new campus, and other factors can make extracurricular commitments difficult.
When will I meet with an advisor and plan my courses?
During New Student Orientation, you will meet with an advisor and plan your courses. You will work with Advising & Major Exploration Services (AMES) for academic advising as you go through standard admission. Once admitted, you will work with Kelley advisors.
Questions?
Contact
bschool@iu.edu
or 812-855-4474. Please allow three to five business days for a response.