URL: https://kelley.iu.edu/undergraduate/academics/index.html
TITLE: Academics
     | Bachelor's Degree in Business | Indiana Kelley

No matter what your business goals are, an education at Kelley can give you the training and the experience to reach them. In addition to the out-of-classroom experiences you can gain from
studying abroad
,
interning
, and participating in Kelley
student life
, your classes will give you hands-on, real-world experience in
a variety of areas, including
marketing, finance, operations, management, ethics, and global business—regardless of the
major
you choose.
Academic bulletin
The Kelley School of Business Undergraduate Bulletin is a resource that provides students with the information they need to make the most of their undergraduate business education and to graduate from the Kelley School of Business in a timely manner.
Access bulletin
Curriculum overview
Integrated Core prerequisites
These courses build the foundation for your business education, helping you develop a well-rounded skill set that will prepare you for your upper level courses and your career.
The Integrated Core (I-Core)
This block of classes looks at the important relationships among finance, marketing, operations, and leadership.
I-Core will challenge you to solve cross-functional business problems while developing your professional and leadership skills. The final I-Core case—a Kelley rite of passage—is an intense team project in which students demonstrate what they've learned during the semester.
Majors
After completing your I-Core prerequisites and I-Core, you will focus on one or more Kelley majors of your choice.
Other courses and opportunities
Our goal is for students to have a well-rounded academic experience. During your studies at Kelley and IU, you will:
Expand your knowledge base and gain new perspectives with IUB General Education courses
Gain a deeper understanding of macroeconomics, delve into ethical reasoning within business, and become proficient in strategic management
Have the opportunity to take exploration courses and complete a minor in an interest area outside of business
Deepen your understanding of other cultures and the global nature of business through optional study abroad or short-term international experiences
#8
#4 Accounting
#4 Management
#4 Marketing
#6 Management Information Systems
#7 Entrepreneurship and Corporate Innovation
#9 Business Analytics
#9 Finance
#9 Production/Operations Management
#12 Supply Chain Management
#18 International Business
U.S. News & World Report
Best Undergraduate Business Programs 2026
“Kelley helped me grow confident in my ability to lead, especially with peers whose perspectives and strengths differed to mine; now I’m able to adapt my leadership style to unique situations while creating space for others to succeed.”
Julia Heath, BS’25
Assistant Merchant, Abercrombie & Fitch Co.