URL: https://kelley.iu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/international-students.html
TITLE: International Students
     | Bachelor's Degree in Business | Indiana Kelley

The diverse student community at Kelley welcomes you
Pursuing a business degree in the United States can be both an exciting and challenging endeavor.
At Indiana University and the Kelley School of Business, you’ll find a diverse community ready to support you and help make the transition easier. Our domestic students come from nearly every state in the nation, and our international students come from nearly 50 different countries.
Become a Kelley student
To be considered for admission to Kelley, you will first need to apply to Indiana University Bloomington. Make sure that you mark a Kelley business major as first choice major on the application. We encourage all applicants to submit an application for the most admission and scholarship consideration by November 1, IU Bloomington’s Early Action deadline.
If you are applying to IU from high school, you can learn more about direct admission to Kelley
here
.
If you are transferring from a university outside the US, you will follow the application procedures for
transfer students
.
Most business courses taken outside Indiana University Bloomington will be accepted for undistributed credit hours only.
This means they will count as business elective hours, but they will not satisfy our business course requirements.
International student support
International applicants and students are supported by the
Office of International Services
. They will help students submit application and financial materials to IU Bloomington.
International students studying at Kelley will have access to a variety of academic support services, such as
Writing Tutorial Services
, peer coaching, and academic advising.
Additionally, Kelley recognizes that international students have unique needs in their career search. Kelley’s
Undergraduate Career Services
will assist you from your first year as a Kelley student through graduation.
English language development
As an international student, you may be required to complete the Indiana Academic English Test (IAET) once you arrive in Bloomington. The results of this test will determine which English language improvement courses (if any) you will need to take. The Second Language Studies (SLST) department offers six topics of English improvement courses. You must complete your required SLST courses in your first year at IU Bloomington and complete them prior to applying for I-Core.
Opportunity is waiting for you at Kelley
Become a Kelley student
Degree requirements
Plan your visit