URL: https://kelley.iu.edu/undergraduate/why-kelley/index.html
TITLE: Why Kelley? | Bachelor's Degree in Business | Indiana Kelley | Bachelor's Degree in Business | Indiana Kelley

That’s why we’ve built our program to revolve around you—to nurture your unique business interests and develop your distinctive business talents.
It’s a first-of-its-kind approach to teaching business, and it’s recognized nationally as
one of the best.
It’s also the approach that attracts more than 700 companies—located in the U.S. and around the world—to recruit from Kelley annually, which gives us
job-placement rates
that you can count on.
Discover what the Kelley Undergraduate student experience is like.
Download Brochure
Your Kelley experience: 3 signature components
1
Gives you a core understanding of business—including finance, marketing, operations, strategy, and business ethics—and an
area of expertise
.
2
Prepares you to do business anywhere, anytime, with anyone through our study abroad programs, Global Foundations courses, and a large and diverse student body.
3
Develops you professionally and personally. You’ll enter the job market with an authentic brand: a smart business investment that top companies will be eager to make.
At Kelley, the world is your classroom
Our
world-class professors
, along with your personal academic and
career advisors
, will show you how to navigate it. And while they help you discover the building blocks of business, you’ll be refining your personal business style with once-in-a-lifetime experiences you’ll find only at Kelley.
Meet your professors
The world-class professors at Kelley are your mentors and coaches. They’ll tell you what you need to hear to be your best and achieve success.
Description of the video:
Kelley Business Undergraduate Program blog
Undergraduate Program
Meet Bridget Stomberg, associate dean for Kelley undergraduate education
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. – Indiana University Kelley School of Business students have an exceptional mentor in Bridget Stomberg. As the associate dean for undergraduate education, Stomberg says she’s “uniquely positioned to be an empathetic ear for Kelley women.” She’s eager for students to discover the broad menu of opportunities at Kelley. “With 20 majors and eight co-majors, it’s...
Read more »
Undergraduate Program
Kelley School undergraduate program ranked eighth in U.S. News rankings; eight specialties in the top 10
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. — The Undergraduate Program at the Indiana University Kelley School of Business is eighth among all business schools in new rankings from U.S. News & World Report, fourth among public institutions and remains No. 1 in the state of Indiana. Six specialty programs – including those in key areas such as analytics and...
Read more »
Undergraduate Program
Kelley School of Business announces new direct admission process, expanding opportunities for high-achieving students
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. — The Indiana University Kelley School of Business announced today a significant change to its direct admission process, creating a broader and more student-centered pathway for high-achieving students to begin their academic journey at one of the nation’s premier business schools. Beginning with students entering in fall 2026, all applicants will be considered...
Read more »
Undergraduate Program
Eight students from Indiana chosen for prestigious Kelley Scholars program
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. — Eight incoming Indiana University freshmen from across the Hoosier state have been selected as Kelley Scholars at the Kelley School of Business. The Kelley Scholars, who intend to major in business at IU Bloomington, will receive standard tuition and fees, a stipend for living expenses and funding for academic activities such as...
Read more »
Undergraduate Program
Kelley investment management students win prestigious Balyasny Asset Management stock pick competition
NEW YORK – A team of three students from the Indiana University Kelley School of Business finished in first place in the prestigious Balyasny Asset Management Winter Stock Pitch Competition, which attracts top talent from business schools across the country and provides them with invaluable experience they will use in the future. In mid-January, students...
Read more »
Undergraduate Program
Two dozen business schools competed in the 14th National Diversity Case Competition, presented by the IU Kelley School of Business
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. – Students from two dozen colleges and universities came to the Indiana University Kelley School of Business Jan. 17-18 to compete at the 14th National Diversity Case Competition. The event, held annually the weekend before Martin Luther King Jr. Day, also attracts corporate partners from top companies and alumni for a weekend of...
Read more »
BROWSE MORE ARTICLES
Opportunity is waiting for you at Kelley
Become a Kelley student
Degree requirements
Plan your visit