URL: https://kelley.iu.edu/undergraduate/why-kelley/living-learning-center.html
TITLE: Living Learning Center | Bachelor's Degree in Business | Indiana Kelley

In the JLLC, you’ll stay busy with evening programs, study groups, and travel excursions. You’ll discover that your fellow community members aren’t just some of the best friends you’ll make at IU—they are campus leaders and tomorrow’s entrepreneurs, innovators, and business trailblazers.
To find out more about the JLLC, attend an upcoming webinar.
Sign up for webinar
Life at the Jellison Living Learning Center (JLLC)
You only get one first year. Make the most of it at the Brian D. Jellison Living Learning Center. Watch the video to get an inside look at this one-of-a-kind living experience for future business leaders.
Description of the video:
Opportunities to grow and succeed
The
Jellison Living Learning Center
has developed a personal, academic, and professional development program that will help you identify your strengths, interests, and talents—giving you a jump start on your success as an aspiring business leader.
Opportunities for JLLC community members include:
Biweekly evening programs on leadership, ethics, global awareness, and networking
Lunches with deans, professors, and staff
Events with company executives
Meetings with top recruiters
Events and cultural celebrations
Professional mentoring and advising
JLLC Accelerate supports your college transition
JLLC Accelerate is an exclusive event designed just for new JLLC residents. During IU Welcome Week, you’ll have opportunities to:
Make a smooth transition to Kelley and the JLLC “houses”
Meet JLLC peers, mentors, staff, and Kelley leaders
Prepare for success in the JLLC required course (BUS-X180)
Discover how you can become a student leader
Learn about exclusive JLLC programs
Business dress, defined
Present your authentic and most confident self in clothing that meets Kelley Undergraduate Program guidelines.
Business Professional
Neatly pressed, tailored, business suit in dark or neutral colors
Coordinated blouse, or button-down dress shirt with tie
Coordinated pants or skirt
Professional, clean, closed-toed shoes or walkable heels
Dress or trouser socks; avoid ankle or athletic socks
Please note:
Business professional attire is not required for the JLLC, but you will need a suit for some of your Kelley coursework and potential extracurricular activities.
Business Casual
Business casual attire is required for many JLLC events and includes:
Clean and unwrinkled button-down shirt, blouse, or polo shirt
Sweater or cardigan
Pressed khaki or dark pants (no holes or tears)
Professional, clean, closed-toed shoes or walkable heels
Dress or trouser socks; avoid ankle or athletic socks
Please note:
No jeans. No shorts. These are not approved for business casual attire.
JLLC community FAQs
What is the JLLC application process?
If you want to join the JLLC as a community member, you must fill out the JLLC portion of the
IU housing application
and pay your housing fee. Look for the JLLC in the housing application under “Living Learning Centers and Learning Community Preferences."
IU opens housing applications on February 9. The JLLC priority deadline for submission is May 1. The JLLC releases application decisions in early summer.
Get started on your IU housing application
When should I apply?
You should complete your
IU housing application
and pay your housing fee as soon as possible once the application opens February 9. The JLLC priority deadline for submission is May 1, and you are strongly encouraged to apply before May 1.
Please familiarize yourself with the
IU housing priority group timelines
. Students who complete their IU housing application late (including late fee payment) aren't likely to get their first choice of housing. Get started as soon as possible!
When will I hear back about my application?
The JLLC team reviews each application throughout the spring semester. If you complete your JLLC application before the deadline, you will receive an Advanced Review communication to verify your application has been received and is under consideration. This does not mean that you’ve been selected to live at the JLLC.
Decisions for the JLLC are released in early summer.
What if I’ve already applied for housing?
If you have already submitted your housing application and have decided that you would like to apply for the JLLC, simply log back into your housing application and update your preferences to include the “
Jellison
Living Learning Center.”
What are the requirements to join?
JLLC community members must participate in a business-centered events focused on personal, academic, and professional development. Community members must also enroll in a 1 credit hour course during the fall and spring semesters:
BUS-X 180 JLLC Community Development (fall)
BUS-X 190 Hot Topics in Business (spring)
What are the costs associated with living in the JLLC?
A $200 fee ($100 per semester) is required for all members of the JLLC. This fee covers some of our events and programs, which support your personal, academic, and professional development.
What if I haven’t committed to IU?
The JLLC cannot consider applicants that have not completed the IU
Intent to Enroll
(due May 1). We encourage you to complete your
IU housing application
and apply to the JLLC at your earliest opportunity.
Reminder: In addition to fully completing your IU housing application, your application is only complete when you pay the $200 nonrefundable application fee. The IU Intent to Enroll also requires a $100 enrollment deposit. Both your IU housing application and IU Intent to Enroll are considered incomplete without payment of these fees. Students who received an application fee waiver will not be prompted to submit these payments.
What are the JLLC application essay questions?
We encourage you to give thoughtful consideration to each question before organizing and forming your response (150–200 words per question). All essay responses must be submitted via the
IU housing application
.
Please explain why you want to live in the communities you selected and how you hope your chosen community will enrich your college experience?
What are you passionate about and how do you hope to engage with it at IU and in your LLC or Thematic Community?
Who is your personal role model/mentor/inspiration of yours? What do you admire about them and what qualities of theirs do you hope to bring with you to your LLC or Thematic Community?
Describe a time when you worked with someone whose habits or perspectives were very different from yours, even if your backgrounds were similar. How did you handle the situation, what did you learn from it, and how will you use that experience to contribute positively to your learning community?
What would you like your peers in the community to know about you?
Where is the JLLC located?
The JLLC is located in
McNutt Residence Center
in the Northwest neighborhood of residence halls on the IU campus.
Who do I contact if I have questions?
The best way to reach the JLLC staff is via email at
ksbllc@iu.edu
. If you have an immediate question, please call us at 812-855-0791. Sign up for an
informational webinar
to learn more about the JLLC.
The JLLC staff may connect you with
IU Housing
if you have housing questions not specific to the JLLC. Contact IU Housing at
housing@iu.edu
.
Tour the Jellison Living Learning Center
Tours of the Jellison Living Learning Center vary by semester. If you can't make a tour, you can still learn more about the JLLC by contacting us at
ksbllc@iu.edu
or 812-855-0791.
Can’t make a tour? You can learn more by attending one of our informational webinars.
Fall semester tours
During the fall semester, JLLC tours take place Mondays from 3:30 to 5 p.m. and Fridays from 3 to 5 p.m.
Sign up is not required, but is encouraged. Please contact us at
ksbllc@iu.edu
or 812-855-0791 to schedule your tour today. Please note that tours are not offered during campus holidays.
Spring semester tours
During the spring semester, JLLC tours take place on Mondays from 3:30 to 5 p.m. and Fridays from 3 to 5 p.m. Sign up is not required but is encouraged. Please contact us at
ksbllc@iu.edu
or 812-855-0791 to schedule your tour today. Please note that tours are not offered during campus holidays.
Summer tours
Tours of the JLLC are not available during the summer. If you are visiting campus between May and August, you can schedule a campus tour through the
Office of Admissions
.
During the
Discover IU Days
, you can see a residence hall that has similar accommodations to those found in the JLLC.
Connect with us at a JLLC informational webinar
Join us for an informational webinar session where we'll discuss residential housing and program details, the Kelley School of Business, and Indiana University. You'll have the opportunity to ask JLLC residents questions to see if this program is the right fit for you.
Upcoming webinars
February 13
March 13
April 17
Sign up for our webinar