URL: https://kelley.iu.edu/undergraduate/advising/index.html
TITLE: Current Students
     | Bachelor's Degree in Business | Indiana Kelley

Advising Highlights
Accessing Kelley Advising
Regular drop-in hours for Spring 2026 will be 10:30am-12:30pm, Monday-Friday, in-person in HH3035.
Follow
@kelleyadvising
on Instagram for updates and tips.
Appointments
30-minute appointments about academic goals and long- term planning will have more availability outside of enrollment season. Plan ahead and utilize the menu of advising options all year long!
In the Student Appointment Scheduler, you can view all Kelley advising availability by following the steps below:
Click “schedule with someone else”.
Type “business undergraduate advising” in the search bar.
Select all result.
Click “find available appointments."
Schedule appointment
Undergraduate Advising Office
Hodge Hall 3035
1309 E. Tenth St.
Bloomington, IN 47405
812-855-2614
busadv@iu.edu
Events Calendar
Advising Tips
SOAR
: Listed majors, academic advising report, GPA, & advising notes
Email :
busadv@iu.edu
for general questions
For important dates and deadlines, refer to the IUB Registrar Calendar
Official Academic Calendar
Get the guidance you need, at your convenience.
Whether you just have a quick question or want to discuss your future, Kelley advisors are a resource for helping you with planning your undergraduate journey. See the guide below for the best way to find answers from the Kelley Undergraduate Advising Office.
Ask the Kelley Advising front desk
Staff at the front desk are able to answer many of the questions you might have and provide you with important forms or instructions. Ask them about:
How to transfer a course to IU Admissions
How to change your major
How to declare a minor
How to find other Kelley offices
Important dates on the academic calendar
Ask a question via email
Many of your questions could be answered via email. Send a message to
BUSADV@iu.edu
to ask about:
Adding a business minor
Transferring credits
Important dates and deadlines
General advising questions
Stop by for drop-in advising
Monday through Friday, Kelley offers drop-in advising for quick questions. Drop-in advising meetings last no more than 15 minutes and are offered on a first-come, first-served basis with any available advisor. Due to the limited time available, one topic is typically addressed at a drop-in advising session, such as:
Semester schedule changes
Course planning for one semester in the future
Clarifying policies or deadlines
Schedule an academic advising appointment
Made ahead of time with a specific advisor, 30-minute academic advising appointments allow students to have a more in depth conversation with an advisor. Advising appointments are necessary if you have more complex questions or concerns, such as:
4-year / graduation planning
Academic goal setting (e.g., incorporating honors, study abroad, and student organizations into overall academic plan)
Major and career exploration
Major and co-major planning and sequencing
Concerns about academic success
Make the most of Kelley Advising. Come prepared.
Your advising experience will be most successful if you plan ahead. Here are some things to expect when you work with the Kelley Advising office.
Drop-in advising allows a student to join at their desired time, but students are seen on a first come, first served basis. You may have to wait—plan accordingly and consider joining when you have homework or other things to work on while you wait. Wait times can reach 30–60 minutes during the first two weeks of the semester and during enrollment season.
While your advisor will help you plan your course of study, they will not actually enroll you. You will need to enroll on your own.
Come prepared with questions and a list of items to be accomplished during the meeting.
Be professional when communicating with our office, including via email.
Connect with Kelley Advising on Instagram.
kelleyadvising
Meet with an advisor
Schedule a one-on-one meeting to ask questions and talk about your academic goals. We're here to help.
Schedule an appointment