URL: https://kelley.iu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/first-year-students/index.html
TITLE: First-Year Students
     | Bachelor's Degree in Business | Indiana Kelley

Direct admission at the Kelley School of Business
When you begin at IU Bloomington as a Kelley direct admit, you can immediately start shaping your academic and career path. From the day you arrive on campus, you’ll start working with Kelley academic and career advisors who will help guide your course planning, internship preparation, and long-term goals.
How to be considered for Kelley direct admission for fall 2026
Students seeking direct admission to the Kelley School of Business must complete the following steps:
Indicate a Kelley business major
on your IU Bloomington application (Common Application or Apply IU).
Complete the Kelley Prospect Inventory (KPI)
through the
IU Admissions Portal
.
There are no criteria for
automatic
direct admission for fall 2026. All students who submit the KPI will undergo a
comprehensive academic review
by the Kelley Admissions Committee. This review will consider factors such as high school performance, rigor of high school coursework, academic achievements, and potential for success at the Kelley School.
How to apply for direct admission to the Kelley School of Business
Join Alex Bruce, senior director of undergraduate admissions at Kelley, as he walks you through each step of the direct admission process—from applying to IU and completing the Kelley Prospect Inventory to what happens next.
Description of the video:
Key dates and admission timeline
November 1: IU Admission Early Action Deadline
November 15: Kelley Direct Admission Priority Deadline
Students who apply to Indiana University Bloomington by the early action deadline of November 1 and submit their KPI by November 15 will receive a response from IU Office of Admission regarding admission status with IU by January 15.
If admitted to IU, students will also receive a direct admission decision from Kelley—categorized as admitted, waitlisted, or pre-business. Students placed on the Kelley direct admission waitlist can expect a final decision no later than April 17.
February 1: IU Regular Decision Deadline
February 15: Kelley Direct Admission Regular Deadline
Students who complete their KPI by this date will learn about their Kelley direct admission status by April 17.
Direct admission offers will be made on a
rolling basis
from
January 15 through April 17
. Because Kelley is a
limited-capacity program
, offers will be extended based on academic merit and the availability of space in the incoming direct admit class.
Important notes
The KPI is a questionnaire designed to help the Kelley Admission Committee get to know you beyond your transcript. Your responses will provide insight into your leadership style, business interests, personal aspirations, and how you approach problem-solving—qualities that are central to success in business and in our academic community. There are 20 multiple-choice questions. There are no right or wrong answers—just choose the response that feels most like you. This is an opportunity to reflect on your goals and personality in a way that complements the rest of your application. You should anticipate being able to complete the KPI within 20 minutes.
Only
first-year, fall semester students
are eligible for direct admission. Students entering IU in the summer, spring, transfer students, and those who do not indicate a Kelley business major on their IU application are
not eligible
for direct admission consideration.
Letters of recommendation or support are
not used
in the evaluation process. Students admitted to Indiana University as
pre-business
can apply to the Kelley School through
standard admission
. Learn more about that process
here.
Kelley leaders discuss new direct admit process for fall 2026
Read how the shift is designed to enable applicants to show the full picture of their readiness for Kelley.
Frequently asked questions
What is Kelley direct admission?
Kelley direct admission allows incoming first-year students who meet academic requirements to be admitted directly into the Kelley School of Business when they start at IU Bloomington. Direct admits benefit from immediate access to Kelley academic and career advisors, priority registration for business courses, and an early start on career preparation.
Who is eligible to be considered for direct admission?
Only
first-year, fall semester
students who indicate a
Kelley business major
on their IU application and submit the
Kelley Prospect Inventory (KPI)
are eligible for direct admission consideration. Students entering IU in the summer or spring, transfer students, or those who do not indicate a Kelley major are not eligible.
How do I apply for Kelley direct admission?
To be considered for direct admission:
Submit your IU application by the
November 1 early action deadline
.
Indicate a
Kelley business major
on your application.
Complete the
Kelley Prospect Inventory (KPI)
through your
IU Portal
by
February 15
, with priority given to those who complete it by
November 15
.
Where can I access the Kelley Prospect Inventory (KPI)?
You can access and complete the
Kelley Prospect Inventory (KPI)
through your IU Portal after submitting your IU application.
Is there an automatic GPA/test score requirement for direct admission?
No. For fall 2026, there are no automatic criteria for direct admission. All students who complete the KPI will be reviewed holistically by the Kelley Admissions Committee, considering high school performance, rigor of high school coursework, academic achievements, and potential for success at Kelley.
What happens if I miss the November 15 priority deadline?
Students who complete the KPI between
November 16 and February 15
will still be reviewed for direct admission, with decisions made by
April 17
. However, space in the incoming class is limited, so applying early may increase your chances.
When will I find out if I’ve been admitted to Kelley?
Students who apply to Indiana University Bloomington by the Early Action deadline of November 1 and submit their KPI by November 15 will receive a response from IU Office of Admission regarding admission status with IU by January 15.
If admitted to IU, students will also receive a Kelley direct admission decision—categorized as admitted, waitlisted, or pre-business. Students placed on the Kelley direct admission waitlist can expect a final decision no later than April 17.
What if I’m admitted to IU but not offered direct admission to Kelley?
Applicants who are not offered direct admission to Kelley can still be admitted to IU as a pre-business student or to their second-choice major. Pre-business students will have the opportunity to apply to Kelley through
standard admission
after meeting certain academic requirements. Students admitted to their second-choice major will have the opportunity to pursue a minor or certificate from Kelley.
Can I submit letters of recommendation to strengthen my application?
No. Letters of recommendation or support are
not considered
in the direct admission review process.
Will I be considered for Kelley direct admission if I am admitted to IU in my second-choice major?
No. In order for a student to be considered for direct admission to Kelley they must be admitted to IU with a Kelley business major. Learn more about
how first- and second-choice majors are used in admission by the IU Office of Admission
.