URL: https://kelley.iu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/virtual-tour/index.html
TITLE: Virtual Tour
     | Bachelor's Degree in Business | Indiana Kelley

Take a virtual tour of the Hodge Hall Undergraduate Center
Hodge Hall combines traditional architecture and the latest technology to create your ideal academic home. With state-of-the art classrooms, creative collaboration spaces, and even a trading room, this is where you’ll prepare to become one of tomorrow’s business leaders.
In this virtual tour, our undergraduate Kelley Guides lead you through Hodge Hall and share some of their experiences.
Follow
on the floor to navigate through Hodge Hall.
indicates video guides.
indicates notes.
Meet your Kelley tour guides
Your virtual tour guides include staff members and student volunteers selected to represent the Kelley School of Business. These Kelley Guides answer questions, talk about experiences, and share their love for Kelley and IU.
Rebecca Cook
“I’ve been back at Kelley since late 2009. I love my job because I get to work with the best students, staff, and faculty. It’s so rewarding to help students achieve their goals and see them become involved alumni who give back to Kelley.”
Anna Campbell, BS’22
Hometown: Zionsville, Ind.
Activities: Co-president of Club Tennis, member of Delta Sigma Pi
Fun fact: “I have a passion for cold brew coffee. My goal is to try every cold brew in Bloomington before I graduate.”
What I love most about Kelley: “The faculty, staff, and other students really do care about your well-being, and it shows.”
Micah Jackson, BS’22
Hometown: Indianapolis
Activities: President of Mu Beta Lambda business fraternity
Fun fact: “I really enjoy longboarding.”
What I love most about Kelley: “Everyone here truly wants you to succeed.”
Maggie Harrison, BS’21
Hometown: Cincinnati
Activities: Kelley Honors Program, business fraternity, social sorority, Disney College Program
Fun fact: “I love to travel and even got to go to Japan in 2019 through a Kelley program.”
What I love most about Kelley: “The community. People are always willing to help you.”
Jacob Cooley, BS’22
Hometown: Greenwood, Ind.
Activities: Kelley Honors Program, Investment Banking Workshop, student-run investment fund, Hutton Honors Program, IU Dance Marathon, Fellowship of Christian Athletes, IU tour guide
Fun fact: “I enjoy soccer, golf, snow skiing, and attending sporting events.”
What I love most about Kelley: “I am surrounded by so many close friends that push me to do my best every day.”
Imiyah Weatherspoon, BS’21
Hometown: Aurora, Ill.
Activities: Women in Business Technology, peer coach for C104: Business Presentations
Fun fact: “I love going to concerts, watching Netflix, and working out at Orange Theory.”
Get inspired by our beautiful IU campus
Located in the rolling hills of Bloomington, Indiana, Hodge Hall is part of IU’s quintessential college campus. Watch the IU virtual tour to go on an interactive walking tour.
Campus virtual tour
See yourself at Kelley
Watch these videos with students, faculty, and staff to get an inside look at Kelley and discover what it's really like on the Indiana University campus.
Learn more