URL: https://kelley.iu.edu/undergraduate/student-life/index.html
TITLE: Student Life | Bachelor's Degree in Business | Indiana Kelley

These experiences help you build relationships, connect what you're learning to the real world, and develop the skills to become a well-rounded professional.
Eager to get involved at Kelley but unsure where to start?
Schedule a meeting with a Student Life team member to explore involvement opportunities that match your unique interests.
Schedule a meeting
Discover what the Kelley Undergraduate student experience is like.
Download brochure
Kelley Insider newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter, the Kelley Insider, to find out about special Kelley opportunities, big announcements, and important events.
Subscribe
Student events calendar
Find out what's happening at Kelley—from student organization events to career fairs.
Kelley student events
Start your first year strong
Get to know all things Kelley and IU before classes begin with Camp Kelley and Kelley Kickstart, immersive experiences in August for Kelley direct admits.
Camp Kelley
At a camp in Northern Indiana, you’ll bond with peers, meet Kelley staff, and learn about Kelley and IU while letting loose with summer camp activities.
Explore Camp Kelley
Kelley Kickstart
On the IU Bloomington campus, you’ll meet peers and staff and focus on professional development so you can make the most of your first year.
Explore Kelley Kickstart
Kelley Student Government
Kelley Student Government is the voice of the undergraduate student body, the Undergraduate Program’s partner in producing high-quality events and programs for Kelley students, and a bridge between the administration and Kelley student organizations.
Kelley Student Government
Student Life team:
Alison Miron
Director of Student Life
alimiron@iu.edu
Alex Martens
Associate Director of Student Life
alemarte@iu.edu
Dedric R. Dennist, Jr.
Assistant Director of Student Life
dennistd@iu.edu
Kathy Azcui
Student Life Coordinator
mazcui@iu.edu