URL: https://kelley.iu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/index.html
TITLE: Admissions
     | Bachelor's Degree in Business | Indiana Kelley

If you’re a student who wants to explore your passion for business in a college town bursting with culture and opportunity, with some of the best
business faculty
in the world, and a cutting-edge curriculum that will help shape you into your most authentic, dynamic, and professional self—then we encourage you to find out what it takes to enroll, and then show us what you’ve got.
Discover what the Kelley Undergraduate student experience is like.
Download brochure
Apply to Indiana University first
There are a few ways that you can apply and be accepted into the Kelley Undergraduate Program. All of them start with
applying to Indiana University Bloomington
.
Ready to get started? Use the
step-by-step instructions
on the IU admissions page to successfully submit your application to IU Bloomington.
Then
plan your visit
to Kelley today.
Apply to IU
Become a Kelley
Future first-year students
Current IU students
Transfer students
International students
The Kelley School of Business is comprised of two distinct schools on two IU campuses.
Degree programs are separately administered for students admitted to either the Bloomington or Indianapolis campus and school. Learn more about transferability between Kelley programs.
Meet the Kelley Admissions team
Alex Bruce
Senior Director of Undergraduate Program, Admissions
Jill Shimek
Director of Recruitment Undergraduate Admissions
Jennifer Brock
Senior Associate Director of Undergraduate Admissions & Stewardship
Maggie Sperry
Senior Associate Director of Pre-Business Support and Recruitment
Stephanie Frame
Associate Director of Undergraduate Admissions
Meshach Sears
Assistant Director of Undergraduate Admissions
Posey Cohen
Assistant Director of Undergraduate Admissions
Jennifer Crawford
Project Management Specialist
Samantha Huffman
Admissions Services Assistant
Email us
Call us
812-855-4474
Meet us
“The level of care at Kelley is contagious. We’re a community—individual success isn’t dependent on the failures of others. We succeed together.”
Montgomery Hollis, BS’22
Operations Management, Business Analytics, and Law, Ethics, and Decision-Making (LEAD)
The Jellison Living Learning Center
The JLLC is an exclusive residential community of first-year business students—and you could be one of them.
Visit JLLC
Visit us
Take a tour of the Bloomington campus, attend an info session and class, and talk to current Kelley undergraduate students.
Plan your visit
Have a question?
Ask us!