URL: https://kelley.iu.edu/undergraduate/scholarships/index.html
TITLE: Scholarships for Business Students | Bachelor's Degree in Business | Indiana Kelley

Due to the generous support of alumni, corporations, and foundations, the Kelley
School is able to award more than 330 private donor scholarships to admitted
undergraduate business majors.
Incoming Direct Admit first-year students
If you have been accepted into Indiana University Bloomington, been
offered
direct admission
to the Kelley School, and you would like to be considered for first-year student funding, then you must submit the
IU General Scholarship
Application
by
February 1
.
Scholarship funding considerations begin the February before your first fall semester at Indiana University. This means you should apply to Indiana University and mark your interest in business in the fall of your senior year in high school.
You will be notified by April 1 if you have been offered an award. Students not selected to receive support with
not
be notified.
Read more about direct admit scholarships
Current, prebusiness, and transfer students
Current Kelley sophomores, juniors, and seniors
must submit the
IU General Scholarship Application
each spring by
February 1
to be considered for available undergraduate business scholarships.
Current Kelley Students
Pre-business and transfer students
may submit the
IU General Scholarship Application
to be considered for IU funding. Only students formally admitted to the Kelley School of Business at the time of selection may be considered for Kelley Undergraduate Scholarships.
Prebusiness Students
Consideration for available Kelley undergraduate scholarships is limited to students who have submitted the
IU General Scholarship Application
by
February 1
and been formally admitted to the Kelley School of Business at the time of selection.
Students do not have to complete a
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
to receive a business scholarship. However, students should file the FAFSA each year to ensure consideration for both merit- and need-based Kelley undergraduate scholarships. Applicants who have not completed the FAFSA are ineligible for need-based scholarships. They will still be considered for merit-based Kelley undergraduate scholarships and those based on other criteria.
Indiana University financial resources
IU Office of Scholarships
IU Student Central: Paying for College
IU Office of Admissions
IU Foundation Scholarships
IU Alumni Association Scholarships
IU Hudson and Holland Scholars Program
IU Hutton Honors College: Funding Options
IU Office of Overseas Study: Financial Aid and Scholarships
External resources
Kelley External Scholarship List
IRS Tax Topic 421 – Taxability of Scholarship and Fellowship Grants
IRS Publication 970 – Tax Benefits for Education
U.S. Department of Education
Free scholarship searches
College Board Scholarship Search
Sallie Mae’s answer to College grants: What are they?
FastWeb Scholarship Search
FinAid: The Go-to Guide for College Financial Aid
InternationalStudent.com Resource Center
To maximize your funding options, students should also apply for financial aid through
Student Central on Union
. They can help you determine your eligibility for grants, loans, employment opportunities, and other need-based scholarships.
Note that our scholarships are competitive, modest, and in most cases, nonrenewable.
Additional scholarships via the IU Office of Scholarships
Explore more opportunities and apply via the
IU Office of Scholarships website
.
Additional Kelley scholarship opportunities
Eligibility and notification of scholarship awards
Eligibility varies by scholarship account. Criteria may include GPA, major, residency, financial need, or other factors. While most scholarships require a minimum 3.0 GPA, some do not. Don't assume that you’ll receive a scholarship by attaining a certain GPA. Similarly, don’t count yourself out for a scholarship if you haven’t achieved a certain GPA.
Selection occurs in the spring. We cannot inform you of your application status. Applicants remain under consideration until all awards have been made. You will be notified if you have received an award. We do
not
notify students if they are not selected.
Additional financial resources
We’ve compiled a list of additional financial resources you can tap for additional funding and award opportunities. This list includes free scholarship search tools and more.
Scholarship search tools