URL: https://kelley.iu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/transfer-students.html
TITLE: Transfer Students
     | Bachelor's Degree in Business | Indiana Kelley

If you've started your college education somewhere other than IU Bloomington, come join us at Kelley
If you are interested in transferring into the Kelley Undergraduate Program, your first step is to
apply
and be admitted to IU Bloomington as a pre-business student. You will enter Kelley through standard admission.
Learn about standard admission
Admissions criteria
Beginning with the fall 2026 admission term, prospective pre-business transfer students will only have the opportunity to pursue admission for fall terms. To be eligible to enter IU as a pre-business student and pursue admission to the Kelley School of Business, transfer students must have:
Apply to IU Bloomington by June 1 and indicate a Kelley business major on your application (Common Application or Apply IU)
26 completed, transferable credit hours of college credit*
No college course grades below an A-; no course withdrawals, incompletes, or repeated coursework
College level quantitative or analytics course work (such as calculus, finite math, and statistics)
*If you have completed fewer than 26 credit hours, IU Bloomington will require a review of your high school transcript.
Students who do not meet these requirements but are eligible for admission to the university may be admitted to a second-choice major. Students will have the opportunity to work with an advisor to further explore other majors that will allow them to pursue their interest in business outside of the Kelley School of Business. There are many opportunities in IU's other outstanding schools that provide students with a
pathway to a career in business
. These options can also include earning a minor or joining an accelerated graduate program through the Kelley School of Business.
Transfer credit
As a transfer student you will want to utilize
Credit Transfer Service
and
IU Intercampus Transfer
to learn more on how your coursework will apply to your IU Bloomington pathway. From there you will meet with an academic advisor to ensure you are making the enrollment choices that meet your admission and degree progress requirements.
The Kelley School of Business is comprised of two distinct schools on two IU campuses.
Degree programs are separately administered for students admitted to either the Bloomington or Indianapolis campus and school. Learn more about transferability between Kelley programs.
Transfer students
Any student with 12 or more semester hours of college coursework following graduation from high school, including from another IU campus, is considered a transfer student to IU Bloomington and must apply to Kelley through standard admission. Completion of the first year I-Core prerequisites for the Kelley degree is necessary in order to apply through standard admission.
See standard admission FAQ
When to transfer
We recommend that you transfer as soon as possible to prepare for upper-level coursework by taking required prerequisites on the IU Bloomington campus. Many 100-level and 200-level courses are specific to Kelley and cannot be transferred in from other institutions.
Degree completion
Transfer students can expect to spend a minimum of
three and a half years
on the IU Bloomington campus to complete a degree from the Kelley School of Business. The Kelley School rarely accepts business-specific courses from other institutions, even IU campuses like IUI or IUNW. Most, if not all, of your courses will transfer in as general education or elective credit. The
Credit Transfer Service
can be used to determine how your courses will transfer. Most transfer students to Kelley need more than a total of four academic years to complete the Kelley degree.
Stay connected with IU Bloomington
Interested in IU Bloomington? Join the IU mailing list to stay up to date on all things IU, important information about applying, invitations to special events, reminders about upcoming deadlines, and more.
Join the mailing list