URL: https://kelley.iu.edu/undergraduate/index.html
TITLE: Undergraduate
     | Bachelor's Degree in Business | Indiana Kelley

A top-ranked business school with worldwide alumni connections
#8
U.S. News & World Report
Best Undergraduate Business Programs 2026
8 majors
ranked in the top 10
U.S. News & World Report
Best Undergraduate Business Programs 2026
137,000+
Kelley School alumni
Undergraduate business majors and minors
With 20 majors and co-majors—and 4 minors within business—Kelley gives you the opportunity to find your best fit. Create a path that’s your own.
Find business majors and minors
“At Kelley we have so many majors and co-majors—the variety makes it easy to create a customized, tailor-made degree. If you start down one path and find it’s not right for you, that's OK! You can pivot without getting behind in your college plan.”
Bridget Stomberg
Associate Dean for Undergraduate Education, Glaubinger Chair for Undergraduate Leadership, and Professor of Accounting
Admissions requirements
Discover what it takes to earn your business undergraduate degree at Kelley.
Future first-year students
Current IU students
International students
Transfer students
“I used to be a shy, quiet person. Going through the Kelley curriculum—working in teams, taking Business Communications and Business Presentations, developing as a professional in Compass—helped me become more confident, more of who I am.”
Karla Montero
Marketing and Sustainable Business
Prepare for a successful—and meaningful—business career
Launching your career takes preparation. That’s the specialty of our Undergraduate Career Services, one of the nation’s best. Our coaches will provide you with personalized career guidance and support throughout your time at Kelley. And because of Kelley’s reputation, you’ll have many opportunities to network and interview on campus—more than 900 companies recruit Kelley students each year.
Visit Undergraduate Career Services
$78,780
average starting salary for graduates
96%
of graduates employed or in graduate school within 3 months
2,500+
companies recruited Kelley students for internships and full-time positions
“Every Kelley professor and advisor goes out of their way to provide students with whatever they need to succeed. They’ve given me valuable industry insights and countless hours of interview and career prep. The faculty here are your mentors, your friends, and your second family.”
Connor Bickel
Economic Consulting
Explore Bloomington
Description of the video:
Student life
At Kelley, you get the academic options and spirited community of Indiana University, a top public research university. You'll also live in one of the best college towns in the United States: Bloomington, Indiana.
Travel + Leisure
put it best: “The soul of a big city but the heart of a small town.”
Experience student life
Study abroad to gain a deeper understanding of the business world
More than 60% of Kelley students study abroad. You can choose from short programs (three weeks or less) led by Kelley professors, semester programs, or summer programs. Kelleys travel to all corners of the world (26 countries on 6 continents) and learn to analyze and interpret global business situations and challenges.
Where will study abroad take you?
Together, we are the largest business school alumni network
Gain instant connections at some of the world's biggest and best companies. Meet fellow Kelley graduates eager to help you in finding your best fit. Our alumni are on your side even before you graduate, and you can call on them at any stage of your career.
Get to know your alumni network