URL: https://kelley.iu.edu/undergraduate/admissions/visit-us.html
TITLE: Visit Bloomington | Bachelor's Degree in Business | Indiana Kelley

We look forward to welcoming you on campus
Once you’re here, you’ll discover just how vibrant your
life in Bloomington
can be.
Whether you’re thinking about
applying
to Indiana University Bloomington or you’ve already been admitted to IU or Kelley, we encourage you to plan a visit to the IU Bloomington campus.
Connect and share
Get to know Kelley on social media:
Facebook
X
Instagram
LinkedIn
Attend a Kelley School information session
Eager to discover what sets Kelley apart? Attend a session led by a member of our admissions team to learn about Kelley’s programs and opportunities. Advance registration is required–view dates and registration instructions below.
Register now
Meet one-on-one with an admissions counselor
Are you a current high school student applying to IU Bloomington and interested in studying business? Make an appointment to meet with an admissions counselor to get your questions answered and learn what it's like to attend the top-ranked Kelley School of Business.
Information sessions typically cover general questions. One-on-ones are optional and best for specific or personalized concerns. Attending an appointment is not tracked as demonstrated interest. This is NOT an academic advising session or an admissions interview.
Note: We are unable to address inquiries related to financial aid or scholarships. This is not a tour of the IU Bloomington campus or Hodge Hall.
Schedule an in-person appointment
Schedule an online Zoom appointment
Connect with a current Kelley student
Discover what it's like to be in Kelley from a student in the Undergraduate Program. Schedule a 30-minute phone or Zoom chat or shadow a course with a
Kelley Guide
, our official ambassadors.
Chat with a Kelley Guide
Visit a Kelley class
You must schedule classroom visits at least 14 days in advance. We will do our best to pair you with a Kelley Guide who shares your interests. We can't guarantee an exact class and time.
Please note: Chats and classroom visits are not available for scheduling during campus holidays or final exam weeks. Questions? Please contact
bushost@iu.edu
.
Tour Hodge Hall at your own pace
While on campus, you’re invited to take a self-guided tour of Hodge Hall—the academic home for Kelley undergraduates. From state-of-the-art classrooms to creative collaboration spaces, you can experience what it’s really like to be a Kelley student.
Get self-guided tour instructions
Tour the Jellison Living Learning Center
Tours of the Jellison Living Learning Center vary by semester. If you can't make a tour, you can still learn more about the JLLC by contacting us at
ksbllc@iu.edu
or 812-855-0791.
Can’t make a tour? You can learn more by attending one of our informational webinars.
Fall semester tours
During the fall semester, JLLC tours take place Mondays from 3:30 to 5 p.m. and Fridays from 3 to 5 p.m.
Sign up is not required, but is encouraged. Please contact us at
ksbllc@iu.edu
or 812-855-0791 to schedule your tour today. Please note that tours are not offered during campus holidays.
Spring semester tours
During the spring semester, JLLC tours take place on Mondays from 3:30 to 5 p.m. and Fridays from 3 to 5 p.m. Sign up is not required but is encouraged. Please contact us at
ksbllc@iu.edu
or 812-855-0791 to schedule your tour today. Please note that tours are not offered during campus holidays.
Summer tours
Tours of the JLLC are not available during the summer. If you are visiting campus between May and August, you can schedule a campus tour through the
Office of Admissions
.
During the
Discover IU Days
, you can see a residence hall that has similar accommodations to those found in the JLLC.
Connect with us at a JLLC informational webinar
Join us for an informational webinar session where we'll discuss residential housing and program details, the Kelley School of Business, and Indiana University. You'll have the opportunity to ask JLLC residents questions to see if this program is the right fit for you.
Upcoming webinars
February 13
March 13
April 17
Sign up for our webinar
Explore Bloomington
Bloomington features world-class food and entertainment in a small-town setting. Whether you attend a Broadway show at the IU Auditorium or a basketball game at Assembly Hall, explore nature on a nearby hiking trail or ethnic dining options on Fourth Street, you'll create a memorable college experience in this vibrant community.
Description of the video: