URL: https://cnu.edu/admission/index.html
TITLE: Admission | Christopher Newport University

Your Next Chapter Starts Here
At Christopher Newport, we see you for who you are and who you can become. Your dreams, your goals, your story matter here. Whether you’re exploring your passions, seeking a close-knit community, or ready to challenge yourself in and out of the classroom, this is where your journey begins. Ready to take the first step toward becoming a Captain? Choose your student type below, and let’s get started.
Choose Your Application Experience
Freshman
Start your college journey in a community that inspires you to discover your purpose and reach your potential.
Visit Freshman Admission
Transfer
Continue your path to a degree with a seamless transfer experience that keeps you on track to achieve your goals.
Visit Transfer Admission
International
Broaden your horizons and thrive in a community that celebrates global perspectives and supports your success.
Visit International Admission
Graduate
Advance your career and deepen your expertise with a graduate program that challenges, inspires and prepares you to lead.
Visit Graduate Admission
Re-Admit
If you’ve previously attended CNU and are ready to return, we’re excited to help you pick up where you left off.
Visit Re-Admit Admission
Non-Degree
Interested in taking classes without pursuing a full degree? Explore flexible options that fit your goals and schedule.
Visit Non-Degree Admission
Academics
At Christopher Newport, academic excellence drives everything we do. With 90+ areas of study, you’ll find opportunities to match your passions and launch your future. Small classes mean professors know you, challenge you, and cheer you on. It’s a powerful learning experience that will shape who you become.
Academics
Costs and Aid
College is a major investment in your future. We’re here to make it clear and manageable. Explore tuition, financial aid, and resources that make Christopher Newport affordable.
Costs and Aid
Student Life
Life at Christopher Newport is anything but ordinary. With 200+ clubs, top-ranked housing, DIII and intramural sports, and can’t-miss events, there’s always something exciting happening. Here, traditions bring us together, and classmates become lifelong friends.
Student Life
More to Explore
Who We Are
Discover what sets Christopher Newport apart - a vibrant community where you will find your people, purpose and a place that feels like home. Explore how our values, academics and traditions create a college experience that’s truly transformative.
Housing
Live in the best college housing that Virginia has to offer, and one of the top-ranked in the nation. With modern amenities, welcoming spaces and a built-in sense of community, our residence halls are designed to help you feel at home from day one.
Honors Program
Push your potential further in our Honors Program, an academic experience for students who are ready to dig deeper, think bigger and make the most of their college journey.
President's Leadership Program
Step into a program that empowers you to lead with purpose. PLP blends coursework, service, and personal development in a way that’s unique to CNU.
Contact Us
Office of Admission
First Year Students
admit@cnu.edu
(757) 594-7015
Toll Free: 1 (800) 333-4268
Fax: (757) 594-7333
Christopher Newport Hall Second Floor
instagram link
Transfer Admission
First Year Students
transfer@cnu.edu
(757) 594-7296
Christopher Newport Hall First Floor
Graduate Admission
First Year Students
gradadmit@cnu.edu
(757) 594-8585
Trible Library 243
Christopher Newport felt like a place where I could grow and learn to push myself to be the best version of who I am.
Kaleigh Cole '26
CREATE YOUR WORLD
Programs
Visit
Request Info
Back to top