URL: https://cnu.edu/financial-aid/departmental-scholarships.html
TITLE: Departmental Scholarships | Christopher Newport University

Departmental Scholarships
Every major at Christopher Newport is housed in an academic department, which itself is part of either the College of Arts and Humanities, the College of Natural and Behavioral Sciences, the College of Social Sciences, or the Joseph Luter III School of Business.
Think of your academic department as the base camp for your scholarship exploration. Many academic departments offer their own scholarships in addition to scholarships from the University or external sources.
Business
Recipients of all business scholarships must be full-time students who have been accepted into the Luter School of Business.
1st Advantage Federal Credit Union Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a rising junior or senior who is from Hampton Roads, with a preference for Military or reserve members or their children. Candidate must demonstrate financial need as determined through FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
BB&T Endowed Leadership Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to juniors and is renewable for one year. Recipients must be residents of Virginia, and maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA. Students must demonstrate strong evidence of leadership and public service.
Elizabeth H. and Harrol A. Brauer Jr. Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a student who is a rising junior and a resident of Virginia. This merit-based award will be given to a student showing strong evidence of leadership and public service with a preference for students in the President’s Leadership Program. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Harold D. Carter Memorial Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to rising juniors or seniors majoring in accounting who reside in one of the following Hampton Roads locations: Hampton, Newport News, Poquoson, Williamsburg, or York County. Recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Professor Ronnie Cohen, JD, LLM, Scholarship of Excellence
Recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
GRF CPAs & Advisors Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to newly accepted students in the Luter School of Business majoring in accounting and is renewable. Recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
W. Bruce Jennings Annual Scholarship in Accounting or Finance
This scholarship is awarded to a junior who is majoring in Accounting or Finance and who demonstrates financial need as determined through the FAFSA.
Langley Federal Credit Union Luter School of Business Annual Scholarship
Recipients of this award must be a Virginia resident and hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA. One of the four scholarships will be awarded to a Master of Financial Analysis graduate student.
G. Keith McMurran Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a rising junior or senior who demonstrates financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 2.75 or higher GPA.
The
Oyster Pointer
Outstanding Marketing Student Endowed Scholarship
This scholar is awarded to an outstanding junior (initially) majoring in marketing who maintains a 3.4 or higher GPA. Renewable for a second year.
PB Mares Endowed Scholarship in Accounting
This scholarship is awarded to a student who is majoring in accounting. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Richard Franklin Abbitt Memorial Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to rising juniors, based on merit. This merit-based award will be given to a student showing strong evidence of leadership and public service with a preference for students in the President’s Leadership Program.
TowneBank Spirit of Excellence Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is initially awarded to rising sophomores from the Hampton Roads region of Virginia. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Vubay Foundation Annual Scholarship in Business Administration
This scholarship is awarded to juniors or seniors who are residents of Hampton Roads. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
William E. Wood and Associates Foundation Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to juniors or seniors who are residents of Hampton Roads. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA. This scholarship is awarded by the Luter School of Business and the Office of Teacher Preparation, alternating each academic year.
Communication
Rose M. Cooper and Rita Cooper-Hubbard Communication Studies Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, rising seniors. Recipients of this award must be majoring in communication. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
English
The Albert E. Millar Jr. Scholarship
The Albert E. Millar Jr. Scholarship honors the life and career of Dr. Al Millar, who taught at Christopher Newport from 1965-2001. This scholarship is funded by donations from the Millar family, students, colleagues and friends. It is given to English majors who demonstrate a desire to study literature.
Dr. Joyce K. Sancetta Book Award
The Dr. Joyce K. Sancetta Book Award honors Sancetta’s 10-year service to the English Department. Sancetta funded this book award to assist an English major in developing a library for their personal and/or professional use. Eligible students can submit a list of proposed books and an essay explaining how the specified books advance the student’s interests and goals.
Nancy Gonzales Turner Memorial Scholarship
The Nancy Gonzales Turner Memorial Scholarship is awarded to a student majoring in English who exhibits outstanding academic achievement.
Teresa VanDover Scholarship
The Teresa Van Dover Scholarship is given in memory of Terry Van Dover, an English major enrolled during the 1980s. After her death, her husband solicited contributions from Terry's former employers, as well as friends and family, in order to establish the award, the criteria for which reflect Terry's interests and circumstances.
W. D. Wolf Memorial Endowed Scholarship
The W.D. Wolf Memorial Endowed Scholarship was established in memory of Wolf’s service to the English Department from 1976 to 1982.
Fine Arts and Art History
Alexick Art Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time student with artistic promise. Recipients of this award must be majoring or intending to major in visual art. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 2.5 or higher GPA.
Alumni Society Betty Anglin Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time freshman. Recipients of this award must major or intend to major in art. Scholar must present a talent portfolio for review by the faculty committee. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Ernie L. Anglin Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time or part-time student. Recipients of this award must major or intend to major in art. Scholar must present a talent portfolio for review by the faculty committee. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Minnie Lee and William P. Hayes Endowed Fine Arts Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to students majoring in the fine and visual arts programs with preference given to residents of one of the following areas for four or more years: Norfolk, Newport News, Williamsburg, York and James City Counties.
Terry Cox-Joseph and Vince Joseph Annual Scholarship in the Fine Arts
This scholarship is awarded to full-time students. Recipients of this award must major or intend to major in the fine arts. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
History
William Cameron Schlifke Memorial Endowed Scholarship
Cameron Schlifke was serving as a designated driver for his fraternity when he was killed by a drunk driver in November 2008. In his memory, his family and many friends raised endowment funds for a scholarship that bears his name. Cameron’s many contributions to student life are recognized in this award and we hope his example will continue to inspire students. This scholarship is awarded to full-time juniors and seniors majoring in history, with preference given to students who contribute to the student community and are members of a University-recognized Greek organization. Recipients must hold a cumulative 2.0 or higher GPA.
Military Science
Pat Giguere Memorial Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a student participating in ROTC or who demonstrates an interest in pursuing a career in the military. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA and must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
William T. Evans, LT USN and James W. Evans Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time student participating in ROTC or who demonstrates an interest in pursuing a career in the military. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Modern and Classical Languages
Classical Studies and Italian Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time undergraduate enrolled in a degree program in classical studies. In order to qualify, you must be in good academic standing, have completed two semester of study at Christopher Newport University, and have completed two semesters of study in Greek, Latin or Italian.
Doris Reppen Endowed Scholarship in Spanish
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time student majoring in Spanish. In order to qualify, you must be a junior or a senior and must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Molecular Biology and Chemistry
Biochemistry and Cell Biology Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time student with strong academic achievement. Recipients of this award must have an interest in biochemistry or cell biology. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 2.0 or higher GPA.
The Dr. Lawrence J. and Ruth Sacks Annual Chemistry Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time students majoring in chemistry. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Music
Alumni Society Endowed Music Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time incoming freshman. Recipients of this award must major or intend to major in music. Selected by audition and/or review of the students talent portfolio by the faculty committee. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Dr. Clyde W. Brockett Endowed Music Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to students majoring in music and who are enrolled full-time. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Dr. Jeffrey Brown Annual Scholarship in Piano
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time incoming freshman. Recipient must be majoring in music with piano or organ as the major instrument. The recipient will be selected based on audition and academic achievement. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
William S. Brown Endowed Music Scholarship in Jazz Studies
This scholarship in jazz studies is awarded to a full-time incoming freshman. Recipient must be majoring in music with a professional certificate in jazz studies. The recipient will be selected based on audition and academic achievement. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Marguerite K. Carter Endowed Music Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time students. Recipients of this award must play a string instrument, with preference given to violin. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Charles Cooper Endowed Music Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, incoming freshmen. Recipients of this award must be majoring in music and must participate in the major ensemble each semester. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Ed D’Alfonso Endowed Music Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time student pursuing a bachelor of music. Preference will be given to students pursuing a professional certificate in jazz studies. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Emmett F. Dyer Endowed Scholarship in Keyboard Studies
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, incoming freshman pursuing a bachelor of music degree with piano or organ as the major instrument. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Jo Ann Falletta Endowed Music Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, incoming freshmen. Recipients of this award must be pursuing a bachelor's degree in music. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA and must participate each semester in his or her major ensemble.
Ella Fitzgerald Endowed Music Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time, undergraduates majoring in music. Preference is given to vocal music majors from Newport News. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Friends of Music Annual and Endowed Scholarships
These scholarships are awarded to full-time music majors. Applicants must perform two works of contrasting style. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher cumulative GPA.
Sophie Chang Fritz Music Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time, undergraduates. Recipients of this award must be pursuing the bachelor of music degree with piano or organ as the major instrument. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
John Gaines Endowed Music Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time students. Recipients of this award must be majoring in music and must perform two works of contrasting style. Recipients must participate in his or her major ensemble each semester and maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Gloucester and Mathews Endowed Music Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time music majors with preference given to students who graduated from a high school in Gloucester or Mathews County. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Donald E. Golden Annual Music Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, undergraduates pursuing a bachelor of music degree. Recipients of this award will be required to hold a performance at the Trinity Evangelical Lutheran Church in Newport News. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
McCoy Performing Arts Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time, undergraduates majoring in music or performing arts, with preference given to freshmen. Recipient must be a Virginia resident, and preference shall be given to a commuting student from York County. Financial need shall be a consideration only if all other things are equal. Financial need is determined through the FAFSA.
Virginia Purtle Endowed Merit Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, incoming freshmen majoring in music. Preference shall be given to students who intend to be vocal music majors. Selected students must participate in major ensemble each semester. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Dr. Mark U. Reimer Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time students majoring in instrumental music education. Applicants must perform two works of contrasting style. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher cumulative GPA. Recipients must enroll each semester in Symphonic Band or University Orchestra and remain an instrumental music education major.
Reynolds Music Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time, incoming freshman majoring in music. Recipients must have evidence of exceptional performance ability through audition and experience in musical production. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Robert Carol Smith Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time, incoming freshman, who intends to major in music. Preference will be given to those interested in focusing on piano or vocal performance. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Organismal and Environmental Biology
Green Spring Garden Club Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time undergraduates majoring in environmental science or full-time graduate students pursuing a master of science in environmental science. Preference will be given to students from Hampton Roads or Virginia. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA. This award is restricted and may only be applied toward tuition and fee charges.
Green Spring Garden Club Master of Science in Environmental Science Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time undergraduates majoring in environmental science or full-time graduate students pursuing a master of science in environmental science. Preference will be given to students from Hampton Roads or Virginia. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.5 or higher GPA. This award is restricted and may only be applied toward tuition and fee charges.
Wylie C. Kirkpatrick Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time juniors or seniors majoring in environmental science/environmental biology. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
W. T. Patrick Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to seniors majoring in biology, chemistry, environmental science, physics, computer science or engineering. This scholarship is awarded by the Department of Physics, Computer Science and Engineering and the Department of Organismal and Environmental Biology, alternating each academic year.
Dr. T. Edward Weiss Endowed Scholarship in Organismal and Environmental Biology
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time rising junior or senior majoring in environmental biology, integrative biology or organismal biology. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Philosophy and Religion
Tillett Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time students. The student must be majoring in the Department of Philosophy and Religion with a preference given to a student concentrating in pre-seminary studies and a preference to those demonstrating financial need as determined by the FAFSA. Recipients must demonstrate high academic performance and a strong evidence of leadership and community service. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Underwood Endowed Scholarship in Philosophy, the Arts and Humanities
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time student majoring in philosophy or another discipline within the College of Arts and Humanities. Recipients must maintain a 2.5 or higher GPA. Preference is given to student with a proven record of service in the social justice causes of relieving hunger, poverty, homelessness and economic inequality.
Physics, Computer Science, and Engineering
Jose Andres Hernandez Godoy Annual Memorial Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time student who must major in physics, computer science or engineering. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Randall H. Caton Endowed Merit Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, rising sophomores majoring in physics.
Jacobs Annual STEM Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time students enrolled in the master of applied physics and computer science programs. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA.
National Defense Industrial Association (NDIA) Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to students majoring in a field that supports national welfare. One award is for a student working toward a degree in physics, computer science or engineering with an emphasis on an engineering field, and another to a student with a minor in U.S. national security studies. Recipient must be a full-time senior or graduate student. The recipient of this award must attend the NDIA annual luncheon. This scholarship is awarded by both the Department of Physics, Computer Science and Engineering and the Department of Political Science each year.
National Defense Transportation Annual University Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time, rising senior minoring in U.S. national security studies. In order to qualify, recipients must be a junior fellow in the Center for American Studies and maintain a 3.4 or higher GPA.
W. T. Patrick Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to seniors majoring in biology, chemistry, environmental science, physics, computer science or engineering. This scholarship is awarded by the Department of Physics, Computer Science and Engineering and the Department of Organismal and Environmental Biology, alternating each academic year.
PCSE Community Spirit Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time student majoring in physics, computer science or engineering. The student has to have contributed to the PCSE Department. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Political Science
Senator John C. Miller Endowed Scholarship for Education & Government Services
This scholarship is awarded to rising, full-time juniors with a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0. Recipients shall major in education/teacher preparation, political science or American studies with a minor in leadership. Recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).
William C. Winter Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to students who demonstrate academic achievement. Recipients of this award must be majoring in political science. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Psychology
Amaya Albertsen Memorial Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a student who majors in psychology and is a student staff member who exemplifies Christopher Newport traditions and customer service.
Dr. Joanne Smit Squires Endowed Scholarship in Psychology
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time students majoring in psychology with preference given to students who demonstrate an interest in Dr. Squires’ area of focus: industrial and organizational psychology. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Public Policy
Harry and Judy Wason Annual Scholarship in Public Policy
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement, to full-time juniors and seniors who are majoring or minoring in political science. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM)
James and Virginia Taylor Endowed STEM Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time sophomores, juniors or seniors. Recipients of this award must be majoring in science, technology, engineering or math. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Catherine and Preston White Annual STEM Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time juniors or seniors who are majoring in science, technology, engineering or math. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA. This award is restricted and may only be applied toward tuition and fee charges.
Teacher Preparation
Shirley S. Makibbin Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a current senior who has been admitted into the fifth-year master of arts in teaching program, with preference given to elementary and English teaching majors. This scholarship is restricted and may only be applied toward tuition charges.
Senator John C. Miller Endowed Scholarship for Education & Government Services
This scholarship is awarded to rising juniors who are attending the university on a full-time basis with a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0. Recipients shall major in education/teacher preparation, political science or American studies with a minor in leadership. Recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).
James and Virginia Taylor Endowed MAT Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a senior student admitted to the master of arts in teaching program.
RCD Thompson Teaching Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic merit to a current senior who has been admitted into the fifth-year master of arts in teaching program. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
William E. Wood and Associates Foundation Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time students from the Hampton Roads region. Recipients of this award must be a rising junior or senior in the Luter School of Business or in the master of arts in teaching program. In order to qualify, recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA. This scholarship is awarded by the Luter School of Business and the Office of Teacher Preparation, alternating each academic year.
Wood-Shoemaker MAT Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to graduate-level students enrolled in the master of arts in teaching program. This award is based on academic achievement. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Theater and Dance
John L. Allen Backstage Annual Theater Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time student with a theater design/technical concentration. The student, if a sophomore, must be a theater major; if the student is a freshman he/she must formally declare his/her intent to choose theater as a major in sophomore year. Recipients of this award must present design portfolios and complete an interview with theater faculty designees. Scholars must also accept design or technical positions as assigned by the Theater and Dance Department. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Alumni Society Theater Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time undergraduate. Recipients of this award must major or intend to major in theater. Recipients are selected by audition and/or by review of the students design portfolio by the faculty committee. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Barbara Austin Memorial Theater Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time undergraduate majoring in the fine or performing arts who also demonstrates leadership and public service. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher cumulative GPA.
John and Betty Corcoran Annual Theater Arts Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time theater major with a concentration in either music-theater/dance or acting. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Casey DiPersio Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time student who is actively studying a minor in dance and demonstrates leadership and public service. In order to qualify, you must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
George J. Hillow Annual Theater Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, undergraduates. Students must demonstrate academic excellence through their GPA and SAT or ACT scores. Recipients of this award must be a theater major with an interest in theater design or technical concentration. Applicants must present design portfolios to theater faculty designees and must complete an interview with theater faculty designees. If the recipient is a sophomore, he or she must be a theater major. If a freshman, he or she must formally declare his or her intent to choose theater as a major in their sophomore year. The recipient must accept design or technical positions as assigned by the Theater and Dance Department.
Thomas N. Hunnicutt III Endowed Scholarship in Music Theater Fund
This scholarship is awarded to full-time students who are in good academic standing. Recipients must major in theater with a concentration in music theater. Recipients must also demonstrate financial need as determined by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).
Robert L. Kelly Theater Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on dedication and talent to a full-time student who has declared theater as a major. Applicants must present a letter of recommendation from a teacher or director in support of the applicant's artistic and academic record as well as his/her attitudes, skills and dedication, and audition for all departmental productions and accept roles as cast (tech/designer students must accept design or technical positions as assigned).
Michael E. Mares Theater and Dance Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time student majoring in theater and dance. In order to qualify, you must have a demonstrated record of community service.
Music Theater and Dance Theater Guild Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, incoming freshmen. Recipients of this award must be majoring in theater. The recipients of this award must accept performance, design or technical positions as assigned by the Theater and Dance Department. The recipient must audition for the annual dance concert and accept roles as cast. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Theater Guild Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time undergraduate. Recipients of this award must be majoring in theater. The recipients of this award must audition and/or accept performance positions as assigned by the Theater and Dance Department. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Theater Guild Enhanced Performance Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time freshman or sophomore. Recipients of this award must be majoring in theater. The recipients of this award must audition and/or accept performance positions as assigned by the Theater and Dance Department. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Theater Guild Vision Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time students pursuing a major in theater. The recipient must audition for and/or accept performance positions as assigned by the Theater and Dance Department. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Spurgeon Pollard Toney IV Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time, sophomores, juniors or seniors majoring in performing arts with a concentration in theater or music theater. Students must possess both talent and a desire to perform on stage. Recipients must maintain a 2.5 or higher GPA.
Back to top