URL: https://cnu.edu/financial-aid/apply.html
TITLE: Applying for Financial Aid | Christopher Newport University

Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
The FAFSA is the federal application for financial aid. In order to be considered for any type of need-based financial aid or federal student loans, students must complete a FAFSA.
The FAFSA is used to calculate your
Student Aid Index (SAI)
, which is an index number used to determine eligibility for financial aid. The calculation of this is governed by federal regulations, and is based on the household and income information you (and your parent(s), if applicable) enter.
All students seeking financial aid must complete the FAFSA to be considered. Christopher Newport’s school code is
003706
, which should be entered to ensure your information is sent to the correct school.
Directions
You (and at least one parent, if applicable) will need to create user ids and passwords for logging into the
Federal Student Aid
website, where the FAFSA is completed.
You will then be asked to enter information about yourself, dependency status (see below), identify other contributors (parents(s), if applicable) your college plans and income information.
If you are a dependent student, the FAFSA will request basic and contact information for your parent(s) who are identified as contributors, and they will need to provide their income and financial information.
You can find more information about completing the FAFSA on our
financial aid
page or on the Federal Student aid website.
Please note
:
The FAFSA is based on tax information from two years prior (ex. The 2026-2027 FAFSA asks for tax and income information from 2024).
Determining Dependency Status
Students are considered to be independent under very specific circumstances, which are governed by federal law. If you can answer yes to any of the questions you may qualify as an independent student, but may be asked for documentation of your status. Possible qualifications for independent status include, but are not limited to: married students, veterans, students with children of their own (if the student provides more than half of their support), students under legal guardianship (but
not
legal custody). Please be sure to read these questions carefully if you believe you may
qualify as an independent student.
If none of these criteria apply to you and you believe you may be considered an independent student or are unable to get parent information for the FAFSA under a set of unusual circumstances, please contact the Office of Financial Aid to discuss your circumstances and options you may have.
Next Steps
Once Christopher Newport has received your FAFSA, it will be reviewed for any additional information that may be required and for aid eligibility. You will receive emails from the Office of Financial Aid regarding your status. For incoming freshmen, those emails will be sent to the student’s email address entered on the FAFSA. For returning students, emails will be sent to your Christopher Newport email address.
Virginia Alternative State Aid (VASA) Application
The Virginia Alternative State Aid (VASA) Application is an alternative option to the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Students who submit a VASA Application will only be considered for state and institutional financial aid.
Who should file a VASA Application?
Virginians who are nonimmigrants, undocumented, have Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) status or are otherwise ineligible to file the FAFSA and want to be considered for state financial aid. To complete a VASA Application and be considered for state and institutional financial aid, students must meet
domicile or Tuition Equity Provision
requirements.
Note
: Students who are eligible to complete a FAFSA should complete that and
not
the VASA Application.
Accessing the VASA Application
If you meet the criteria described above, review the State Council of Higher Education for Virginia’s
(SCHEV) information
on the application and access the application portal.
Once logged in, you will then be asked to enter information about yourself and your college plans, dependency status, and income information. If you are a dependent student, the FAFSA will also request information on your parent(s) and their income and financial information.
Please note
: The VASA Application is based on tax/income information from two years prior (ex. The 2026-2027 VASA Application asks for tax and income information from 2024).
Next Steps
Once Christopher Newport has received your VASA Application, it will be reviewed for any additional information that may be required and for aid eligibility. You will receive emails from the Office of Financial Aid regarding your status. For incoming freshmen, those emails will be sent to the student’s email address entered on the VASA Application. For returning students, emails will be sent to your Christopher Newport email address.
Net Price Calculator
Undergraduate Students
Graduate Students
Special Circumstances
Back to top