URL: https://cnu.edu/financial-aid/grants.html
TITLE: Grants | Christopher Newport University

Federal Student Grant Programs
Federal Pell Grant
The Pell Grant is a need-based grant that is administered by the Department of Education. Federal Pell Grants are limited to students with the highest level of financial need, who have not earned their first bachelor’s degree.
The U.S. Department of Education uses a standard formula to evaluate financial information reported on the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) for determining the student’s
Student Aid Index (SAI)
.
Award amounts typically change each award year. For the 2025-26 award year (July 1, 2025 – June 30, 2026), the maximum award is $7,395.
Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant (FSEOG)
The FSEOG Grant is a need-based grant that provides supplemental funding for Pell Grant recipients who demonstrate exceptional financial need. Funding is very limited. Awards are made to Pell eligible students with the lowest SAI on a first-come, first-served basis.
State Grant Programs
Virginia Guaranteed Assistance Program (VGAP)
VGAP is a state-funded award in which funding is restricted toward paying tuition, fees and books. In order to be eligible for a VGAP award, a student must:
Be admitted to a Virginia public two- or four-year college or university
A domiciliary resident of Virginia as defined by the Code of Virginia 23–7.4
Demonstrate financial need as determined by the institution (FAFSA required)
Be enrolled full-time in an eligible baccalaureate program
Be a U.S. citizen or eligible non-citizen, and otherwise eligible for federal financial aid
This is a grant and does not have to be repaid. The actual awards vary by institution and are based on funds available.
A student must be a graduate of a Virginia high school, with a minimum cumulative high school grade point average of 2.5 on a 4.0 scale, and must be classified as a dependent student for federal financial aid purposes. A student generally enters the VGAP program as a freshman.
Renewal Eligibility Criteria
Awards may be renewed for up to three additional years provided that the student:
Completes the FAFSA by CNU's priority filing deadline
Maintains continuous full-time enrollment in an eligible program
Continues to demonstrate financial need
Maintains a grade point average of at least 2.0
Maintains Satisfactory Academic Progress
Has advanced class levels upon completion of each full year of award received (VGAP is restricted to no more than one year – 12 months – per class level – freshman, sophomore, junior, senior).
If you receive additional tuition based financial assistance, your VGAP award may be reduced or canceled as your award can not exceed your total net cost of tuition, fees and books.
Virginia Commonwealth Award
The Commonwealth Award is a state-funded award in which funding is restricted to paying tuition and fees. In order to be eligible for a Commonwealth Award, a student must
Be admitted into a Virginia public two- or four-year college or university
A domiciliary resident of Virginia as defined by the Code of Virginia 23–7.4
Demonstrate financial need as determined by the institution (FAFSA required)
Be enrolled at least half-time in an eligible baccalaureate program
Be a U.S. citizen or eligible non-citizen, and otherwise eligible for federal financial aid.
This is a grant and does not have to be repaid. The actual awards vary by institution and are based on funds available. The awards may not exceed tuition and required fees.
If you receive any additional tuition based assistance, your Commonwealth Award may be reduced or canceled.
Students who do not qualify for the VGAP award may qualify for the Commonwealth Award. Students may only qualify for one or the other – not both.
Virginia Two-Year College Transfer Grant
The Virginia Two-Year College Transfer Grant Program is a need-based grant program for transfer students who have earned an associate degree at a Virginia two-year public institution and graduated with a cumulative 3.00 GPA or higher. Students must not exceed a maximum Student Aid Index (SAI) of 12,000. Continuing students must maintain full-time enrollment, minimum SAI requirements and a cumulative 3.00 GPA or higher to renew the grant.
State Waiver Programs
Virginia Military Survivors and Dependent Education Program
This program provides eligible students, as confirmed by the Virginia Department of Veterans Services, with waiver of all tuition and mandatory fees at a Virginia public college or university. In addition, as funds are available, eligible students may receive a stipend to offset other educational expenses, such as room and board.
To be eligible, children and spouses of qualifying veteran service members must meet the following requirements:
The dependent child must be between the ages 16 and 29 inclusively; there is no age restriction for spouses
The qualifying military service member must be a current Virginia citizen or maintained a physical presence in the Commonwealth of Virginia presently and for five consecutive years prior to the date of application submission, or must have entered military service as a citizen of Virginia
In the case of a deceased qualifying military service member, the surviving spouse can meet the residency requirements by:
Having been a Virginia citizen or maintained a physical presence in the Commonwealth of Virginia for five consecutive years prior to marrying the military service member or
Presently being a Virginia citizen or maintained a physical presence in the Commonwealth of Virginia for five consecutive years prior to the date of application submission
Virginia Line of Duty Survivor Educational Benefits
Students whose parent or spouse was killed in the line of duty while employed or serving as a public safety officer with the Commonwealth of Virginia or one of its political subdivisions are entitled to waiver of undergraduate tuition and required fees at a Virginia public college or university under certain conditions.
Above referenced public safety occupations include law-enforcement officers, public university campus police officers, sworn law-enforcement officers, firefighters, forest wardens, rescue squad members, special agents of the Virginia Alcoholic Beverage Control Authority, state correctional, regional or local jail officers, regional jail or jail farm superintendents, sheriffs, or deputy sheriffs, members of the Virginia National Guard, or members of the Virginia Defense Force.
For more information, contact the Virginia Department of Accounts at (804) 225-3038 or visit the Virginia Department of Accounts website.
Institutional Grant Programs
CNU Grant
The CNU Grant is a non-renewable, need-based institutional grant. These funds are limited and are typically awarded to students on the basis of financial hardship.
To qualify, students must be enrolled full-time in an approved undergraduate program and maintain a cumulative GPA of 2.0 or above.
Back to top