URL: https://cnu.edu/financial-aid/work-study.html
TITLE: Work Study | Christopher Newport University

Work Study
Federal Work-Study (FWS) provides part-time jobs for undergraduate students with exceptional financial need, allowing them to earn money to help pay education expenses. The program encourages community service work and work related to the student’s course of study.
Through the program, students earn money to help pay for college expenses.
Under FWS, students work in various positions on campus. Some students work in administrative offices, such as Admission or Financial Aid, while other students are employed in locations such as the Freeman Center. Once in a position, the student and his or her supervisor work out a schedule, taking into consideration the student’s classes. A student may work no more than 20 hours per week, and he or she may not work more than their scheduled award. The average award is for approximately 5 to 10 hours a week.
Students are responsible for securing on-campus employment by applying through Handshake, the student employment portal. Federal Work Study eligible positions will be marked in the job posting. If you need assistance with Handshake, need your resume reviewed, or anything else related to applying for an on-campus job please reach out to the Center for Career Planning.
Application Process:
Complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).
Must apply early and meet the priority filing deadline.
Students who are interested in the Federal Work Study program should contact the Financial Aid office to have their eligibility reviewed.
If you qualify for FWS it will be added to your financial aid package (typically after the initial offer has been made). FWS is a need-based program with limited funding, so not all students will be eligible even if they expressed interest in it.
Special Notes:
Students will be paid minimum wage.
FWS funds are not used as a credit towards tuition. Students are paid twice a month by the Payroll Office. Wages earned through the program can be used towards living and/or school expenses.
Students who have not participated in FWS in prior years and who are interested in the program will be considered on a case-by-case basis. FWS funds are based on federal funding, and these funds are generally limited.
On-campus employment is also available from the Center for Career Planning for students who do not qualify for FWS. Contact their office for more information.
Students participating in the FWS Program should be familiar with the CNU Student Employment Policies.
Back to top