URL: https://cnu.edu/financial-aid/financial-aid-scholarships.html
TITLE: Office of Financial Aid Scholarships | Christopher Newport University

Selections for these scholarships are made by the Office of Financial Aid in the summer. Many of these scholarships require financial need. In order to be considered for need-based scholarships, you must complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) by the priority deadline of March 1 and include our school code (003706).
A. Kenneth Scribner Sr. Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time students who have completed their freshman year. Recipients must be a graduate of a public high school in the Hampton Roads region and must be majoring in sciences, engineering, technology or pre-health. In order to qualify, applicants must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Applicants must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Albert and Sydnor Moberg Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time student who is a first-generation college student. Preference is given to students participating in the President's Leadership Program. Recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 2.5 or higher GPA.
Alumni Achievement Endowed Scholarship
Recipients must be a member of the Community Captains program. Recipients must be either a first-generation college student or demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA.
Alumni Society Jonny Besecker Memorial Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time freshman. Recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Artie and Toni Lolo Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, incoming freshmen. Preference will be given to students from the Hampton Roads region. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Bettye J. Patten Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time, incoming freshman. Preference is given to a resident of one of the following cities: Poquoson, Newport News or Hampton. Recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a 3.0 or higher high school GPA and maintain a 2.5 or higher GPA at Christopher Newport.
Beverly B. Pulliam '83 Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time student pursing teaching. Recipients must be residents of Newport News. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Applicants must hold a cumulative 2.0 or higher GPA.
Bobby and Vicki Freeman Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded at the discretion of the Office of Financial Aid based on individual scholarship needs. Recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the Free FAFSA.
Brian Eichenbrenner Political Science Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time, incoming freshmen with an interest in majoring in political science. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.2 or higher GPA.
The Brusnahan Family Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time students. Recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Carolyn Pultz Brown Memorial Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time, undergraduate based on academic achievement in the President's Leadership Program. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Class of 2012 Senior Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a rising full-time senior. Recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 2.5 or higher GPA.
D'Alfonso Family Endowed Music Education Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to students in good academic standing. Recipients must be rising seniors who shall be admitted to the MAT choral music education or MAT instrumental education program.
The Deal Family Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, rising juniors. Recipients must major in biological sciences and must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Dean and Linda Black Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time student who demonstrates academic achievement and evidence of leadership and public service. Recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Donald A. Norton Memorial Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time student with financial need. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 2.0 or higher GPA.
Dorothy Rouse-Bottom Memorial Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time student participating in the President’s Leadership Program. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA. Preference is given to students majoring in history and who are residents of the Hampton Roads region.
Doughty Family Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time, commuter student. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 2.0 or higher GPA.
Dr. Robert Miller Saunders Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to an undergraduate student participating in the Pre-Law Program. In order to qualify you must be accepted and in good standing with the President’s Leadership Program. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Dr. Vinod P. Maniyar Memorial Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a junior who participates in school activities. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 3.5 or higher GPA.
Ethel M. Gildersleeve Memorial Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time students who live in Newport News and graduated from a Newport News High School. Recipients must demonstrate participation in school and community activities. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Follet Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time student. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or above cumulative GPA.
Francesca Herbert Memorial Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on financial need to students who are single parents and support their dependent children. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 2.0 or higher GPA.
George William Davis Memorial Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time student, with preference given to a student majoring in accounting. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA. This award is restricted and may only be applied toward tuition and fee charges.
Gilliam Anderson Hughes Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time student who is a resident of Virginia. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Gordon E. Barlow Jr. Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time incoming freshman. Recipients of this award must major in mathematics and receive a merit-based PLP or Honors scholarship. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Grace Episcopal Church O'Hara Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time, commuter students. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 2.0 or higher GPA.
Grace Lovegrove Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement with preference given, in this order: to students matriculating from Patrick Henry High School in Roanoke, Virginia; students from the Roanoke Valley; students from Southwestern Virginia. Preference will also be given to students with strong interests in cross-country training or marine biology. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
The Greater Peninsula Alumni Chapter Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time junior or senior. Preference is given to a resident of the Virginia Peninsula area. Recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 2.5 or higher cumulative GPA.
Hampton Roads Horticulture Society Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to juniors and seniors studying the environment. Recipients must be residents of the Hampton Roads region. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 2.5 or higher GPA.
J. Edwin Treakle Foundation Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time, incoming freshman from Gloucester or Mathews High Schools. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
James and Virginia Taylor Music Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time, incoming freshman from Gloucester or Mathews High Schools. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Jess and Marie Tipton Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time undergraduates. Recipients must participate in the President's Leadership Program. Preference shall be given to students interning with the Reiff Center for Human Rights and Conflict Resolution.
The Jones Family Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time undergraduates. Recipients must participate in the President's Leadership Program. Preference shall be given to students interning with the Reiff Center for Human Rights and Conflict Resolution.
Julius Conn Memorial Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time student who participates in school and community activities. Recipients of this award must be a graduate from a Newport News high school. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Kailey J. Gustine Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time undergraduate. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Kenneth W. Teets Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time students, with preference given to first-generation college students. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Knights of Columbus Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time incoming freshman who has graduated from Peninsula Catholic High School or from Newport News Public Schools and has demonstrated academic merit. Recipients must maintain a 2.0 or higher GPA.
L. Connell Burcher Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time student with preference to those from the Hampton Roads region. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA. This award is restricted and may only be applied toward tuition and fee charges.
Lance and Veronica A. Burns Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time undergraduate. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Lifelong Learning Society Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time undergraduate. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA. The recipient must attend at least one Lifelong Learning Society function during the academic year in which he or she receives the scholarship.
Louise Downs Haggard Memorial Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time undergraduate. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA. Preference is given to students pursuing a bachelor of arts in fine arts and art history with studio design concentration or a bachelor of science in business administration.
Lucille M. Epes and Hilda P. Buchanan Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to an incoming freshmen intending to major in business. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Margaret M. DesLauriers Memorial Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a sophomore, junior or senior. Recipients of this award must major within the College of Natural and Behavioral Sciences and be part of the pre-med or pre-health programs. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Mary and Maury O'Connell Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time, out-of-state student. Preference will be given to a student majoring in history or business. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 2.0 or higher GPA.
Regimbal Endowed Leadership Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to incoming, full-time freshmen attending the university. Preference shall be given to students from Virginia. Recipients must maintain a cumulative GPA of 3.0 or better and participate in the President's Leadership Program.
Richard Franklin Abbitt Memorial Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time student admitted to the Joseph W. Luter, III School of Business. In order to qualify, recipients must be a resident of Virginia and have demonstrated high academic performance. Preference is given to students who participate in the President’s Leadership Program.
Rona M. and Erwin B. Drucker Memorial Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time juniors or seniors who demonstrate leadership and public service. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA. This award is restricted and may only be applied toward tuition and fee charges.
The Schubert Family Leadership Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, incoming freshmen, with preference given to students from the Richmond area. The student must be in the President's Leadership Program. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Senior Class Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time, rising senior. In order to qualify, applicants must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA.
Sevi Suerdem Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time junior or senior participating in the President's Leadership Program. Applicants for this award must be majoring or concentrating in international business and/or environmental sciences. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Applicants must hold a cumulative 2.5 or higher GPA.
The Single Parent Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on financial need to full-time juniors or seniors who are single parents and working to support their dependent children. Preference is given to students who have earned at least 30 credit hours at Christopher Newport. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must maintain a 2.0 or above GPA.
Smail Family Annual and Endowed Scholarships
These scholarships are awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, rising juniors majoring in history. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Tom Fiscella Memorial Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time, undergraduates. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. This award is restricted and may only be applied toward tuition and fee charges.
TowneBank Leadership Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time students participating in the President’s Leadership Program. In order to qualify, recipients must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must be from the state of Virginia or North Carolina and must be pursuing a degree in accounting, finance, management, marketing or economics.
Union Bank and Trust Peninsula Endowed and Annual Scholarships
These scholarships are awarded to full-time freshmen who are graduates from public high schools in the cities of Hampton, Newport News, Poquoson and Williamsburg, and James City and York Counties). This award is restricted to the application of payment for tuition, fees, housing and books. In order to qualify, applicants must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA.
The Verlander Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to students who reside in Lancaster County, Virginia, with preference toward a student possessing leadership qualities and/or active in extracurricular activities aimed at the betterment of his or her community. Preference is given to students who demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 2.5 or higher GPA.
W. D. Scales Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time undergraduate participants in the Community Captains program. Recipients must maintain a 2.5 cumulative GPA.
York High Alumni Association Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time, incoming freshman with preference given to graduates of York High School. Recipients must maintain a 3.0 or higher GPA.
Back to top