URL: https://cnu.edu/financial-aid/veterans.html
TITLE: Veterans | Christopher Newport University

Veterans
There are several student aid programs for veterans and their dependents. All students seeking financial aid must complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Christopher Newport's school code is
003706
. Be prepared to provide information about you and your family's income and assets using federal tax returns and other income information.
Financial aid counselors are available to assist and educate service members on the application process and share information on available resources that can help with paying educational expenses.
Federal student loans are included in the financial aid package after completion of the FAFSA. Before borrowing, service members should be educated on the various student loan options and have a thorough understanding of the loan terms, conditions, and repayment and forgiveness options. Students have the ability to refuse all or borrow less than the loan amounts offered.
Application Processes
Undergraduate Students
Graduate Students
Special Circumstances
Veterans and the FAFSA
Veterans need to be aware of a few special circumstances when completing the FAFSA. These circumstances include the student aid treatment of veterans’ education benefits and the definition of a veteran for student aid purposes.
Veterans education benefits
are usually treated as resources, not income, for federal student aid purposes. There are, however, a few exceptions.
Combat pay and other untaxed income
can be a source of confusion on the FAFSA.
Veterans status for student aid purposes
is not necessarily the same as veteran status for VA purposes.
Federal and State Aid Programs
The Survivors' and
Dependents' Educational Assistance
(DEA)
This program offers education and training opportunities to eligible dependents of veterans who are permanently and totally disabled due to a service-related condition, or of veterans who died while on active duty or as a result of a service-related condition.
Virginia Military Survivors and Dependent Education Program
This program provides eligible students, as confirmed by the Virginia Department of Veterans Services, with waiver of all tuition and mandatory fees at a Virginia public college or university. In addition, as funds are available, eligible students may receive a stipend to offset other educational expenses, such as room and board.
Virginia Line of Duty Survivor Education Benefits
Students whose parent or spouse was disabled or killed in the line of duty while employed or serving as a public safety officer with the commonwealth of Virginia or one of its political subdivisions are entitled to waiver of undergraduate tuition and required fees at a Virginia public college or university under certain conditions.
Net Price Calculator
Scholarships
Council of College and Military Educators (CCME)
Army Emergency Relief
Army ROTC
Back to top