URL: https://cnu.edu/financial-aid/study-abroad.html
TITLE: Study Abroad | Christopher Newport University

Study Abroad
Funding Study Abroad
Your financial aid can be used toward any Christopher Newport-approved study abroad program. This includes grants, scholarships, loans and other forms of aid. In order to use financial aid, you will work closely with both the Office of Study Abroad and the Office of Financial Aid to determine your eligibility.
Because the cost of study abroad programs is frequently higher than the cost of attending Christopher Newport, our office can increase your cost of attendance to help make additional funds, especially loan funds, available. However, you may find that federal and state financial aid is insufficient to cover all of the costs associated with your semester abroad. You may wish to consider an alternative loan to help fill the gap between financial aid and your costs.
If you plan to study abroad over the summer, you have more than likely exhausted your federal and state financial aid for the academic year during the fall/spring semesters. Students participating in a summer abroad program may seek additional funds through the federal Parent PLUS and/or private education loan programs.
Steps to Funding My Study Abroad Experience
Contact the Office of Study Abroad and plan to attend an information session to learn more about program options and steps to apply for your program of choice.
File the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA), preferably before the March 1 priority deadline.
Submit a
study abroad scholarship application
to the Office of Financial Aid by the deadline. Students eligible for study abroad scholarship benefits through the President’s Leadership and/or Honors Programs must apply by the deadline for use of the study abroad scholarship.
If participating in an approved, non-Christopher-Newport-led program, submit a completed
financial aid request form
to the Office of Financial Aid. These forms are required before any financial aid (including scholarships) will be disbursed.
Research private funding sources to include private scholarships and/or private education loans.
Fall break, spring break and winter break programs are not eligible for scholarships, regardless of a student’s President’s Leadership or Honors Program status. You must be enrolled in approved, full-term study abroad programs to be eligible.
We recommend that you meet with the Office of Financial Aid to learn more about funding options to finance your program.
Financial Aid/Scholarship Disbursements
You are responsible for paying all charges with the study abroad institution or provider. Financial aid funds cannot be used to pay fees that are due prior to the start of the program.
All financial aid, including scholarships, will be disbursed to the student billing account just the same as if you were attending a regular semester at Christopher Newport.
Fall and spring semester program disbursements are made after the close of the Christopher Newport add/drop period, as published in the academic calendar. Summer program disbursements are made after the start date of the student’s study abroad program.
Any remaining credit balance will be refunded directly to you. You must ensure you have selected a refund preference with the Office of Student Accounts, before your study abroad travel. Refunds are processed through BankMobile Disbursements. For more information about BankMobile Disbursements, visit their website linked in the Learn More box on the left.
You are responsible for using your financial aid refund to pay any outstanding tuition and fees with the study abroad institution or provider and should consult with the Office of Study Abroad regarding program costs and payment deadlines.
Financing Study Abroad
Financial Aid Policy and Procedures
BankMobile Disbursements
Back to top