URL: https://cnu.edu/financial-aid/forms.html
TITLE: Important Forms | Christopher Newport University

Resources, Forms and Required Documents
Financial Aid Information
The
Department of Education
offers a wealth of knowledge on their website if you are interested in learning more about the different types of financial aid programs and how to apply.
Another great resource is
The Smart Student Guide to Financial Aid
.
Students and parents should become familiar with both of the above resources if planning to apply for financial aid.
Net Price Calculator
Completing the FAFSA
The
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
can be completed online.
In order to apply, students, parents and borrowers are required to use an
FSA ID
, made up of a username and password, to access certain U.S. Department of Education websites. Your FSA ID is used to confirm your identity when accessing your financial aid information and electronically signing your federal student aid documents. You can apply for your FSA ID online.
Federal Student Loans
Students who plan to accept a Federal Student Loan must complete Direct Loan Entrance Counseling and a Master Promissory Note (MPN). These steps must be completing by logging in to studentloans.gov with your student FSA ID. Once you have completed the steps above, the Department of Education will forward the record of completion to the Office of Financial Aid.
Parents who wish to borrow through the Federal Direct Parent PLUS Loan program will also log in to studentloans.gov to apply. Be sure to use your parent FSA ID when logging in and do not log in as your student.
Students can track the cumulative amount of their loans and guarantor information by visiting their account dashboard at
studentaid.gov
Forms
2025-2026 Verification Forms
*Please note, verification forms are only required by students if they have received a notification from the Office of Financial Aid. Students should not submit these documents without such request.
Dependent Student Asset Verification Form
Dependent Student Family Size Verification Worksheet
Dependent Student Non-Filing Worksheet
Parent Non-Filing Worksheet
Independent Student Family Size Verification Worksheet
Independent Student Asset Verification Form
Independent Student Non-Filing Verification Worksheet
2026-2027 Verification Forms
*Please note, verification forms are only required by students if they have received a notification from the Office of Financial Aid. Students should not submit these documents without such request.
Dependent Student Asset Verification Form
Dependent Student Family Size Verification Worksheet
Dependent Student Non-Filing Worksheet
Parent Non-Filing Worksheet
Independent Student Asset Verification Form
Independent Student Family Size Verification Worksheet
Independent Student Non-Filing Verification Worksheet
Loan Change Request Forms
Direct Loan Change Request Form
Parent PLUS Loan Change Request Form
Private Loan Change Request Form
Miscellaneous Forms
2025-26 Independent Student Special Circumstances Appeal
2025-26 Dependent Student Special Circumstances Appeal
2025-26 Request for Dependency Override
2026-27 Independent Student Special Circumstances Appeal
2026-27 Dependent Student Special Circumstances Appeal
2026-27 Request for Dependency Override
Two-Year College Transfer Grant Program Application
Authorization to Release Information to Third Party
Consortium Agreement Form
Satisfactory Academic Progress Appeal Form
Institutional Scholarship Consecutive Enrollment Appeal Form
Back to top