URL: https://cnu.edu/financial-aid/foundation-funded-scholarships.html
TITLE: Foundation-Funded PLP and Honors Replacement Scholarships | Christopher Newport University

Foundation-Funded PLP and Honors Replacement Scholarships
The following scholarships are used to fund the President’s Leadership Program (PLP) and the Honors Program. These scholarships are not an additional award to students in PLP or Honors program. These scholarships are prestigious and require the student to adhere to an additional set of criteria to maintain the award. Students who receive these awards may be asked to attend the annual scholarship luncheon in the spring with their donor.
For more information about joining these programs, please see the President’s Leadership Program and Honors Program admission criteria or contact the Office of Admission.
President’s Leadership Program
Alan Diamonstein Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time, incoming freshmen. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Alfred J. Tonene Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time, incoming freshman. Preference is given to residents of Virginia. Recipients must hold a cumulative 2.5 or higher GPA.
BayPort Credit Union Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time, incoming freshmen with a preference given to students from Hampton Roads high schools. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Beazley Foundation Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, incoming freshmen. Preference is given to students matriculating from high schools in the cities of Chesapeake, Norfolk, Portsmouth, Suffolk and Virginia Beach. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Belvin Ward Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time, incoming freshman. Recipients must major in business administration. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Bill and Tudie Saunders Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time, incoming freshman. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
C. Roger and Debra B. McLellon Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a student that excels in the fine and performing arts. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA.
Caleb and Virginia West Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time, incoming freshman. Preference will be given to a student who has performed community service during their junior and senior years in high school. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA.
Cassandra Hailey Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time student who is a Virginia resident. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Dominion Energy Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time undergraduates. Recipients of this award must be majoring in science, technology, engineering or math. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Dorothy C. Freeman Endowed Scholarship in the Fine and Visual Arts
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time, undergraduate majoring in art. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Doug and Pam Duncan Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, incoming freshman. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Dr. Gary G/ Hammer Endowed Scholarship in Chemistry
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time undergraduate student. Recipients of this award must be majoring in chemistry. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Dr. Rose M. Schneider Endowed Scholarship in the Sciences
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time, incoming freshman who intends to major in biology, chemistry or environmental science. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
E. David and Carolyn H. Blechman Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time incoming freshman with preference given to students choosing a career in health care. Recipients must be a resident of Hampton, Newport News, York County or Williamsburg. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Earl and Leone Hatten Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time students. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Edie L. and Lewis A. McMurran Jr. Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time undergraduates.
Elis Olsson Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, incoming freshmen. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Elizabeth J. Thompson Leadership Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time, incoming freshman.
Ellen McCoy Krause Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time students majoring in business. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA.
Eugene M. Levin and Betty N. Levin Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, incoming freshmen.
The GATS, Inc. Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time, incoming freshmen majoring in math, science, engineering or computer science. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Gay C. and James H.S. Rasmussen Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, incoming freshmen.
Gay C. and Lewis L. Howes Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, incoming freshmen. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Glave and Holmes Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on financial need. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA.
The Gray Family Annual and Endowed Scholarships
These scholarships are awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, incoming freshmen, with preference given to students matriculating from Virginia high schools in Isle of Wight, Petersburg, Waverly, Emporia, Franklin, Suffolk or James City County. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
H. Westcott Cunningham Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time, rising juniors or seniors with preference given to students majoring in English or business administration. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
The Healy Family Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time, incoming freshman. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Howard Clarke Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, undergraduates.
Howard E. and Elizabeth L. Wahrenbrock Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time, incoming freshman. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
J.B. Speegle Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time undergraduates. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
The Jacob Alexander Endowed Scholarship Fund
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time student. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
James F. Draper Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time, This scholarship is awarded to a full-time junior or senior. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
James I. Moore Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time students who have achieved junior level status. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Jane T. and H. deShields Henley Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time, incoming freshmen. Recipients of this award must be majoring in one of the following areas: biology, chemistry or environmental science. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
John A. Glasgow Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time, incoming freshman. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
John J. McQuade Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time, incoming freshman. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Joseph and Alice Healey Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time, incoming freshman. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Joseph Kaufman Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time, incoming freshman who intends to major in the sciences. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Lee F. Toney and Spurgeon P. Toney Jr. Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to an incoming freshman. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Lester L. Hudgins Jr. Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time, undergraduate. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Liberal Arts Learning Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time, undergraduates. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA.
Loraine and Louis Drucker Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, incoming freshmen from Hampton, Newport News, York County, or Williamsburg. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 2.5 or higher GPA.
Louis Morewitz Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time, incoming freshman with preference given to Peninsula residents who demonstrate an interest in working with children with special needs. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 2.75 or higher GPA.
M. Gardner and Ruby C. Smith Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time, undergraduate.
Marion J. Burgoyne Memorial Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to undergraduates with preference given to a student with an interest in literature or communication. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA.
Mary Alice Spear Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time student from the Hampton Roads region. Preference is given to students majoring in history or political science. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Meredith Webb and Catherine Moore Abbitt Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time, undergraduate.
Michael E. Hogge Annual and Endowed Scholarships
These scholarships are awarded to full-time, incoming freshmen. Recipients of this award must qualify for a merit award based on the University’s standards at the time of the award. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Mike and Nancy Petters Enowed Scholarship in Fine and Performing Arts
This scholarship is awarded to full-time, undergraduates who excel in the fine and performing arts.
Millar-Messick Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time, incoming freshman. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Newport News Rotary Club William Wyat Royall Memorial Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time, incoming freshman, with preference given to residents of Newport News. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA.
Old Point National Bank School of Business Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time, incoming freshmen intending to major in business. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Olga-Belle Akers Abbitt Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time incoming freshman.
Rebecca Kite Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, undergraduates. Preference is given to students who reside in Madison or Albemarle Counties, Virginia. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA.
Richard and Betty Mottilla School of Business Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, incoming freshmen who intend to major in business. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Robert and Dorothy Freeman Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time, undergraduates. Recipients of this award must be majoring in the fine and performing arts.
Robert "Bobby" Lawson Annual Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, undergraduates.
Ryan C. Viers Endowed Scholarship in Computer Science
This scholarship is awarded to a student majoring in computer science. Recipients of this award must be a full-time, incoming freshman. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Samuel M. Althaus Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, incoming freshman. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Sysco Hampton Roads Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time students. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
The Taylor Foundation Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time, incoming freshman. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Thomas N. Downing Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to student who has graduated from a high school in one of the following counties: Accomack, King, George, Westmoreland, Richmond, Lancaster, Northumberland, Essex, King and Queen, King William, New Kent, Charles City, Northampton, Matthews, Middlesex, Gloucester, James City and York, or in the cities of Hampton, Newport News, Virginia Beach or Williamsburg. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Tom and Ivy Mitchell Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to full-time students majoring in the performing arts. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA.
Vivian C. Jones Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to full-time, incoming freshmen.
The Warwick Lions Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to students majoring in one of the following areas: education, social work, government and public affairs, pre-health, or business administration. In order to qualify, students must demonstrate financial need as determined through the FAFSA. Recipients must hold a cumulative 2.8 or higher GPA.
Wells Fargo Foundation Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded to a full-time, incoming freshman. Recipients must hold a cumulative 3.0 or higher GPA.
Honors Program
Karl Beamer Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time, incoming freshman who demonstrates excellence in the commitment to study natural or mathematical sciences, and who is in the Honors Program.
Wallace P. Greene Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship is awarded based on academic achievement to a full-time, undergraduate in the Honors Program.
Back to top