URL: https://cnu.edu/financial-aid/private-scholarships.html
TITLE: Private Scholarships | Christopher Newport University

Private Scholarships
Finding private scholarships and applying for them can be time consuming, but the rewards can be great. Scholarships help reduce your need to accept student loans or to work part-time in order to pay educational costs. If you receive a scholarship, stay in contact with the funding agency. Let them know how much you appreciate their support and re-apply each year.
Copies of private scholarships and/or grant award letters should be sent to the Office of Financial Aid
. The scholarship amounts will be reflected as a part of the financial aid package, and will be applied against financial need, if applicable.
Unless otherwise indicated by the scholarship agency, funds will be split equally between the fall and spring semesters. If funds are not expected until after the bill due date, a copy of the letter will allow you to deduct the scholarship from your bill. Please email a copy of the award letter to the Office of Financial Aid at
finaid@cnu.edu
or fax it to (757) 594-7113.
Checks for private scholarships should be mailed to the Cashier’s Office
.
Mailing Address:
Christopher Newport University
Attn: Office of Cash Services
1 Avenue of the Arts
Newport News, Virginia 23606
Please be sure the letter and check payment include your name and CNU ID number.
Opportunities at CNU
The following private donor-funded scholarships require students to complete and submit a scholarship application to the Office of Financial Aid.
The Smithfield Foundation Scholarship
The Smithfield Foundation Scholarship is available to full-time students of Christopher Newport University who are dependent children of full-time or retired employees of Smithfield Foods, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries and who demonstrate financial need as determined by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Priority consideration will be given to students who pursue a course of study in environmental studies or agricultural issues.
To apply, students will need to submit the
Smithfield Foundation Scholarship Application
to the Office of Financial Aid.
Additional Resources
NOTE:
The resources provided are not sponsored by CNU. Questions regarding the scholarships should be directed to the agency associated with the scholarship of interest.
Opportunities
through the CNU Education Foundation
The CNU Education Foundation (CNUEF) awards the Lettie Pate Whitehead Scholarship to students with demonstrated financial need as determined by the FAFSA. Selected recipients must major in biology, chemistry, kinesiology, neuroscience, and/or psychology. Students may reach out to
scholarships@cnufoundations.org
with questions about this scholarship.
Back to top