URL: https://cnu.edu/tuition/instate/index.html
TITLE: Eligibility for In-State Tuition - Christopher Newport University

Eligibility for In-State Tuition
All students claiming entitlement to in-state educational privileges, including in-state tuition rates, must demonstrate eligibility in accordance with the provisions of Section 23 - 7.4 of the Code of Virginia.
Applicants for admission who believe they qualify for in-state educational privileges must complete the residency section of the online application for admission.
Completed applications must be received prior to the first day of the term. Applications received on or after the first day of the term will be considered for the subsequent term.
Freshman applicants should direct questions to the Office of Admission. Transfer, re-admit and nondegree applicants should direct questions to The Transfer Center, and graduate applicants should direct questions to the Office of Graduate Studies.
Continuing students who believe that changes subsequent to their initial enrollment justify a reclassification of domiciliary status may complete the Application for Virginia In-State Tuition Rate form and return it to The Transfer Center.
Application for In-State Tuition
Accessible Application for In-State Tuition
Process
chevron down
Upon receipt in the Office of Admission, The Transfer Center, or the Office of Graduate Studies, a staff member will review each Application for Virginia In-State Tuition Rates form for an initial determination. If the staff member disagrees with the student’s own determination for in-state privileges, we will contact you immediately.
Appeal Process
chevron down
Students who disagree with the original residency decision may request an immediate appeal in writing; however, it must be submitted within 10 working days of notification of the initial determination.
A panel of three university officials will review the appeal. Students are welcome to forward any supporting documentation (e.g., income tax returns). The panel will respond to appeals within five working days.
Students who still disagree may request a final appeal. This appeal must be made in writing, within 10 working days of the first appeal decision. Another panel of university officials will then convene to consider the appeal.
A written notification of the panel’s decision will be sent to the student by U.S. registered mail within five days of the hearing. Should the student disagree with the final determination, he or she then has 30 days to take this matter to Circuit Court.
In-State or Reduced Tuition Provisions
chevron down
The Code of Virginia provides several different provisions for in-state and redacted tuition rates other than domiciliary residence or the deemed as Virginia provision. A summary of these provisions can be found at the link below. It is the student's responsibility to timely notify the institution of eligibility under one of these provisions and to provide supporting evidence.
Summary of In-State or Reduced Tuition Provisions
external link icon
Tuition Equity Provision
According to the Code of Virginia, students who attended high school for at least two years in the commonwealth and either graduated from a Virginia high school or passed a high school equivalency examination in Virginia may be eligible for in-state tuition, regardless of citizenship or immigration status, through the Virginia Tuition Equity Provision. Certain visa categories are exempt.
Code of Virginia 23.1-506 A10 Tuition Equity Provision
Tuition Equity Provision Frequently Asked Questions
New Incoming Freshman: Tuition Equity Provision Application
New Graduate Students: Tuition Equity Provision Application
Current CNU Student/New Transfer Student: Tuition Equity Provision Application
For questions regarding in-state tuition under the Tuition Equity Provision, please contact the appropriate office listed on the right.
Limitation on Eligibility for In-State Tuition: 125 Percent Progress toward Degree
chevron down
Beginning in 2006, Virginia enacted legislation to place a limitation on students’ eligibility for in-state tuition.
Upon completion of 125 percent of the credit hours required to obtain a degree in the student’s program, the student may be assessed a surcharge which is equivalent to the cost of tuition at the out-of-state rate. Please note that certain courses and credit hours may be excluded from the 125 percent calculation.
Undergraduate students who have or will have earned 145 or more credit hours should contact the Office of the Registrar for more information. Impacted students may appeal to the Office of the Registrar for a waiver as provided by the Code of Virginia, Section 16.