URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/academics/majors-and-minors/marketing
TITLE: BS in Marketing | Gies College of Business | UIUC

Marketing
LEARN HOW TO APPLY
|
PLAN A VISIT
Marketing is a dynamic, ever-evolving field focused on solving real business problems, whether it is understanding customer needs, launching new products, or driving growth through strategy and innovation.
Whether you are creative, analytical, or a bit of both, marketing offers a wide range of career paths across every industry. At Gies Business, you will build the skills to lead, adapt, and make an impact wherever your career takes you.
Prepare for careers across industry
Because marketing overlaps with many other areas in business, it’s a great way to explore your passions and gain broad business knowledge. And our marketing program goes beyond the classroom, offering opportunities to network with industry professionals and solve business problems for real-world clients.
A marketing degree from Gies Business can set you up for success in:
Brand management
Digital and social media
Market and consumer research
Communications
Revenue management
International business
Consulting – and more
See Office of Career & Professional Development
95%
Successful Undergraduate Career Outcomes
$71,793
Average Starting Salary
Take advantage of unique opportunities
At Gies Business, you’ll have plenty of time to explore your interests and passions before you declare a major. As a student here, you can also:
Celebrate declaring your major at
Signing Day
Make friends and help your community in
30+ student organizations
Conceptualize, design, and manufacture new products
in
MakerLab
Gain confidence working on projects for real-world clients
Learn from industry experts
Gies Business faculty members  have decades of practical experience that they bring to the classroom.
They’ll help you develop a solid foundation of business knowledge before you delve deep into topics like digital marketing, logistics, product development, pricing tactics, brand strategy, and more.
And you won't just be learning these concepts in theory. You'll also have ample opportunities to practice analyzing and solving business problems in real-world client projects, supplying you with direct work experience you can add to your résumé.
Expand these menu options to learn more about the classes you’ll take. Talk to an
admissions representative
if you have questions about required courses, degree requirements, or scheduling.
Business Core Courses
Every student at Gies Business takes a “core” set of courses. The topics are broad, but they’re designed to equip you with skills and knowledge you’ll need to excel in the rest of your business education, regardless of the major you choose. Business core courses give you a chance to explore and sample new topics.
See Business Core course requirements
Marketing Major Requirements
As a marketing major, you’ll be required to take a certain number of credit hours marketing-specific courses. These courses deliver relevant knowledge for all marketing careers.
See Marketing major requirements
Marketing Major Electives
Marketing elective courses are where you get to make your degree your own and prioritize coursework based on your own academic and career goals. Topics include brand management, social media strategy, marketing communications, international marketing, and more.
See Marketing elective courses
The courses are for the current year course catalog. All current Gies Business students should refer to their catalog year.
Lead in a AI-driven world
Marketing majors will use AI tools to enhance content creation by generating ideas, optimizing messages, and tailoring materials for specific audiences. They’ll also apply AI for industry and competitor analysis to identify trends and insights, and in strategic marketing to make data-driven decisions and develop more effective marketing plans.
A business school where you can be yourself
At Gies Business, you won’t just be a student – you’ll be a valued member of our supportive community. We’ll provide a learning experience to help you explore and realize your purpose. All you have to do is take the first step.