URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/academics/majors-and-minors/management
TITLE: BS in Management | Gies College of Business | UIUC

Management
LEARN HOW TO APPLY
|
PLAN A VISIT
Whether it’s motivating teams, planning projects, or making the hard decisions no one else can make, managers have a tremendous impact in people’s lives.
Through highly relevant curriculum and innovative hands-on learning experiences, the management major at Gies Business prepares you to lead teams, design and manage organizations, negotiate contracts, and hire employees strategically.
Prepare to lead with purpose
When you major in management, you learn to plan effectively, resolve conflicts, and inspire others. These skills set you up for
managerial positions in the service sector and across industries.
Gies Business management graduates have been employed in the food industry, technology, finance, retail, healthcare, and more. Common roles include titles such as:
Project manager
Account manager or administrator
Human resource professional
Operations analyst
Consultant
See Office of Career & Professional Development
96%
Successful Undergraduate Career Outcomes
$68,475
Average Starting Salary
Take advantage of unique opportunities
At Gies Business, you’ll have plenty of time to explore your interests and passions before you declare a major. As a student here, you can also:
Celebrate declaring your major at
Signing Day
Make friends and build a network in
30+ student organizations
Pursue personal development in dedicated business core classes
Gain confidence working on consulting projects for real-world clients
Learn from industry experts
Gies Business faculty members  bring decades of practical experience into the classroom. While you learn about the common managerial problems that organizations face, you'll also be receiving expert insights about how to solve them. You'll explore what effective collaboration and strategic decision-making really look like in a modern business landscape.
But you won't just be learning these concepts in theory –  you'll also get ample opportunities to put that knowledge into practice through hands-on learning experiences with real-world clients.
Expand these menu options to learn more about the classes you’ll take.
Talk to an
admissions representative
if you have questions about required courses, degree requirements, or scheduling.
Business Core Courses
Every student at Gies Business takes a “core” set of courses. The topics are broad, but they’re designed to equip you with skills and knowledge you’ll need to excel in the rest of your business education, regardless of the major you choose. Business core courses give you a chance to explore and sample new topics.
See Business Core course requirements
Management Major Requirements
You’ll take upper-level courses that focus on the fundamentals of good management: how to inventory your resources and best put them to use. These courses prepare you for leading teams, managing organizations, and negotiating business agreements.
See Management major requirements
Management Major Electives
With elective courses, you can drill down into more niche management concepts and choose topics that feel most relevant to you. With course topics in project management, new product development, international business, corporate and commercial law, IT systems, operations and logistics, ethics in business, entrepreneurship and more, there are plenty of ways to expand your expertise as a manager.
See Management elective courses
The courses are for the current year course catalog. All current Gies Business students should refer to their catalog year.
Lead in a AI-driven world
Students in the Management major develop the leadership skills to thrive in an AI future. They learn how automation and AI are transforming the work of managing employees and designing organizations and how AI tools can advance management initiatives. Graduates' knowledge of people, organizations, and AI tools equips them to lead agile teams, adapt to technological change, and create value in a rapidly evolving business landscape.
A business school where you can be yourself
At Gies Business, you won’t just be a student – you’ll be a valued member of our supportive community. We’ll provide a learning experience to help you explore and realize your purpose. All you have to do is take the first step.
Broaden your experience
Students benefit from a wealth of opportunities to study abroad. At Gies, you can choose from programs that last a few weeks, a summer, or a semester. Open a window to the world, and open doors for your future.
LEARN MORE