URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/academics/majors-and-minors/information-systems
TITLE: Bachelor's in Information Systems | Gies College of Business

Information Systems
LEARN HOW TO APPLY
|
PLAN A VISIT
The information systems program focuses on the integration of technology, business processes, and people to manage and transform data into valuable information for decision-making, essentially bridging the gap between computer science and business operations. You will take both technology and business courses to equip you with the required skill-set to design, develop, and deploy computer and software-based solutions in order to help businesses attain their tactical and strategic objectives.
Additionally, the information systems program holds STEM designation. STEM-designated degree programs distinguish candidates with interdisciplinary technical and analytical skills, business acumen for solving complex business challenges, and bold expertise for navigating unknowns in the future of business.
Become a leader of the digital era
Our STEM-designated information systems major introduces you to cutting-edge technologies and helps you prepare for technical careers, managerial roles, and entrepreneurial ventures. This major is a great complement to finance or accountancy for learners interested in pursuing careers in finance tech.
The information systems major is a great foundation for careers in:
User Experience (UX) design
Big data management
Cyber risk analysis and consulting
Technology development
Management consulting
Investment banking
Finance technology
See Office of Career & Professional Development
95%
Successful Undergraduate Career Outcomes
$82,462
Average Starting Salary
Take advantage of unique opportunities
At Gies Business, you’ll have plenty of time to explore your interests and passions before you declare a major. As a student here, you can also:
Celebrate declaring your major at
Signing Day
Make friends and build a network in
30+ student organizations
Explore case studies in data science at
Deloitte Foundation Center for Business Analytics
Gain confidence working on consulting projects for real-world clients
Learn from industry experts
As you explore various aspects of business, you’ll be learning from faculty members who bring decades of practical experience into the classroom.
You’ll learn how information systems affect business performance, enabling you to analyze and solve problems related to the implementation of those systems.
Through hands-on learning experiences, you'll also learn to communicate effectively with people impacted by information technology, whether they're in technical or non-technical roles.
Expand these menu options to learn more about the classes you’ll take.
Talk to an
admissions representative
if you have questions about required courses, degree requirements, or scheduling.
Business Core Courses
Every student at Gies Business takes a “core” set of courses. The topics are broad, but they’re designed to equip you with skills and knowledge you’ll need to excel in the rest of your business education, regardless of the major you choose. Business core courses give you a chance to explore and sample new topics.
See Business Core course requirements
Information Systems Major Requirements
These courses give you foundational knowledge about information systems. You’ll learn how to organize, design, and manage databases that can help organizations make important decisions.
See Information Systems major requirements
Information Systems Major Electives
These courses give you opportunities to gain hands-on experience with growing technologies, analytical tools, and big data platforms. In additional courses in data analytics, cyber security, project management, human-computer interaction, programming, and social media applications, you can explore modern challenges and solutions for keeping business data safe.
See Information Systems elective courses
The courses are for the current year course catalog. All current Gies Business students should refer to their catalog year.
A business school where you can be yourself
At Gies Business, you won’t just be a student – you’ll be a valued member of our supportive community. We’ll provide a learning experience to help you explore and realize your purpose. All you have to do is take the first step.