URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/academics/majors-and-minors/supply-chain-management
TITLE: BS in Supply Chain Management | Gies College of Business

Supply Chain Management
LEARN HOW TO APPLY
|
PLAN A VISIT
Supply chain professionals manage the movement of material, information, and finances between supply chain partners, which include suppliers, manufacturers, distributors, retailers, and consumers. They are also responsible for developing and maintaining relationships with these partners to ensure that the supply chain can efficiently satisfy all customers’ needs.
As a STEM-designated degree program, the supply chain management major distinguishes candidates with interdisciplinary technical and analytical skills, business acumen for solving complex business challenges, and bold expertise for navigating the unknowns in the future of business.
Build excellent career prospects
Our supply chain management major prepares students to develop creative solutions, convert data into actionable decisions, and manage the impact of those decisions. Past graduates have been employed with Fortune 500 companies such as Boeing, PepsiCo, Toyota, Walmart, Abbott Laboratories, Caterpillar, Bain & Company, and more.
The Gies Business supply chain management degree is a great match for careers in:
Supply chain analysis
Procurement and supply source development
Inventory management and strategy
Supply/demand analysis
Distribution strategy
Supply chain consulting
See Office of Career & Professional Development
97%
Successful Undergraduate Career Outcomes
$76,694
Average Starting Salary
Take advantage of unique opportunities
At Gies Business, you’ll have plenty of time to explore your interests and passions before you declare a major. As a supply chain management student here, you can also:
Celebrate declaring your major at
Signing Day
Make friends and build a network in
30+ student organizations
Develop your professional skills in workshops, case competitions, and internships
Gain confidence working on consulting projects for real-world clients
Connect with potential employers through the
Supply Chain Management Corporate Affiliates Program
Hands-on learning with expert faculty
Our faculty bring decades of industry experience into the classroom. But you won't just be learning theories – you'll get opportunities to put what you learn
into practice and develop an impressive résumé in supply chain experience.
Through internships, practicum courses, case competitions, workshops, seminars, and more, you'll gain advanced knowledge and practical experience evaluating and solving supply chain problems, helping producers meet market demand, and contribute to the stabilization of global economies.
Expand these menu options to learn more about the classes you’ll take. Talk to an
admissions representative
if you have questions about required courses, degree requirements, or scheduling.
Business Core Courses
Business Core Courses
Every student at Gies Business takes a “core” set of courses. The topics are broad, but they’re designed to equip you with skills and knowledge you’ll need to excel in the rest of your business education, regardless of the major you choose. Business core courses give you a chance to explore and sample new topics.
See Business Core course requirements
Supply Chain Management Requirements
You’ll explore the critical elements of supply chains to understand how they impact each another and other business functions. You’ll also learn how supply chains contribute to the overall health of global economies.
See Supply Chain Management major requirements
Supply Chain Management Electives
Choose from a wide category of specialized topics, such as consumer behavior, decision modeling, product development, and more, to complement your understanding of supply chains.
See Supply Chain Management elective courses
The courses are for the current year course catalog. All current Gies Business students should refer to their catalog year.
Eligibility requirements
Our supply chain management program currently requires an additional application process.
Applicants must be current Gies Business students at a freshman, sophomore or junior standing and have a minimum 3.25 GPA.
The application window is open every spring and fall semester. Current students can apply via
Gies Groups
.
Learn more ›
Connect with industry professionals
Our Supply Chain Management Corporate Affiliates Program (CAP) is a consortium of major corporations that advise on supply chain curriculum, participate in extracurricular activities, and sponsor capstone projects for supply chain students. This program enhances the relevancy of your coursework and gives you opportunities to network and engage with professionals working on supply chain issues.
Lead in a AI-driven world
Students in the Supply Chain Management program gain hands-on experience using artificial intelligence to solve real-world supply chain and analytics challenges. Through courses such as Business Analytics II,  Logistics Management, Practicum in Supply Chain Management, they learn how AI enhances data analysis, decision-making, and process optimization across areas like warehousing, yield management, purchasing, demand planning, inventory, and transportation management.
A business school where you can be yourself
At Gies Business, you won’t just be a student – you’ll be a valued member of our supportive community. We’ll provide a learning experience to help you explore and realize your purpose. All you have to do is take the first step.