URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/academics/majors-and-minors/business-data-science
TITLE: BS in Business + Data Science | Gies College of Business

Business + Data Science
LEARN HOW TO APPLY
|
PLAN A VISIT
In today’s technology-driven world, the ability to turn facts and figures into actionable strategies will set you apart as both a job candidate and thought leader in your field.
Our STEM-designated
Business + Data Science
program will distinguish you with interdisciplinary technical and mathematical skills, business acumen for solving complex business challenges, and bold expertise for navigating unknowns in the future of business.
Grow your leadership potential
In the Business + Data Science program at Gies Business, you won't just learn how to gather and analyze data. You'll gain confidence using that data to build effective strategies and make impactful decisions in real-world client projects.
As a STEM-designated degree program, t
he
Business + Data Science major sets you apart as a job candidate and is an excellent foundation for a wide range of careers. With four different specialization tracks, you'll be able customize your degree to meet your specific goals.
Take advantage of unique opportunities
At Gies Business, you’ll have plenty of time to explore your interests and passions before you declare a major.
As a student here, you can also:
Celebrate declaring your major at
Signing Day
Make friends and help your community in
30+ student organizations
Gain confidence working on projects for real-world clients
Learn from industry experts
Gies Business faculty members are experts in their fields and share decades of practical industry experience. While you're in class with our world-class faculty, you'll
develop skills in data visualization, decision-making, coding, and computer programming, and you’ll learn broadly about business functions so you can better understand how to interpret data about them.
As a Business + Data Science major, you also get to specialize in one of four areas:
Information Systems
International Business
Management
Operations Management
Expand these menu options to learn more about the classes you’ll take. Please
talk to an admissions representative
if you have questions about required courses, degree requirements, or scheduling.
Business Core Courses
Every student at Gies Business takes a “core” set of courses. The topics are broad, but they’re designed to equip you with skills and knowledge you’ll need to excel in the rest of your business education, regardless of the major you choose. Business core courses give you a chance to explore and sample new topics.
See Business Core course requirements
Data Science Core Courses
Students who participate in “+ Data Science” majors at Illinois are required to take courses that provide a solid foundation of data science knowledge. These courses are designed to complement a wide range of disciplines in and out of business, and they’ll prepare you to analyze and interpret data in many different contexts. Here are a few examples of courses that can be applied toward that requirement:
See Data Science course requirements
Major Electives
As a Business + Data Science student, you get a unique opportunity to customize your degree with a specialization in one of four areas: Information Systems, International Business, Management, or Operations Management. Each specialization requires you to take a dedicated set of courses that will deepen your expertise in your chosen area.
See course options for Business + Data Science specializations
Areas of Specialization
In the
Information Systems
track, you’ll learn to design and implement innovative, data-driven technologies that help businesses collect, organize, and leverage information—equipping you for impactful careers at the intersection of data, technology, and strategy.
In the
International Business
track, you’ll learn about global business opportunities and challenges, helping you see how data issues impact business around the world.
In the
Management
track, you’ll build your leadership skills, which can help you bring your data science knowledge to teams
In the
Operations Management
track, you’ll explore how data analytics can impact decision-making in processes like quality control, supply chain management, and more.
The courses are for the current year course catalog. All current Gies Business students should refer to their catalog year.
Lead in a AI-driven world
The Business+DS program positions students to leverage machine learning and analytics in strategic business contexts. Students will learn about building practical capabilities in implementing AI-driven solutions as well learn to translate technical and business domain knowledge into data-driven business value. With foundations spanning statistics, programming, and database systems, undergraduates will emerge equipped to work at the intersection of business strategy and AI technologies and prepared to identify opportunities where data science can create competitive advantage.
A business school where you can be yourself
At Gies Business, you won’t just be a student – you’ll be a valued member of our supportive community. We’ll provide a learning experience to help you explore and realize your purpose. All you have to do is take the first step.