URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/academics/undergraduate-minors/business-minor
TITLE: Business Minor For Non-Business Majors| Gies College of Business

Business Minor
Home
/
Academics
/
Undergraduate Minors
/
Business Minor (For Non-Business Majors)
Undergraduate Minors
Business Analytics Minor
International Business Minor
The Hoeft Technology and Management Program
Business Minor (For Non-Business Majors)
Elevate your degree with business expertise
Want to make a big impact in art, science, agriculture, or medicine? Learn how to turn ideas into action by stepping into a business mindset.
Strong business expertise signals to future employers that you understand how companies operate and know how to innovate despite modern business challenges. With a business minor from a top business school, you’ll be prepared to navigate future work and life challenges and stand out in the job market.
Have a question about the business minor?
Chat Now
Eligibility
Any Illinois student who has earned 30 credit hours can declare a business minor. To do so, you must complete a
minor declaration form
.
The business minor is available only to students who are not currently enrolled in a major hosted by Gies Business. If you are a current Gies Business student, check out one of these minor programs:
International Business minor
Business Analytics minor
Hoeft Technology and Management Program
Minor Declaration Form
Complete
this form
to declare your business minor.
Coursework
In the business minor, you will complete four required online core courses and choose a minimum of two additional electives. This broad exposure to the innovative curriculum at Gies Business will help you develop a strong foundation and prepare you to bring a business mindset to your future career.
View Course Requirements
Get on the fast track to graduate school
The
simplified application process
for a master's degree at Gies Business is available for all on-campus students and alumni. No matter your background, a quality business education will put your career on the fast-track.
Learn More
Where to learn more
Click on an option below to see where you can connect with Gies Business advisors to learn more about the business minor.
Business Minor Informational Workshops
Each workshop will be followed by a Q&A session. Registration for these workshops will open on 1/20/2026 at 8:30 am and will remain open until 1:00 PM on the day of each workshop. Registration is required to receive the Zoom invite information. On these days there will NOT be in-person or virtual advising appointments!
All workshops will begin at 1:30 PM CT. Multiple sessions available per semester:
Thursday February 19, 2026
Thursday, March 12, 2026
Thursday, April 9, 2026
Thursday, April 30, 2026
Business Minor 1:1 Advising
Talk with an academic advisor about whether a business minor is right for you. Appointments available each Thursday while classes are in session, either in person or virtually.
Schedule an appointment
Drop-in Express Advising
Drop by the Illini Union Bookstore building for an express advising session with Gies Business staff. Sessions are held in person, while classes are in session, on Tuesdays from 2:00 to 4:00 pm starting January 27, 2026. Head to the 5th floor and check in at the Exploratory Studies front desk.
For any questions, email the business minor team at
busminor@business.illinois.edu
.
Business Minor FAQs
Who do I contact with questions about the business minor?
Email us at
busminor@business.illinois.edu
Should I register for online or in-person course sections?
Students must enroll in online sections of the core business minor courses (ACCY 200, BADM 310, BADM 320 and FIN 221). If there is an in-person section only offered for any of the approved electives then Business minors are welcome to take the in-person section. Utilizing online platforms expands the enrollment capacities of business minor courses, but enrollment capacity is not unlimited and is subject to change.
I am a current undergraduate student. Can I pursue the business minor?
If you are an undergraduate student at Illinois with at least 30 earned credit hours and not currently enrolled in any Gies Business major programs, you may declare a business minor. You must complete a
minor declaration form
to add a business minor.
If you are a Gies Business student, you are not eligible for the business minor, but you can enroll in one of the College’s other minor programs.
Are there prerequisites for enrolling in business minor courses?
The FIN 221 is a required course for the business minor. Before enrolling in FIN 221, you must be able to prove successful completion of
ECON 102
or
ECON 103
, or an equivalent off-campus transfer course.
Select business minor elective courses have
BADM 310
or
BADM 320
as prerequisites. Check with your advisor to see if you should complete any of these courses before declaring a business minor.
Discover more about the Gies Business Minor
Explore program requirements, courses, and opportunities within the business minor. Get quick answers and guidance tailored to your next steps.
Chat Now