URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/academics/majors-and-minors/finance-data-science
TITLE: BS in Finance + Data Science | Gies College of Business

Finance + Data Science
LEARN HOW TO APPLY
|
PLAN A VISIT
Gaining personal and corporate finance knowledge can change the way you view the world and open many doors for your career. Combine that with expertise in data science, and you’ll have a skill set that can help you make sound financial decisions for the rest of your life.
Additionally, the finance + data science program holds STEM designation. STEM designated degree programs distinguish candidates with interdisciplinary technical and mathematical skills, business acumen for solving complex business challenges and bold expertise for navigating unknowns in the future of business.
Future-proof your career
Supplementing your finance background with data science skills will open doors to opportunities for analytical roles within the finance industry
–
and give you marketable data skills you can use in other contexts.
The
Finance + Data Science degree
is a good fit for careers in:
Corporate banking
Risk management
Data governance
Private equity fund management
100%
Successful Undergraduate Career Outcomes
$92,923
Average Starting Salary
Take advantage of unique opportunities
Your undergraduate experience is the best time for you to explore your interests and passions. As a student at Gies Business, you won’t officially declare a major until your sophomore year.
If you decide to major in Finance + Data Science, here’s a sampling of what you can do:
Celebrate declaring your major at
Signing Day
Make friends and help your community in
30+ student organizations
Experiment with software, data, and tools
used by leading finance organizations
Gain confidence working on projects for real-world clients
Learn from top experts
Throughout your time at Gies Business, you’ll work with expert faculty members with decades of experience in industry and the classroom.
From them, you’ll learn foundational concepts in business and data science, with a particular focus in finance.
Expand these menu options to learn more about the classes you’ll take. Please
talk to an admissions representative
if you have questions about required courses, degree requirements, or scheduling.
Business Core Courses
Every student at Gies Business takes a “core” set of courses. The topics are broad, but they’re designed to equip you with skills and knowledge you’ll need to excel in the rest of your business education, regardless of the major you choose. Business core courses give you a chance to explore and sample new topics.
See Business Core course requirements
Data Science Requirements
Students who participate in “+ Data Science” majors at Illinois are required to take courses that provide a solid foundation of data science knowledge. These courses are designed to complement a wide range of disciplines in and out of business, and they’ll prepare you to analyze and interpret data in many different contexts.
See Data Science course requirements
Finance Requirements
In your finance courses, you’ll learn the direct, practical applications of your business and data science knowledge. You’ll get to take a mix of required and elective finance courses.
See Finance course requirements
The courses are for the current year course catalog. All current Gies Business students should refer to their catalog year.
A business school where you can be yourself
At Gies Business, you won’t just be a student – you’ll be a valued member of our supportive community. We’ll provide a learning experience to help you explore and realize your purpose. All you have to do is take the first step.