URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/academics/majors-and-minors/operations-management
TITLE: BS in Operations Management | Gies College of Business

Operations Management
LEARN HOW TO APPLY
|
PLAN A VISIT
Careers in operations management are a great fit for natural optimizers, process-oriented thinkers, and people who like to see how the gears turn. These careers make a huge impact for organizations by allocating available resources strategically to keeping systems working smoothly.
Build excellent career prospects
Equipped with a solid understanding of how the enterprise works together to create and distribute products and services, you can start meaningful careers in business, healthcare, government, technology, and more.
The operations management major is a great match for career goals in:
manufacturing and service management
operations strategy consulting
purchasing and supply management
project management
quality management
See Office of Career & Professional Development
100%
Successful Undergraduate Career Outcomes
$72,558
Average Starting Salary
Take advantage of unique opportunities
At Gies Business, you’ll have plenty of time to explore your interests and passions before you declare a major. As a student here, you can also:
Celebrate declaring your major at
Signing Day
Make friends and build a network in
30+ student organizations
Pursue personal development in dedicated business core classes
Gain confidence working on consulting projects for real-world clients
Learn from industry experts
Gies Business faculty members are leading experts with a variety of industry experience they bring into the classroom.
As you learn about different types of business models and explore process management strategies, they will provide insights
that will help you
improve processes,
plan effectively, manage risks, and measure business results.
And you won't just be learning these concepts in theory. You'll also have ample opportunities to practice analyzing and solving business problems in real-world client projects, supplying you with direct work experience you can add to your résumé.
Expand these menu options to learn more about the classes you’ll take. Talk to an
admissions representative
if you have questions about required courses, degree requirements, or scheduling.
Business Core Courses
Every student at Gies Business takes a “core” set of courses. The topics are broad, but they’re designed to equip you with skills and knowledge you’ll need to excel in the rest of your business education, regardless of the major you choose. Business core courses give you a chance to explore and sample new topics.
See Business Core course requirements
Operations Management Major Requirements
You’ll explore all the critical functions of a business to learn how various elements impact each other and how you can apply strategy to improve their overall effectiveness.
See Operations Management major requirements
Operations Management Electives
Drill down into more specialized topics – like supply chain principles, assembling and visualizing business data, or personnel management – based on your interests.
See Operations Management elective courses
The courses are for the current year course catalog. All current Gies Business students should refer to their catalog year.
A business school where you can be yourself
At Gies Business, you won’t just be a student – you’ll be a valued member of our supportive community. We’ll provide a learning experience to help you explore and realize your purpose. All you have to do is take the first step.