URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/academics/majors-and-minors/finance
TITLE: BS in Finance | Gies College of Business Bachelor's in Finance

Finance
LEARN HOW TO APPLY
|
PLAN A VISIT
If you’ve ever wanted to improve your money management skills or help others gain financial literacy, a degree in finance can help you make a big impact.
As a finance professional, you can help companies make sound business decisions, help government leaders shape consumer protection policies, and help regular people save for their future.
Stand out to employers
A degree in finance from Gies Business signals to employers that you know how to analyze and manage financial information to make sound business decisions.
Your finance degree is a great fit for future careers in banking, insurance, venture capital, and private equity – but it won’t keep you from exploring other careers if you want.
Companies that have hired our finance graduates include:
Wells Fargo
Goldman Sachs
JPMorgan Chase
See Office of Career & Professional Development
97%
Successful Undergraduate Career Outcomes
$86,743
Average Starting Salary
Take advantage of unique opportunities
Your undergraduate experience is the best time for you to explore your interests and passions. As a student at Gies Business, you won’t officially declare a major until your sophomore year.
As a student at Gies Business, you can also:
Celebrate declaring your major at
Signing Day
Make friends and help your community in
30+ student organizations
Gain confidence working on projects for real-world clients
Gain real-world experience
Kick off your career with practical skills in your personal toolkit. As a finance student at Gies Business, you can experiment with software, data, and tools used by leading finance organizations at the
Margolis Market Information Lab
.
Learn from top experts
Throughout your time at Gies Business, you’ll learn from expert faculty members who share decades of industry and classroom experience.
Expand these menu options to learn more about the classes you’ll take. Talk to an
admissions representative
if you have questions about required courses, degree requirements, or scheduling.
Business Core Courses
Every student at Gies Business takes a “core” set of courses. The topics are broad, but they’re designed to equip you with skills and knowledge you’ll need to excel in the rest of your business education, regardless of the major you choose. Business core courses give you a chance to explore and sample new topics.
See Business Core course requirements
Finance Major Requirements
In your finance courses, you’ll learn about financial theories, as well as when and how to apply them. You'll take a set of required courses that are relevant to all career paths in finance and expand your knowledge with additional elective courses. Finance elective topics include risk assessment and management, mergers and acquisitions, real estate planning and management, investment banking, and more.
See required Finance courses
The courses are for the current year course catalog. All current Gies Business students should refer to their catalog year.
A business school where you can be yourself
At Gies Business, you won’t just be a student – you’ll be a valued member of our supportive community. We’ll provide a learning experience to help you explore and realize your purpose. All you have to do is take the first step.