URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/academics/undergraduate-minors/international-business-minor
TITLE: International Business Minor | Gies College of Business

Minor in International Business
Home
/
Academics
/
Undergraduate Minors
/
International Business Minor
Undergraduate Minors
Business Analytics Minor
International Business Minor
The Hoeft Technology and Management Program
Business Minor (For Non-Business Majors)
Take your business skills anywhere in the world
The international business minor is designed to complement all our undergraduate business degrees and prepares you to successfully navigate such complexities when engaging in global enterprise, operating multinational corporations, and completing international transactions.
Get noticed by top companies
With an international business minor on your transcript, you’ll stand out to employers as someone with a wider understanding of the opportunities, challenges, and complexities involved with global commerce.
Graduates of this minor program have worked at:
Boeing
PepsiCo
Amazon
Nike
Other multinational corporations
Eligibility
The international business minor is available only to undergraduate students in Gies College of Business. To declare this minor, you must complete a
minor declaration form
.
Not a Gies Business student? We still have a
business minor
for you.
Minor Declaration Form
Coursework
The international business minor consists of five core courses and one elective course, all completed with letter grades. Students must also successfully complete all course prerequisites.
Completion of this minor typically requires three academic years. Online and in-person sections of required courses are made available to satisfy curriculum requirements.
View Course Requirements
Study abroad opportunities
Although not required, participating in a study abroad program can enhance your international business expertise. Studying abroad is a great way to gain global perspectives and experience how culture impacts business.
Check Out Gies Global Programs
Frequently Asked Questions
Can I apply a course credit I received from another institution toward the course requirements for the international business minor?
Very few off-campus transfer course credits can be used to fulfill the international business minor course requirements.
Contact advising staff
or consult
Transferology
to confirm whether transferable course credit will satisfy the minor's core and elective requirements.
How much time does it take to complete the international business minor?
You should plan to complete the international business minor within three (3) academic years.
Consult with your academic advisor
to make a plan for completing all course requirements.
Can I still study abroad if I minor in international business?
It is possible for you to study abroad and complete the course requirements for this minor.
Course credit earned through a University of Illinois study abroad program may satisfy some of the minor requirements, but you should check with your academic advisor in advance of enrolling in the course to make sure.
To qualify for credit toward the minor, course articulations of a study abroad course
must exactly match
the course articulations of the required Gies Business course. For example, a course equivalent to BADM 380 would be an acceptable credit toward that requirement. For study abroad courses that are not an exact match, the academic director of the minor will consider substitutes for the course upon petition.
How often will the required courses for the international business minor be offered?
Not all international business minor courses will be offered every semester or term.
You must select judiciously and enroll in the appropriate international business minor courses when they are offered throughout any academic year. A schedule of course offerings by semester is available in
Course Explorer
.