URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/academics/majors-and-minors/accountancy-data-science
TITLE: BS in Accountancy + Data Science | Gies College of Business

Accountancy + Data Science
LEARN HOW TO APPLY
|
PLAN A VISIT
Accountancy experts know how money and other assets flow through businesses and even economies. Pair that knowledge with data science expertise, and you’ll enhance your ability to see stories in  numbers – an ability that can help you influence business decisions and make a lasting impact on the world around you.
Our
STEM-designated Accountancy + Data Science program
will equip you with interdisciplinary technical and mathematical skills, business acumen for solving complex business challenges, and bold expertise for navigating unknowns in the future of business.
Pioneer new career paths
The accountancy + data science program will develop your skills in mathematics, statistics, computer science, and information science as you build your business expertise.
With the tools you need to identify trends, forecast results, and guide businesses through major challenges, you'll be in high demand for a wide range of employment possibilities.
See Office of Career & Professional Development
96%
Successful Undergraduate Career Outcomes
$83,500
Average Starting Salary
Take advantage of unique opportunities
At Gies Business, you’ll have plenty of time to explore your interests and passions before you declare a major. As a student here, you can also:
Celebrate declaring your major at
Signing Day
Make friends and build a network in
30+ student organizations
Use your accounting skills to serve your community in the
Volunteer Income Tax Assistance
program
Gain confidence working on consulting projects for real-world clients
Add big data experience to your résumé through the
University of Illinois-Deloitte Foundation Center for Business Analytics
Enhance your leadership potential
As an accountancy + data science student, you’ll learn from the
#1 accounting faculty
(BYU Accounting Research Rankings) and engage with top experts in mathematics, statistics, and computer and information science.
As you build interdisciplinary math, science, and technical skills, you'll learn how to apply them in the business world, to find new opportunities and  identify where you can have the most impact. You'll also learn to communicate effectively across technical and non-technical teams, setting you up for unique leadership opportunities.
Expand these menu options to learn more about the classes you’ll take. Please talk to an
admissions representative
if you have questions about required courses, degree requirements, or scheduling.
Business Core Courses
Every student at Gies Business takes a “core” set of courses. The topics are broad, but they’re designed to equip you with skills and knowledge you’ll need to excel in the rest of your business education, regardless of the major you choose. Business core courses give you a chance to explore and sample new topics.
See Business Core course requirements
Data Science Requirements
Students who participate in “+ Data Science” majors at Illinois are required to take courses that provide a solid foundation of data science knowledge. These courses are designed to complement a wide range of disciplines in and out of business, and they’ll prepare you to analyze and interpret data in many different contexts.
See Data Science course requirements
Accountancy Requirements
You’ll take upper-level accountancy courses that dig deep into the most essential aspects of the accounting profession. These courses help prepare you for internships, entry-level positions, or graduate coursework in accounting.
See Accountancy course requirements
The courses are for the current year course catalog. All current Gies Business students should refer to their catalog year.
Connect with top accounting firms
Professionals from leading accounting firms visit our classrooms, mentor our students, and actively recruit our graduates. This enhances your education and gives you the chance to build a professional network before you graduate.
A business school where you can be yourself
At Gies Business, you won’t just be a student – you’ll be a valued member of our supportive community. We’ll provide a learning experience to help you explore and realize your purpose. All you have to do is take the first step.