URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/academics/microcredentials/undergraduate-microcredentials
TITLE: Undergraduate Microcredentials | Gies College of Business

Undergraduate Microcredentials
Home
/
Academics
/
Microcredentials
/
Undergraduate Microcredentials
Microcredentials
Undergraduate Microcredentials
Build in-demand business skills – fast
Microcredentials provide access to business education for learners who are pursuing majors outside of Gies Business.
Undergraduate microcredentials help you strengthen specific business skills so you can stand out in internships, job applications, and leadership opportunities. They’re shorter than a minor, focused on practical outcomes, and awarded as a digital badge you can easily share with employers.
What is a microcredential?
A microcredential signals that you’ve built targeted skills or knowledge by completing a defined set of courses. Unlike a major or minor, a microcredential:
Requires only 2-3 courses
Can be completed in a shorter time frame (often in as little as one academic year)
Does not appear on your transcript
Is awarded as a digital badge and certificate you can share instantly with employers, internship sites, and on your résumé or LinkedIn profile
Is a focused, career-aligned set of courses that builds specific business skills
Business Fundamentals
The Business Fundamentals undergraduate-level microcredential provides learners across campus with an introduction to key competencies critical to entry-level positions including those in business development, human resources, operations, and program coordination.
Explore Requirements
Coming Soon
Additional microcredentials are on the way. Gies Business will continue to expand its microcredential offerings to help learners across campus develop practical, career-ready skills.
Request Information
Earn a digital badge you can share
When you complete a microcredential, you’ll receive a digital certificate and badge issued by Illinois with Accredible. Your badge links to a page that verifies:
What you learned
The skills you gained
That Gies College of Business issued your credential
These digital badges make it simple for recruiters to understand the value you bring.
Frequently asked questions
Have additional questions?
Explore all FAQs
.
Do I need to complete an application for the microcredential?
We’ll reward the credential automatically at the end of the semester when you meet all of the microcredential requirements. You’ll receive an email notification about your achievement, along with your digital badge and certificate. No need to apply!
If you believe you should have earned a microcredential but did not receive it, please email microcredentials@business.illinois.edu for assistance.
Can I complete more than one microcredential?
Yes! As more become available, you will be able to earn multiple microcredentials. Each microcredential will be designed to offer value as a standalone credential and, in many cases, will stack into a transcripted major or minor.
Are these courses available online?
All of the courses in the microcredential are available online, and, in many cases, you will need to enroll in the online version of the course. Some courses may only be available in certain semesters, so please review the microcredential requirements and plan ahead.
Are there any restrictions on who can take the courses included in the microcredential?
The online sections of ACCY 200, BADM 275, BADM 310, and BADM 320 are open to all non-Gies majors. Enrollment is only restricted based on the availability of seats. FIN 221 has a prerequisite of either ECON 102 or ECON 103 and you need to have declared the business minor to enroll. You may also be eligible to take FIN 221 if it is required for your degree.
We’ve designed the microcredential to limit the impact of the FIN 221 enrollment restrictions. If you do not meet the prerequisites for FIN 221, you can still meet that competency by completing ACCY 200 or ACCY 201/202.
Ready to build skills that set you apart?
Take the next step toward strengthening your business foundation and building confidence for your career.
Connect with Our Team