URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/academics/majors-and-minors/entrepreneurship
TITLE: BS Strategy, Innovation, and Entrepreneurship | Gies College of Business

Strategy, Innovation, and Entrepreneurship
LEARN HOW TO APPLY
|
PLAN A VISIT
When you aren’t afraid to challenge the status quo, you can make a big impact – in your own life, in your community, or even in the world.
Gies Business designed the
Strategy, Innovation & Entrepreneurship
major for bold thinkers, go-getters, and trailblazers who push past uncertainty to drive positive change. If you dream of one day starting your own business, developing a new technology, or leading a team of innovators, this is the major for you.
Prepare to design your own career
In this major, you won’t just learn how to start new businesses – through our innovative
Origin Ventures Office of Entrepreneurship
, you’ll  have access to resources and funding opportunities to help you get your ideas off the ground.
The Strategy, Innovation, and Entrepreneurship major  offers unparalleled flexibility, making it an excellent second major for dual degree seekers. G
raduates have gone on to work for t
op consulting firms, Fortune 500 companies, startups, and investment firms.
95%
Successful Undergraduate Career Outcomes
$68,191
Average Starting Salary
Take advantage of unique opportunities
At Gies Business, you’ll have plenty of time to explore your interests and passions before you declare a major. As a student here, you can also:
Celebrate declaring your major at
Signing Day
Make friends and build a network in
30+ student organizations
Launch a new business venture through one or more of our
entrepreneurial support programs
Gain confidence working on consulting projects for real-world clients
Work with faculty to improve global economies in
Entrepreneurs Without Borders
Learn to lead among industry experts
Gies Business faculty members are experts who bring decades of practical experience into the classroom. They'll deliver important insights about strategic thinking, decision-making, managing change, scaling businesses successfully, and leading effective and innovative teams.
But you won't just learn theories about how to grow and manage emerging
businesses – you'll get opportunities to put what you learn into practice through hands-on learning experiences.
Expand these menu options to learn more about the classes you’ll take. Talk to an
admissions representative
if you have questions about required courses, degree requirements, or scheduling.
Business Core Courses
Every student at Gies Business takes a “core” set of courses. The topics are broad, but they’re designed to equip you with skills and knowledge you’ll need to excel in the rest of your business education, regardless of the major you choose. Business core courses give you a chance to explore and sample new topics.
See Business Core courses
Major Requirements
As a Strategy, Innovation & Entrepreneurship student, you’ll be required to take a select set of courses in strategy, innovation, and entrepreneurship. These courses build your expertise in financing and managing new businesses and work groups.
See Strategy, Innovation & Entrepreneurship major requirements
Major Electives
Elective courses allow you to customize your degree: cast a wide net to gain exposure to many areas of business, or fine tune tune your expertise along a specific track. With this major, you'll get to choose from a variety of skill-building and experiential courses that give you practical
See Strategy, Innovation & Entrepreneurship elective course options
The courses are for the current year course catalog. All current Gies Business students should refer to their catalog year.
Find support for your startup
At Gies Business, we're proud to provide a culture of entrepreneurial success – one that starts in the classroom and is enhanced by our co-curricular programming.
Get funding and mentorship for your startup through
iVenture Accelerator
Get pro-bono business consulting (or build your own business acumen) through
EntreCORPS
Cultivate your business ideas and take advantage of technology resources at Illinois'
Research Park
Entrepreneurship accelerated
Our entrepreneurship students have an opportunity to partner with the iVenture Accelerator program, which supports the most promising student-led startups on campus with funding, resources, and coaching.
LEARN MORE
A business school where you can be yourself
At Gies Business, you won’t just be a student – you’ll be a valued member of our supportive community. We’ll provide a learning experience to help you explore and realize your purpose. All you have to do is take the first step.