URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/academics/majors-and-minors/accounting
TITLE: Bachelor's Degree in Accountancy | Accounting Business Degree

Accountancy
LEARN HOW TO APPLY
|
PLAN A VISIT
The accountancy major at Gies Business is built for investigative minds and strategic thinkers who want to make a difference at the organizational, community, or global level.
When you major in accountancy, you gain a strong understanding of how money and other assets flow through businesses and even economies. And with that knowledge, you can help shape the world we live in.
Unlock career possibilities
Accountants are in high demand, and that’s especially true of Gies Business accounting graduates. When you major in accounting at Gies, you’ll gain broad knowledge and insights that prepare you for leadership roles and rewarding careers in and out of the accounting profession.
A degree in accounting is a great match for careers in:
Accounting and Assurance
Public accounting (audit, tax, advisory)
Internal audit and risk management
Assurance and attestation services
Corporate Finance and Strategy
Financial planning and analysis
Treasury and corporate finance
Mergers, acquisitions, and valuation
Business strategy and analytics
Global tax strategy
Advisory and Consulting
Management and technology consulting
Forensic and investigative accounting
Business process and performance improvement
ESG and sustainability reporting
Specialized Sectors
Nonprofit and government accounting
Healthcare and education finance
International and cross-border taxation
Real estate and investment fund accounting
Entrepreneurship and Innovation
Starting your own firm or venture
Financial technology
Data analytics and AI-driven decision making
Leadership and Executive Roles
CFO and C-suite leadership
Board governance and audit committees
Policy, regulation, and standard-setting
#1
Ranked undergraduate accountancy program in the country
U.S. News & World Report
97%
Successful Undergraduate Career Outcomes
$84,343
Average Starting Salary
Take advantage of unique experiences
At Gies Business, you’ll have plenty of time to explore your interests and passions before you declare a major. As a student here, you can also:
Celebrate declaring your major at
Signing Day
Make friends and build a network in
30+ student organizations
Use your accounting skills to serve your community in the
Volunteer Income Tax Assistance
program
Gain confidence working on consulting projects for real-world clients
Connect with top employers
Professionals from leading firms visit our classrooms, mentor our students, and actively recruit our graduates. This enhances your education and gives you the chance to build a professional network before you graduate.
Learn from world-renowned researchers
For more than a century, the Department of Accountancy at Gies Business has helped shape, define, and advance the accounting profession.
At Gies Business, you’ll learn from the
#1 accounting faculty
(BYU Accounting Research Rankings), who possess a wide range of knowledge and experience in areas such as financial accounting, taxation, audit and assurance, accounting information systems, government and non-profit accounting, international accounting, and more. Our forward-looking curriculum will expand your career options and help you pursue a more purposeful future.
Expand these menu options to learn more about the classes you’ll take. Talk to an
admissions representative
if you have questions about required courses, degree requirements, or scheduling.
Business Core Courses
Every student at Gies Business takes a “core” set of courses. The topics are broad, but they’re designed to equip you with skills and knowledge you’ll need to excel in the rest of your business education, regardless of the major you choose. Business core courses give you a chance to explore and sample new topics.
See Business Core course requirements
Accountancy Major Requirements
You’ll take upper-level accountancy courses that dig deep into the most essential aspects of the accounting profession. These courses help prepare you for internships, entry-level positions, or graduate coursework in accounting.
See required Accountancy courses
The courses are for the current year course catalog. All current Gies Business students should refer to their catalog year.
Level up with credentials
Earning advanced credentials – like the Certified Public Accountant (CPA) or Certified Management Accountant (CMA) designation – is a great way to land unique and advanced careers in accounting. And it’s never too early to start preparing. Our curriculum prepares you for the rigor and content you'll encounter on the exams to earn these designations.
Earn a bachelor’s and master’s in five years
After completing your bachelor's degree, you can also transition to our
Master of Accounting Science (MAS)
program, which provides even more support to seek accounting credentials.
About the CMA®
Lead in a AI-driven world
Our Accountancy curriculum does not treat artificial intelligence as a side topic. Students learn to use AI inside real accounting workflows, including forecasting, audit support, fraud analytics, tax research and planning, and financial reporting tasks. They graduate fluent in data tools and AI-assisted judgment so they can lead in a profession where technology and human expertise work side by side.
A business school where you can be yourself
At Gies Business, you won’t just be a student – you’ll be a valued member of our supportive community. We’ll provide a learning experience to help you explore and realize your purpose. All you have to do is take the first step.