URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/apply/cost-and-aid
TITLE: Cost and Aid | Gies College of Business

Cost and Financial Aid
Your investment: tuition and fees by program
Understanding the cost of your education is a key step. Each of our programs has its own unique tuition structure and associated fees. To view the precise breakdown for your program of interest, simply select your program from the list:
Undergraduate Programs
Tuition rates vary based on several factors. The University of Illinois tuition guarantee helps you plan your finances more effectively by locking in your tuition rate for all four years of your undergraduate education.
Explore cost and aid for undergraduate programs
.
Master's Programs
Tuition and fees vary by graduate program. To view the exact tuition of a master's program, click the appropriate link below:
MS in Accountancy (MSA)
Master of Accounting Science (MAS)
MS in Business Analytics (MSBA)
MS in Finance (MSF)
MS in Management (MSM)
MS in Technology Management (MSTM)
Doctoral Programs
Tuition, aid, and fellowships vary by doctoral program. To learn more, click the appropriate link below:
PhD in Accountancy
PhD in Business Administration
PhD in Finance
Online Programs
Discover an online learning path that helps you reach your goals – and fits your budget. From noncredit options to for-credit courses and graduate degree programs, we offer a variety of affordable, pay-as-you-go ways to pursue ongoing learning as you grow your career.
Explore tuition and costs for Gies Online Programs
.
Estimate your full cost of attendance
While tuition and fees are a major component, it's helpful to consider the full cost of attendance which includes estimated living expenses and other educational costs.
Use the Illinois Cost Calculator to get a personalized estimate that factors in:
tuition and fees, books and supplies, food and housing, transportation, health insurance, and more.
Illinois Cost Calculator
Explore scholarship and financial aid options
We are committed to helping you fund your education. A variety of financial aid options are available to help make your degree affordable. We encourage all prospective students to explore the resources below:
Merit-based scholarships
Gies Business awards a variety of scholarships to both incoming and current students. Your application for admission is all you need to be considered. If you're eligible, you'll be contacted directly by those administering the award. If you have questions about merit-based scholarships, please contact your program of interest.
Office of Student Financial Aid
The
Office of Student Financial Aid at the University of Illinois
provides information about sources of  student aid including loans, employment opportunities, and other aid programs. All students must complete the free application for
Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
to be considered for any type of financial aid.