URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/apply/admissions/scholarships
TITLE: Undergraduate Cost and Aid | Gies College of Business

Undergraduate Cost and Aid
Tuition rates
Tuition rates vary based on several factors. The University of Illinois tuition guarantee helps you plan your finances more effectively by locking in your tuition rate for all four years of your undergraduate education.
1
See Current Cost Estimates
Tuition Calculator Tool
1
Some exclusions apply. View
The University of Illinois Guaranteed Tuition webpage
for more details.
Scholarship options
At Gies Business, we’re committed to expanding access to superior business education through scholarship support. It’s one more way that we help you achieve your goals and pursue your purpose.
54%
of Gies Business students receive gift aid
Our scholarships
Securing financial aid for college can be a laborious process. We try to cut down on the amount of work required from you by automatically evaluating admitted and enrolled students for scholarship eligibility.
Incoming student information
How to Apply
When you submit your
application for admission
to Gies College of Business, we will automatically evaluate your eligibility for scholarships that we offer. We encourage you to complete the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
prior to the application deadline, to ensure the accuracy of our evaluation. You do not need to complete any additional forms to be considered for scholarships administered by Gies Business.
Transfer Students
Transfer students will be evaluated on a rolling basis after they receive their offer of admission. Timeframe varies.
Notification Timeframe
If you are selected to receive any Gies Business scholarship, you’ll be notified by mid-April, prior to your arrival on campus.
Timeframe varies for transfer students.
Scholarship Matching
At this time, Gies Business cannot match any scholarships offered by other institutions.
Continuing student information
How to Apply
As long as you’re enrolled at Gies Business, our dedicated staff will annually evaluate your eligibility for scholarships that we offer and notify you if we can match you to a funding opportunity.
To ensure the accuracy of our evaluation, we encourage you to upload your most current resume into
Handshake
and complete the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
by the application deadline each year.
Notification Timeframe
All scholarship notifications for continuing students are sent out by the end of July each year.
Financial aid
We do not limit students’ ability to seek external scholarships to fund their education. Here are some additional options for scholarships and aid.
External scholarships
We can help you identify some potential funding sources. If you have questions or would like guidance on where to apply for external scholarship funding, contact
scholarships@business.illinois.edu
.
You can also check with the
Office of Student Financial Aid
for other scholarship and financial aid information.
Federal Student Aid
All students must complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) to be considered for any type of financial aid. To help you get started, here’s a helpful resource for students and families in Illinois:
www.isac.org/students
Understanding your Financial Aid Notification or Scholarship Letter video:
Financial Aid Notification Overview