URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/apply/graduate-admissions/fast-track-application
TITLE: Fast Track Graduate Application | Gies College of Business

Earn your master's degree at Gies Business
Your Illinois degree, backed by business expertise
Your education at University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign helped you become an expert in your field. Level up your impact with a master's degree from Gies College of Business.
Fast-track your application
If you're a current on-campus University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign degree-seeking student - or an alum - you can take advantage of a simplified application process for our master's degree programs.
Our graduates bring expertise from many academic backgrounds such as engineering, business, music, psychology,
finance, dance, law, and more.
In just 2-3 semesters, you can earn your master’s degree on campus in:
Accounting
Business Analytics
Management
Technology Management
Fast-Track Application Benefits
Waived application fee
Waived GRE/GMAT requirement
Waived letters of recommendation
Reduced application essays
Increased scholarship funding
Illinois resident tuition for all domestic applicants
How to apply
Complete the
Fast-Track Application Form
to receive an application fee waiver. If you're unsure which program is right for you, our team is happy to make a recommendation. Please note that admission is not guaranteed.
Fast-Track Application Materials:
Graduate College application
Academic records
Résumé
Academic statement of purpose
Video essay
"During my undergraduate studies, part of myself told me I wasn't quite done in Champaign yet. When I heard about the Gies programs, I figured it'd be an optimal opportunity to further develop my skills and continue expressing my school spirit and I wanted to learn more about business using Gies resources."
Stephen Bell
BA Communication '24
MS Management '25
MS Finance Options for Illinois Undergraduate Students
Illinois undergraduate students interested in earning a Gies Business Master of Science in Finance (MSF) degree have two unique opportunities to make their path more straightforward.
Fast-Track Application
This opportunity provides a streamlined application process to Illinois seniors. You don’t need to be part of the accelerated MS Finance Option to benefit. You must have a GPA of 3.3 or higher in your last two years of your undergraduate program.
Fast-Track Application simplifies the application process, meaning you submit only the following:
Online application
Unofficial undergraduate transcripts
Résumé
Application essays
One letter of recommendation
You do not need to submit these items, which are typically required in a traditional application:
Application fee ($90 for domestic and international students)
GRE or GMAT scores
Video essay
Additional letters of recommendation
Note: Fast-Track Application applicants are not automatically admitted into the Master of Science in Finance program. Applications will be reviewed by the admission committee.
Accelerated MS Finance Option
The accelerated MS Finance Option gives you the opportunity to earn up to eight graduate-level finance credits while finishing your bachelor’s degree –
at the undergraduate tuition rate
. Plus, you have a streamlined application process through the
Fast-Track Application
.
If admitted, you can finish your MSF degree in two graduate semesters instead of three, giving you a faster track to start your career while saving on MSF tuition.
You must have a maximum of two undergraduate courses left in your bachelor’s program and have a GPA of 3.3 or higher in your junior year.
Admission for the MSF program is required by the start of your final undergraduate semester.
Interested in these options? Please contact MS Finance for more information:
Schedule a Zoom meeting
or
email us.
Learn more about
the MS Finance Program at Gies Business
or download the
Program Factsheet
.
Take your first step toward a master's degree in business.