URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/apply
TITLE: Admissions | Gies College of Business | University of Illinois

Admissions
Applying to Gies Business
Gies College of Business prepares more than 10,000 students from around the world to put their purpose into practice and become the business leaders of tomorrow. Start your application process today, and take the first steps toward becoming part of the Gies Business family.
Undergraduate
Learn more about the application requirements and upcoming deadlines for first-year, transfer, and international students.
Graduate
Explore the admission requirements, detailed application material, and prerequisites necessary to apply to a graduate business program.
Doctoral
Learn more about the prerequisites, admissions requirements, and upcoming deadlines for our business PhD programs.
Online
Explore resources to help you better understand application materials for our online degrees, certificates, and courses.
Business degree programs
Explore our highly-recognized business degree programs to determine which one best aligns with your career interests and goals.
Undergraduate Programs
Undergraduate programs have specific timelines for prospective freshmen and transfer students. For application details, visit
Undergraduate Admissions
. View more information on individual
programs below:
BS in Accountancy
BS in Accountancy + Data Science
BS in Business + Data Science
BS in Finance
BS in Finance + Data Science
BS in Information Systems
BS in Management
BS in Marketing
BS in Operations Management
BS in Supply Chain Management
BS in Strategy, Innovation, & Entrepreneurship
The Hoeft Technology and Management Program
Business Minor
International Business Minor
Business Analytics Minor
Master's and Doctoral Programs
Applications for graduate programs are submitted through the
Graduate College
. View more information on specific admission requirements, curriculum, and additional program details below:
MS in Accountancy (MSA)
Master of Accounting Science (MAS)
MS in Business Analytics (MSBA)
MS in Finance (MSF)
MS in Financial Engineering (MSFE)
MS in Management (MSM)
MS in Technology Management (MSTM)
Online MBA
Online MS in Accountancy
Online MS in Management
PhD in Accountancy
PhD in Finance
PhD in Business Administration
plan
Interested in individual certificates or courses?
Gies Professional Credentials offer flexible learning opportunities that empower you to expand your impact and achieve your goals through open content, individual courses, graduate certificates, and more.
Learn More