URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/apply/admissions/off-campus-transfer-(oct)
TITLE: Off-Campus Transfer (OCT) | Gies College of Business | UIUC

Off-Campus Transfer (OCT)
Transfer to Gies Business
The Off-Campus Transfer (OCT) process is only for students who are currently enrolled at a higher education institution other than the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and wish to transfer into Gies College of Business.
OCT admission into Gies Business is based on a competitive application review process with limited capacity. If you are not admitted into Gies Business, but you enroll in another undergraduate program at Illinois, you should consider our
Undergraduate Business Minor
and
Gies Graduate Programs
!
Request Information
Majors and Minors
Off-campus transfer process
Application Information
Review the
Transfer Preparation information
provided by the University Office of Undergraduate Admissions. You can review all application requirements and term availability for each program of study through the
Transfer Guide
and
Transfer Handbook
.
Current in-state students: If you’re looking to transfer from one Illinois higher education institution to another, you should also reference
iTransfer
.
Academic Requirements
In order to be competitive for admission, you will need to have completed a number of required courses.
You can refer to the
Gies College of Business Transfer Handbook
on the University Undergraduate Admissions web page for the updated course requirements and other important details.
Deadlines and Timelines
Visit the
University Office of Undergraduate Admissions
website to review all admission requirements, procedures, and timelines.
How to Apply
All applications must be submitted through the
University Office of Undergraduate Admissions
office.
How We Review
The admissions review committee uses a holistic process that assesses the entire student record (academic courses and performance, essays, and involvement and experiences).
In addition to strong academic performance, the committee looks for students who make a positive impact in and through their organizations, activities, schools, workplaces, and/or communities. Applicants are encouraged to exhibit these skills in all aspects of the application.
The University Office of Undergraduate Admissions provides
more details about the application review process
.