URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/apply/admissions/intercollegiate-transfer-(ict)
TITLE: Intercollegiate Transfer (ICT) | Gies College of Business | UIUC

Intercollegiate Transfer (ICT)
Transfer to Gies Business
The Intercollegiate Transfer (ICT) process is for first-year University of Illinois students who are currently enrolled in an academic program at University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign and wish to pursue a Gies Business undergraduate degree.
calendar
Fall 2026 Application Deadlines
The ICT application will be available starting Tuesday, April 28, at 8:00 a.m., and will close on Wednesday, May 20, 2026, at 11:59 p.m.
ICT eligibility
There is a competitive transfer application process for first-year University of Illinois students who would like to pursue a Gies Business undergraduate degree or a dual degree.
To be eligible for transfer, you must:
Be a first-year current student at University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign
Have completed at least 24 graded credit hours at Illinois by the end of your first spring semester
Comply with course completion timelines detailed in the
next section
If you deferred your Illinois admission from fall to spring entry, please contact our office at
ICTinfo@business.illinois.edu
.
Do I need to apply for ICT if I just want to add a business major to my current major?
Yes. Because enrollment for many business courses is restricted to students whose home/primary college is Gies College of Business, any student who wishes to declare a business major as part of a dual degree will need to apply for ICT admission into Gies Business.
You will need to indicate on the application if you intend to pursue dual degrees (one Gies Business major and another major outside of Gies Business). Pursuing dual degrees is not always possible, based on coursework and graduation requirements for each program.
We recommend discussing your intentions with your current academic advisor prior to applying for ICT, to see if dual degrees are a good option for you.
I’m not eligible for ICT, but I want to add business expertise to my degree. What are my options?
We offer a
business minor
to all students at Illinois who aren’t affiliated with our college, and we also offer one-year
master’s degree programs
, several of which are designed for learners from non-business backgrounds.
What criteria will you consider when reviewing my ICT application?
The ICT admissions committee employs a holistic process to review applications based on collegiate academics and course completion (see
Coursework Requirements
below), essays, and other submitted information.
Priority admissions will be given to students who:
Completed Course Requirements
Have an overall 3.0 GPA or above at the end of the Spring 2026 semester
Have completed the third level of a language other than English (could be completed with high school coursework) or have taken and passed a proficiency exam which is posted on their academic record. If a student is unable to complete the requirement, they should include an explanation in the additional consideration prompts.
The following are not considered in the review process:
High school grades, ACT/SAT/TOEFL test scores, or any other items from a student's initial university admission application
Program choice – there are no specific space limits to each major.
Recommendations from faculty, staff, or personal contacts are not a part of the review process and therefore are not accepted
How can I find out if ICT is a good option for me?
If you’re interested in changing your major or adding a business major to your degree plan, you should talk with your academic advisor and get in touch with our admissions team. Also check out the “What to Consider Before You Apply” and “Where to Find Help” sections on this page.
How likely is it that I will be admitted to Gies Business if I apply for ICT?
Due to space limitations and the strength of the applicant pool each year, we are unable to guarantee admission, regardless of your GPA and/or course completion. We typically admit about 35% of ICT applications each year.
How do I apply for ICT to Gies Business?
The application portal will be available on this page in late spring for each admissions cycle. Please read through the information in the “Application Process & Requirements” section on this page.
Coursework requirements
Gies Business undergraduate programs must be completed in no more than 9 full-time semesters and require a significant number of business courses. This section details our suggested course completion timelines for required courses.
When you apply for intercollegiate transfer, be prepared to demonstrate that you’ve completed – or have a plan to complete – the following required and recommended courses.
Required Courses
For first-year students entering Illinois in Fall 2025, the following requirements must be completed by the end of Spring 2026:
Composition I
ECON 102: Microeconomics (ACE 100 can be substituted)
ECON 103: Macroeconomics
At least one of the following:
MATH 115: Preparation for Calculus
MATH 220: Calculus
MATH 221: Calculus I
MATH 231: Calculus II
MATH 234: Calculus for Business I
STAT 100: Statistics
If you want to declare a + Data Science major
, you’ll need to complete the following requirements prior to the end of Spring 2026:
Composition I
ECON 102: Microeconomics (ACE 100 can be substituted)
ECON 103: Macroeconomics
CS/IS/STAT 107: Data Science Discovery
One of the following:
MATH 234: Calculus for Business (recommended)
MATH 220: Calculus
MATH 221: Calculus
Recommended Courses
We recommend completing these courses prior to the end of the Spring 2026 semester to help prepare you for success at Gies Business.
Levels I–III of a language other than English (LOTE) course
CMN 101: Public Speaking
CS 105: Intro Computing: Non-Tech (for all majors except +Data Science)
Note about LOTE courses:
Priority will be given to students who have completed three levels of a language other than English OR have taken and passed a proficiency exam which is posted on their academic record. Applicable high school coursework can be applied toward the LOTE requirement. If a student is unable to complete the LOTE requirement, they should include an explanation in the additional consideration prompts.
Courses are considered complete if the student has taken the course or its equivalent at Illinois or another institution or through AP/IB test score credit. It is the applicant’s responsibility to ensure that all outside awarded college credit (i.e., AP/IB test credit or college credit from other institutions) is included in their official Illinois records.
Application process and requirements
The ICT application form includes three major steps:
STEP 1: Select your major.
The application form will ask you to choose a business major. Our major program offerings include:
Accountancy
Accountancy + Data Science
Business + Data Science
Finance
Finance + Data Science
Information Systems
Management
Marketing
Operations Management
Strategy, Innovation, and Entrepreneurship
Learn more about each major by clicking on the program name in the list.
STEP 2: Respond to essay prompts.
You will be asked to respond to three essay prompts in the application form. These prompts are connected to the
purpose, commitments, and beliefs
of Gies Business.
Each essay should be between 200-350 words.
Professional Essay
: How do your current academic interests, professional goals, and strengths fit with your requested major in Gies Business? In what ways do you hope to explore areas of growth and develop professionally?
Pers
onal Essay
Describe a personal experience that helped shape your values. How did this experience influence your sense of purpose, belonging, or innovation? In what ways do your values guide your actions today, and how might they align with the Gies Purpose, Commitments, and Beliefs?
Engagement essay
: During your first year in college, in what ways were you significantly engaged either on- or off-campus, how were these engagements meaningful to you, and what have you learned from these experiences? This could be related to a part-time job, a student club/organization, volunteer/community work, family responsibility, or any other non-classroom activity.
STEP 3: Submit additional considerations.
There are several prompts in the application form that give you opportunity to submit additional information for the admissions committee to consider, such as:
An explanation of low grades and/or circumstances that affected your academic performance
An explanation for not completing one or more required courses prior to the end of this spring semester
An explanation and description of college credit that has not yet appeared on your academic record
A description of unique, personal information that you would like the admission review committee to consider during the review process
A description of any job or internship you’ve held during the school year and the number of hours you work per week (or per semester)
You don’t need to respond to every one of these prompts, but you should respond to any prompts that is relevant to your situation.
What to consider before you apply
Changing majors may significantly affect other areas of your education, so it’s important to understand those possible implications.
Transferring to Gies Business may impact:
Your tuition rate or scholarship eligibility
Please review the
tuition & fee rates
provided by the Office of the Registrar, and reach out to the Office of Student Financial Aid if you have questions about possible changes to your award packages.
Your courseloads and summer/winter break schedules
Gies Business undergraduate programs must be completed in no more than 9 full-time semesters. This means you may need to take additional coursework to stay within that required timeline.
Your ability to earn a dual degree at Illinois
Although pursuing dual degrees may still be possible, our graduation timeline requirements may limit your ability to complete a dual degree with a Gies Business major and a major offered by another college at Illinois. If this is something you’re interested in, please consult with your current academic advisor about the feasibility your specific dual major plans.
Your plans to study abroad
If you are interested in studying abroad for a semester, please make sure you are considering that in your graduation plan as it may impact your course options. You should plan early and talk with your current academic advisor about study abroad programs.
We encourage you to make two graduation plans: one as if you were to study abroad, and one as if you do not, as a backup.
If you have questions about Gies Business study abroad programs, our team would be happy to assist you. Please contact Gies Global Programs at 217-244-7245 or
studyabroad@business.illinois.edu
.
Please discuss your options with your academic advisor before applying for intercollegiate transfer to Gies Business.
Where to find help
We know that transferring colleges requires you to weigh and consider a lot of options. We encourage you to work closely with your current academic advisor and get in touch with our admissions team when you have questions.
Virtual Admission Information Sessions
Attend an ICT webinar led by Gies Business admissions staff. All sessions will begin at 4:00 PM CT. Upcoming sessions include:
Monday, April 6
Wednesday, April 29
Drop-in Academic Advising
Drop in for a quick, 15-minute advising appointment with a Gies Business academic advisor.
Drop-in advising is available for current University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign students only. High school seniors are encouraged to attend a virtual information session.
When:
Tuesdays, 2:00–4:00 pm, throughout the Spring 2026 semester while classes are in session, from January 27 through May 5, 2026
Where:
5th floor of the Illini Union Bookstore Building (check in at the front desk of Exploratory Studies)
FAQs
I am in my sophomore year at University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign. Am I eligible for ICT to Gies Business?
If you have taken more than two semesters of full-time coursework at Illinois, you are not eligible for intercollegiate transfer. However, if you’re still interested in adding business expertise to your degree, we offer a
business minor
to all students at Illinois who aren’t affiliated with our college.
We also offer one-year
master’s degree programs
that are open to learners from non-business backgrounds. As an Illinois student, you’ll also be eligible for
fast-track application
if you apply to our graduate programs.
I transferred into Illinois from another institution. Can I apply for intercollegiate transfer to Gies Business?
If you have already completed the off-campus transfer process and are enrolled in another college at Illinois, you are not eligible for intercollegiate transfer to Gies Business. However, if you’re still interested in adding business expertise to your degree, we offer a
business minor
to all students at Illinois who aren’t affiliated with our college.
We also offer one-year
master’s degree programs
that are open to learners from non-business backgrounds. As an Illinois student, you’ll also be eligible for
fast-track application
if you apply to our graduate programs.
Can I change or add a major after I transfer to Gies Business?
If you are admitted to Gies Business, you can change your intended major or add a double major during your sophomore year.
I want to switch to a “+ Data Science” degree at Gies Business, but I haven’t completed all the courses I need to declare that major. Can I still apply for an intercollegiate transfer?
Yes. As long as you still comply with the regular requirements listed in “
Coursework Requirements
,” you should select a non-“+ Data Science” major in the application form. If admitted, you can work towards the “+ Data Science” requirements.
I want to apply to the supply chain management program at Gies Business. Why is that major not available option on the application form?
The supply chain management major is the only Gies Business major that requires a separate application process. If you want to apply for admission into supply chain management program, you would need do so after you are admitted to Gies Business. In the meantime, you would still need to apply for intercollegiate transfer to one of the programs listed in Step 1 of “
Application Process & Requirements
."
What classes should I enroll in next semester if I’m planning to transfer to Gies Business?
For Fall 2025 and Spring 2026, you should work with your current academic advisor to schedule appropriate classes for ICT consideration and other majors you are considering.
For Fall 2026 course registration, you should sign up for classes as if you were continuing in your current program/academic unit. If you are admitted, a Gies Business academic advisor will review your schedule and contact you about any needed changes.
What is the timeline for the ICT admissions process?
You can apply for ICT at the end of spring semester of your first year at Illinois to be considered for fall admission. Our admissions committee will begin their reviews after spring semester final exams and grades are complete (usually late May). You will be notified of your admission decision by the end of June.
If you deferred your Illinois admission from fall to spring entry, you will need to contact our office to discuss your options for an intercollegiate transfer.
Do you take ICT applications for fall and spring admission/entry?
No. Curriculum requirements restrict when intercollegiate transfer students can start our programs. We accept applications for fall admission only.
If I’m admitted into Gies Business for Fall 2026, will I be able to enroll in the business courses I need to meet graduation requirements?
We hold spaces in specific courses for ICT students, so you will be able to get into the business classes you need for the fall.