URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/apply/graduate-admissions
TITLE: Graduate Admissions | Gies College of Business | UIUC

Graduate admissions
Explore your program's admissions requirements
Navigating graduate admissions is straightforward. Each of our distinct business graduate programs has its own specific set of requirements, application details, and deadlines. To ensure you have the precise information you need,
simply choose your program of interest from the list below
.
View all graduate programs
Master of Accounting Science
Master of Science in Accountancy
Master of Science in Business Analytics
Master of Science in Finance
Master of Science in Financial Engineering
Master of Science in Management
Master of Science in Technology Management
Online MBA (iMBA™)
Online Master of Science in Accountancy
Online Master of Science in Management
calendar
Upcoming admissions events
Ready to take the next step and learn more about our graduate programs? Join us for an upcoming admissions event. These sessions offer a valuable opportunity to hear directly from faculty, admissions staff, and current students, get your questions answered in real-time, and gain deeper insights into the Gies College of Business experience.
View Events Calendar
Personalized support for your admissions journey
We understand that applying to graduate school can come with questions. We've created multiple pathways for you to get the personalized advice and support you need to make an informed decision and feel confident in your application.
Get your questions answered
Have general questions about our graduate programs or the admissions process? Fill out our quick inquiry form, and our team will get back to you with the answers you need.
Ask a Question
Find your best fit
Not sure which business graduate program aligns best with your career goals? Our quick and easy quiz is designed to help you explore your options and point you towards the right program for you.
Take the Quiz
Talk to an admissions advisor
Have specific questions about requirements, application strategies, or program details? Our dedicated admissions advisors are available to provide one-on-one guidance. Schedule a virtual  appointment today.
Schedule Today
Connect with student ambassadors
Gain insights from those who are living the experience. Our student ambassadors are current graduate students eager to share their perspectives on academics, student life, career opportunities, and more.
Meet Ambassadors
Stackable degrees: continue your learning journey
Your Gies College of Business graduate degree can be a powerful stepping stone. If you decide to pursue our
Gies iMBA
down the line, you'll find that your
previous graduate work can be stacked
, meaning you're already one-third to halfway to completing your MBA. This streamlined path makes it easier and more efficient to continue your education whenever you're ready.
FAQ
Have additional questions?
Connect with our team today
.
What are the Graduate College admission requirements?
You can review the University of Illinois Graduate College's list of
minimum requirements
for graduate admissions. Remember that each Gies Business graduate program has additional requirements for admission. Please refer to your program of interest for full requirements.
What are the English proficiency requirements for admission?
If you are a non-native English speaker or do not meet one of the
Graduate College’s exemptions
, you will need to upload your TOEFL, IELTS, or Duolingo scores directly to your application.
Your official TOEFL scores can be sent electronically to the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign (Institution Code – 1836). For more information, please review the
Graduate College’s English Proficiency Requirements
.
Are Gies graduate programs flexible for working professionals?
Yes. We offer both
on-campus
and
fully online
options, allowing you to earn a prestigious graduate degree on your schedule—without putting your career on hold.
Are you a University of Illinois undergraduate student?
If you're a current University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign degree-seeking student - or an alum - you can take advantage of a simplified application process for our master's degree programs.
Explore Fast-Track Application