URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/apply/admissions/undergraduate-events
TITLE: Plan Your Visit

Undergraduate Admissions Events
A campus that’s one of a kind
Shaping purposeful leaders takes the right kind of facilities. See for yourself how the Gies Business campus is designed to bring you cutting edge learning experiences.
Already on campus?
If you’re considering transferring to Gies Business from another college at Illinois, please our
intercollegiate transfer guidelines
.
Admitted student visits
Get excited to start your journey at Gies Business.
Admitted Student Day: Gies Experience
Attend a special event that focuses on Gies Business programs, opportunities, and resources as shared by our students, staff, and alumni.
This program is part of the Admitted Student Day at Illinois Bound on March 28, which is a campus-wide event designed to help you explore Illinois to the fullest.
You can register
for a Gies Experience session in the morning or afternoon, both are the same.
Illinois Bound: Community Showcases
Other Illinois Bound programs, called Community Showcases, are scheduled for:
Monday, February 16
Friday, April 10
Community Showcases offer opportunities to explore campus, visit open houses, and more.
Learn more and register
Illinois Bound: Start Strong
Another Illinois Bound program, Start Strong, is scheduled for Friday, February 27. This event includes the annual student-led Cotton Club performance, sponsored by Central Black Student Union. You can also tour the Bruce D. Nesbitt African American Cultural Center and talk directly with its students.
Register to attend Start Strong
Weekday Gies Business admitted session and campus tour
Attend a university-wide Admitted First-Year Info Session & Campus Tour (10:00 am - 12:15 pm) followed by a Gies Business Admitted Student Visit (2:00 pm). Register for each program separately.
Register for an Admitted First-Year Info Session & Campus Tour
Gies Business Admitted Student Visit
1:1 Appointments with Gies Business students
Meet with one of our current students via Zoom to learn all about the Gies Business experience! Appointments are available throughout the week.
Register for a 1:1 meeting with a Gies Business student
Self-guided tours
If you’re short on time during your in-person visit and can’t attend an official campus tour, you can still see some of the highlights in a
self-guided tour
.
Prospective student visits
Learn more about Gies College of Business, our admissions process, and our community.
Gies Business + Illinois Experience visit
Attend separate information sessions about Gies College of Business and  University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign. This option offers the widest perspective on university affairs and includes a tour of the campus.
Note: You will need to register for a Gies Business session and the Illinois Experience separately. Check both calendars for availability before you register to ensure you can schedule both on the same day.
If you are registering for a Friday visit, please ensure that your Illinois Experience + campus tour time does not overlap with the Gies Business visit time.
Register for Gies Business visit
Register for Illinois Experience + campus tour
Explore Gies at IlliniFest on Saturday, October 18
IlliniFest is our campus-wide open house program. When you register, sign up to attend our Explore Gies open house from 1:00 - 3:30 pm to learn more about our academic programs and exceptional opportunities in Gies Business. Separate registration is available for our college information sessions. Both sessions are the same.
Register for IlliniFest and Explore Gies
Virtual visits for transfer students
Schedule a one-on-one video or phone chat with Gies Business admissions staff to learn more about the transfer admissions process.
Register for a virtual transfer visit
Self-guided tours
If you’re short on time during your in-person visit and can’t attend an official campus tour, you can still see some of the highlights in a
self-guided tour
.
How to prepare for your visit
You can find all the information you need plan your trip to campus via the Undergraduate Admissions website, including:
Detailed agenda for your visit day
Directions to campus and parking
List of hotels in Champaign-Urbana area
Tips for making the most of your campus visit
Plan your trip to campus
location
Gies Business Office of Undergraduate Programs
1055 Business Instructional Facility
515 E. Gregory Drive | Champaign, IL 61820
Phone: 217-244-3890
admissions@business.illinois.edu