URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/apply/admissions
TITLE: Undergraduate Admissions | Gies College of Business | U of I

Undergraduate Admissions
Discover your path to purpose at Gies Business
An education is just the start. From there, all you need is an urge to learn, and you can graduate with the tools you need to become a business leader of tomorrow. Prospective students begin this life-changing process by earning admissions to Gies.
Also consider our
Undergraduate Business Minor
and
Gies Graduate Programs
!
Request Information
View Programs
Prospective first-year students
How to Apply
First-year applications are submitted through
University
Office of Undergraduate Admissions
. On the application, students are asked to list their first choice and second choice majors. Students who wish to pursue a Gies Business major should choose “Business Undeclared” as their
first choice
major, whether they are interested in general business or a specific major.
First-year students are admitted directly into Gies through the Business Undeclared major and explore all areas of study before declaring their major by the end of their sophomore year.
How We Review
Applications are reviewed holistically. There is no minimum cutoff for GPA or standardized test score. The admissions review committee takes the following criteria into consideration:
High school curriculum, course rigor, and grades
ACT/SAT scores (if provided)
Writing prompts
Involvement in community, workplace, and/or school activities
Achievements and honors
Additional information explaining lower grades or unique personal situations
The University of Undergraduate Admissions provides
more details about the application review process
.
Deadlines and Timelines
Visit the
University Office of Undergraduate Admissions
website to review all admission requirements, procedures, and timelines.
Transfer students
Intercollegiate Transfer (ICT)
Current students at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
follow these guidelines
to apply for transfer to Gies College of Business.
Off-Campus Transfer (OCT)
Students attending other educational institutions
follow these guidelines
to apply for transfer to Gies College of Business.
Prospective student FAQs
Have additional questions? Contact us at
admissions@business.illinois.edu
.
What are the required test scores, GPA, and/or class rank for admission?
We do not have specific requirements or cut-offs for admission. We use a holistic approach that considers coursework, rigor, grades, test scores (if provided), essays, involvement, and other factors on the application. University Office of Undergraduate Admissions provides more details
on this page
.
Will taking high school business courses positively affect my application?
Elective courses like business classes allow you to explore your interest and provide some variety in your coursework. That being said, taking a business-related course like accounting or business law does not factor into your admission decision. When it comes to an elective course versus an academic core course, we almost always prefer the academic core. For example, if you were deciding between an AP course and a business law course, we would encourage you to choose the course that will be more challenging and could lead to college credit through an AP exam score.
What about involvement in sports or community service compared to a business club or organization?
We want to see that you can balance your time and efforts both inside and outside the classroom. Involvement can include extracurricular activities at your school, part-time jobs, family commitments, community organizations, and more. They are not limited to something business-focused. Explore and invest in areas that are important to you.
Does it matter which Gies Business major I am specifically interested in?
All first-year students are admitted as Business Undeclared, whether or not they have a specific major already in mind. Therefore, a major-specific interest is not a factor in the admission decision.
When should I apply?
We highly recommend applying during the Early Action timeline; it is non-binding, so you are not required to attend if you are admitted.
Should I list a second choice major? Can I pick both my first choice and my second choice in Gies Business majors?
To be considered for direct admit to all Gies Business majors, you should apply to Business Undeclared as your first choice. If you are open to pursuing or starting in another academic area here at Illinois if Gies direct admit is not available to you, you should list a second choice major for additional consideration. Your notice of admission will indicate the major to which you were admitted. If you were admitted to a second choice major outside of Gies Business, you could apply to transfer into Gies at the end of your first year at Illinois through our
Intercollegiate Transfer process
.
How am I considered for honors programs and need-based or merit-based awards/scholarships?
Your application for admission also serves as your application for merit-based scholarships and honors programs. You do not need to submit any additional information for an initial honors review. You will be notified via email if you are eligible after admission decisions are released. Final honors decisions and scholarships will be awarded by April.
Admitted student FAQs
Have additional questions? Contact us at
admissions@business.illinois.edu
.
Who will help me with course registration and advising?
During New Student Registration, you will meet with a Gies academic advisor to discuss your initial academic plans. You also will receive ongoing personalized advising from your advisor to ensure you are aware of available opportunities and on track for graduation.
How can I explore majors and careers?
Attend your first Gies course, Business 101, which introduces you to the world of business. Your first two years will also include accountancy, finance, and other business core courses that will help you determine what you like and where you can excel.
Join a Registered Student Organization centered around a major or interest area.
Use our Career and Professional Development office resources to line up job shadows, attend leadership conferences, and research job positions and companies.
Network with alumni and employers at Gies Business Career Fairs and recruitment events.
Talk with other Gies students!
Can I pursue more than one major on campus? What about minors?
Double majors in Gies are very common. You might be able to pursue one major in Gies and one in another college/school on campus, depending on the program. Minors are always a possibility, too. Your academic advisor and your peers will be great resources as you explore all your options.
What if I need help with courses?
Your professors and teaching assistants for each class hold office hours and can provide individual help with homework or test preparation. Gies offers free peer tutoring for select core business courses, and tutoring is available across campus for classes such as economics, math, science, and writing. There is a lot of support here, so be sure to seek it out if you need it!
Is it possible to work while in college?
There are many opportunities to find work on or off campus. You could get a job in a research facility, your residence hall, the library, a dining hall, or an administrative office through
the student job board
.
What technology will I need?
A few considerations:
The university offers computer labs all over campus, which is really helpful! If possible, we also strongly recommend having a personal computer and the Microsoft Office Suite so you can take notes in class and work on homework or group projects anywhere. Once you are registered with the university, the software can be downloaded for free through
webstore.illinois.edu
. The College has no preference on which type of computer you have (PC or Mac).
For business and math courses, you will need a calculator; the specifics will be provided in class.
How does the campus keep students safe?
UIUC goes to great lengths to prioritize campus safety. Learn more on the
University Admissions web page
.
What health services are available?
McKinley Health Center is a nationally accredited, professional staffed ambulatory care clinic on campus. Physical and mental health services are available by appointment and through a 24-hour nurse consultation line. Gies also has a licensed mental health clinical counselor from the Counseling Center embedded in Gies to work with and support our students through time-limited individual counseling, outreach, and workshops. In the event of an emergency, severe illness, or injury, there are two excellent hospitals nearby: Carle and OSF Heart of Mary Medical Center.
Click here for more information
.
High school outreach
We offer high school presentations on our campus, your high school campus, or virtually. We have successfully partnered with high school counselors, teachers, club leaders, and college and career counselors to offer opportunities such as:
Information sessions regarding Gies business majors, minors, the application process, admissions criteria, and college life at Gies and UIUC
Q&A sessions for students to get their questions answered about opportunities and the application process for Gies and UIUC
Live panels with current Gies students and  alumni
Lessons and workshops on how to create a business plan or write a resume
Interactive presentations on how personality types apply to different business majors and career paths
Outreach Request Form
Presentations can be tailored to your students’ unique interests and range in length from minutes, to hours, to full-day programming.
Gies Business Office of Undergraduate Programs
1055 Business Instructional Facility
515 E. Gregory Drive | Champaign, IL 61820
Phone: 217-244-3890
admissions@business.illinois.edu