URL: https://giesbusiness.illinois.edu/undergraduate-hub/majors-and-minors
TITLE: Undergraduate Majors

Undergraduate Degrees
A great education is just the start.
You can get a great education at a lot of places – and Gies Business is no exception. But at Gies Business, you’ll also connect with opportunities, resources, and a community that can change your life.
Top 10
Public undergraduate business school in the nation
U.S. News & World Report
96%
Successful undergraduate outcomes
Illini Success Report
#3
Undergraduate business school in academic experience
Poets&Quants
Create your own path.
You don’t need to know what you want to major in right away. You’ll have two years to take classes and explore business majors before taking the next step.
Business Majors
BS in Accountancy
BS in Accountancy + Data Science
BS in Business + Data Science
BS in Finance
BS in Finance + Data Science
BS in Information Systems
BS in Management
BS in Marketing
BS in Operations Management
BS in Strategy, Innovation, & Entrepreneurship
BS in Supply Chain Management
Business Minors
Business Minor
(for non-business students)
Business Analytics Minor
The Hoeft Technology and Management Program
International Business Minor
Prepare for your future.
You’ll gain confidence as a professional and leader through unique learning opportunities.
Career Services
Participate in specialized advising, workshops, and recruitment events to turn your talent and passions into successful career paths.
Learn More
Cohort Sequence
Take part in a series of courses that expand your foundational business expertise while you develop a professional network.
Learn More
Experiential Learning
Contribute to a consulting project with real-world clients and gain practical experience that gives you a boost with future employers.
Learn More
team
Find your community.
We believe authenticity makes business better and difference drives innovation. Wherever you’ve come from and wherever you’re going – there’s a place for you at Gies Business.
Learn How to Apply
Plan a Campus Visit