URL: https://business.purdue.edu/undergraduate/current-students/undergraduate-advising-faqs.php
TITLE: Undergraduate Advising Frequently Asked Questions - Purdue Business

Skip to Content
The Bruce White Undergraduate Institute Header
School Website
The Bruce White Undergraduate Institute
Menu
Advising Frequently Asked Questions
Many helpful resources are available on your
myPurdue
portal. Log in to myPurdue using your Purdue username and BoilerKey. Once logged in, explore the tabs to access the resources outlined below and more.
Have a question not answered below?
Reach out to your academic advisor.
Additional Resources
Bursar’s Office FAQ
Financial Aid
Honors College
International Students and Scholars
Business Learning Communities
Parent and Family FAQ
Registrar’s Office (Course Registration FAQ)
Study Abroad FAQ
University Housing FAQ
Incoming Students
How do I know who my advisor is?
Once you complete the Purdue 101 module during All Aboard Purdue and set up your Purdue email, you will hear from the
Daniels School Advising Office
about who your advisor is and how to set up your first meeting with them. They will also be listed on your myPurduePlan and in BoilerConnect once the semester begins.
Will I get a schedule on the day we meet?
When you meet with your advisor, you will submit your schedule requests for the semester. Advisors will work with you to navigate prerequisites (needed courses before higher-level classes) and incoming credit (see below). Your official schedule with days, times and professors will be posted after course requests are closed. Communication from the Daniels School will be sent to all undergraduate students before schedules post. Please monitor your Purdue email.
How do AP/dual credit courses come in?
Explore AP/IB/Transfer Credit Information
Where is the advising office?
The advising office is located on the third floor of the
Krannert (KRAN) Building, room 352
.
Explore a map of campus
.
What else should I do after meeting with my advisor for All Aboard Purdue?
We recommend monitoring your Purdue email to stay on top of any tasks and information that will be helpful as you prepare to start your time as a Boilermaker! Purdue also provides a pre-arrival checklist with items to complete prior to starting the fall semester. You can access the list in
Brightspace
when it is released (typically early July).
Does the business school offer any programs to help students in their first semester?
The Daniels School and Purdue offer a variety of different opportunities to help students during their first year in college.
Business 101
is an online
Brightspace
module created by advisors to help students find information about campus organizations and resources.
If you are concerned about your academic transition to Purdue, talk with your advisor about enrolling in a study skills course your first semester. The Daniels School also offers a 1-credit hour course to help students adjust: e.g. MGMT 100, MGMT 197.
After Schedules Post
Can I make changes to the Course Request Form (CRF) after I have met with my advisor?
Yes, you can make changes before submitting your courses. However, please consult with your advisor before removing any core or required courses from your CRF. Students are ultimately responsible for knowing and completing degree requirements. For directions on how to make changes in the CRF,
review the Registrar's instructions
.
What is a registration hold?
A registration hold is placed on your account when you have an action item to complete. Some of the most common holds include the Emergency Contact hold, a survey or training hold, or if you have an outstanding balance with the bursar’s office.
View more information about why you have a registration hold.
Common Registration holds and how to resolve them:
How to Remove Emergency Contact Hold
How to Remove Financial Responsibility Hold
How to Remove Respect Boundaries Training Hold
How to Remove Immunizations Hold
What if I am missing a course?
If you do not get a seat in a desired course, you are welcome to join the waitlist of that course if a waitlist is available. Academic advisors cannot add students to full courses. You can also talk with your advisor about alternate courses to take.
How do I add a minor, concentration, or certificate?
You can discuss adding a minor or concentration with your advisor. They can add it to your official record. To see a full list of available majors/minors at Purdue:
Visit the
course catalog
Select
Undergraduate & Graduate Programs
,
Undergraduate Minors
or
Undergraduate Certificates
to explore program options
Working with an advisor
What does my advisor expect me to do?
Meet with Your Advisor
All Purdue students are required to meet with their assigned advisor
at least once per semester for registration
.
Schedule Your Appointment
You can schedule a meeting through
BoilerConnect
. Choose the appointment type that matches the discussion you want to have:
Registration:
Discuss next semester’s enrollment
Academic Concern:
Address issues related to your current semester courses
Review Academic Plan:
Consider adding or dropping majors, minors, or certificates within the business major.
Change of Major:
Thinking about switching to a major outside the School of Business
Cancelling or Rescheduling
Use BoilerConnect to cancel or reschedule your appointment, or contact your advisor via email.
Let your advisor know in advance if you cannot make your scheduled time.
Late arrivals (5+ minutes) count as a no-show
, and your advisor may ask you to reschedule.
Prepare for Your Appointment
Resolve any registration holds if your appointment is for registration.
Review your
myPurduePlan
and the course catalog and prepare a list of classes to discuss for the next semester.
Think about other topics you may want to discuss, like study abroad or internships, and include these in the comments section when scheduling your appointment.
Notify your advisor in the comments if you are considering adding a
dual major, minor, concentration or certificate
.
How often will I meet with my advisor?
Students can schedule additional appointments through
BoilerConnect
throughout the semester as needed.
What should I do if I am behind in my classes?
Purdue Counseling & Psychological Services (CAPS)
offers a guide for talking with your professors if you have fallen behind due to personal matters.
Learn how to get started
. You can also schedule an appointment to meet with your professor(s) or attend office hours to discuss strategies for getting caught up in the course.
Additionally, the
Academic Success Center
offers helpful resources including SI (Supplemental Instruction), study skills consultations and workshops on time management, improving note-taking and much more.
What is Supplemental Instruction (SI)?
Supplemental Instruction
is a series of group tutoring sessions led by another Purdue student who has completed the course with a high grade. There are SI sessions offered for business MAI courses (ECON 25100, MGMT 20000, MGMT 20100 and math). SI sessions are free, but you
must sign up
for a session through myPurdue/Brightspace.
Where can I find a list of tutors?
Access a full list of tutors through the
Academic Success Center
:
Find a Tutor
.
Can I get more testing time in class?
If you have a documented learning difference or would like to discuss evaluation, you can reach out to the
Disability Resource Center
. Additionally, if you are experiencing a temporary situation impacting your academics like a concussion, surgery or medical treatment, you can receive temporary accommodations through the DRC.
Can I switch my current class to P/NP?
Only students who are
sophomore standing or higher
completing a course for elective credit can take a course pass/no pass (P/NP).
The Daniels School does not permit any MGMT/ECON/OBHR course to be taken P/NP — even if the course is being taken for elective credit. For more information about the school's P/NP policy, review our
advising policies.
How do I drop a class?
Before dropping a class, talk with your advisor.
Follow these steps to drop a course:
Drop a Class
.
Mitch Daniels School of Business Footer