URL: https://business.purdue.edu/undergraduate/home.php
TITLE: Undergraduate Programs - Purdue Business

Skip to Content
The Bruce White Undergraduate Institute Header
School Website
The Bruce White Undergraduate Institute
Menu
Undergraduate Programs
Let's build the future of business.
The Mitch Daniels School of Business is shaping the next generation of leaders through data-driven, STEM-infused programs. Our Bruce White Undergraduate Institute offers hands-on experiential learning opportunities, cutting-edge curricula designed by top faculty at the forefront of business education, and an enhanced understanding of the connection between business, technology and society.
Apply Now
Visit Campus
Request Information
14
Years
straight of frozen tuition
#3
Public University in U.S. for Internships & Co-ops
U.S. News & World Report, 2025
Top
10
Most Innovative School in the U.S.
U.S. News & World Report, 2025
Business & You
Experiential Learning
Solve complex real-world business problems from day one. With 89% of our undergrads completing at least one internship or co-op, countless case competitions, and over 1,000 student organizations across Purdue, you'll gain the hands-on experience and confidence to leap beyond the classroom.
Career Success
Your journey as a Boilermaker doesn't end at graduation. Backed by dedicated career coaches and our powerful alumni network, 93% of business graduates are employed or accepted to graduate school within six months. Top employers include Amazon, Crowe, Charles Schwab, Lilly and Deloitte.
Tech + Business
Learn the language of innovation. Drawing on Purdue's 150+ year legacy, our data-driven classes integrate cutting-edge tech with opportunities to explore AI, data analytics and digital strategy to prepare you for the tech-driven economy.
Global Network
Join a vibrant, global network of 50,000+ business alumni and collaborate with peers from 99 countries. You'll build lasting connections that span industries, disciplines and international borders.
There are multiple ways to become a Boilermaker in business.
I'm a first-year student
I'm a transfer student
I'm a non-business Purdue student
Your Degree, Your Way
Every undergraduate major at the Daniels School is built on a foundation of rigorous data analysis, logical reasoning, critical thinking and sophisticated communication. Explore our programs and customizable options to find your perfect fit in business.
Accounting
Learn to turn financial data into strategic insight. Build a foundation for roles in auditing, tax, consulting or corporate finance.
Business Analytics and Information Management
Use data to drive smart business decisions. Gain the technical and analytical skills top employers demand.
Economics
Understand how markets work and business decisions are made. Prepare for careers in policy, consulting, finance or law.
Finance
Master the principles of investing, financial strategy and risk management. Launch a career in banking, investing or corporate finance.
General Management
Develop leadership and decision-making skills across business functions. Ideal for students seeking flexibility and broad expertise.
Integrated Business and Engineering
Combine business strategy with engineering thinking. Tackle complex problems and lead in tech-driven industries.
Marketing
Learn how to build brands, connect with customers and drive results. Perfect for creative thinkers with a strategic mindset.
Quantitative Business Economics
Blend economics, statistics and business tools to analyze data and predict trends. Great for careers in research, analytics and policy.
Supply Chain and Operations Management
Design and manage the systems that keep business moving. Focus on efficiency, logistics and global operations.
We believe the most powerful leaders are those who bring unique expertise to the table. That’s why we offer numerous ways to personalize your degree, deepen your knowledge and differentiate yourself.
Concentrations for Business Majors
: Dive deeper by adding a focus like international business, supply chain management or data analytics to your major.
Business Minors
: Specialize in high-demand fields like economics, marketing or real estate to refine your skills.
Combined Degree Pathways
: Accelerate your future with programs that allow you to earn both your bachelor’s and master’s degrees in less time.
Innovation & Entrepreneurship Certificate
: Develop the mindset and skills to launch new ventures, lead projects and drive organizational change.
Ready to show your Boilermaker spirit?
Take our short quiz to put your Purdue knowledge to the test
The Daniels
Experience
Your education at the Daniels School extends far beyond lectures and textbooks. You’ll apply what you learn through hands-on projects, collaborate with top faculty on groundbreaking research, and lead within Purdue's vibrant ecosystem of student organizations.
Expand your perspective by studying abroad, test your skills and build your network in case competitions with industry partners, and thrive in a student-centered business community focused on your future success.
Learn more about business student life at Purdue
“
Coming into Purdue, I knew there would be plenty of development opportunities, but truly there is consistent access to opportunity that allows students to thrive professionally and personally.
Sreeya Thirunagari
BS BAIM & Finance '26
Business Ambassador
Solve Real Business Problems
Case competitions are your chance to tackle real challenges from top companies. Collaborate with peers to analyze, strategize, and present innovative solutions to business leaders. It’s the perfect way to sharpen your thinking, build your resume, and immerse yourself in the Daniels School community.
Grow from Real-World Experience
Step into the professional world and apply your classroom knowledge. Through internships and co-ops, you’ll gain hands-on experience at leading companies, develop meaningful connections, and discover the right career path for you.
Grow from Real-World Experience
Step into the professional world and apply your business knowledge. Through internships and co-ops, you’ll gain hands-on experience at leading companies, build strong professional connections, and discover where your business Boilermaker journey will take you.
Create Impact through Collaboration
In the IBE+ID hackathon, business students merge strategy, engineering, and design to tackle a real-world business challenge from an industry partner. It’s just one example of how interdisciplinary collaboration at the Daniels School leads to impactful solutions and prepares you to lead in the future.
Mitch Daniels School of Business Footer