URL: https://business.purdue.edu/undergraduate/admissions/scholarships.php
TITLE: Scholarships - Purdue Business

Skip to Content
The Bruce White Undergraduate Institute Header
School Website
The Bruce White Undergraduate Institute
Menu
Business Scholarships
Purdue’s Daniels School of Business is committed to making high-quality business education affordable. The business school awards approximately $800,000 in scholarships each year to undergraduate students, made possible by the generosity of our alumni and friends.
All incoming undergraduate students will be evaluated for business school scholarships as long as they
apply by November 1
their senior year of high school. There is no separate application.
Scholarship recipients are selected by a scholarship committee that uses a holistic review of the student. Some scholarships may be given based on financial need as determined by the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). We encourage all students to
complete the FAFSA by December 15
in order to maximize consideration for all federal, state and institutional funds they may be eligible to receive.
GPA Requirements
While Purdue's general scholarship policy requires a minimum 2.65 GPA, all Daniels School scholarships require a
minimum 3.0 GPA
. Please note that many of our scholarships have even more competitive requirements, often mandating a higher requirement of a 3.2 or 3.5 GPA. If you received a Daniels School of Business Scholarship, communication has been sent on specific GPA expectations.
Apply by
November 1
to meet the Early Action application deadline
Get your admission decision Jan. 15. Merit scholarships and Honors College priority included. Applies to all incoming undergraduate business students. No separate application.
Notification Timeline
Students will learn about scholarships from the Daniels School in their financial aid package, sent out beginning in April. Information about other university scholarships may be in a student’s admission decision.
Your Next Step, Made Easier
Navigating financial aid doesn’t have to be overwhelming. The Purdue Division of Financial Aid offers guidance on FAFSA, submission portals, call center support and much more. Plus, the Daniels School of Business Undergraduate Recruiting Team is here to help you every step of the way.
Get FAFSA Support
Connect with Recruiters
Additional Scholarships
All undergraduate students who complete their application for admission by November 1 are automatically considered for university-wide merit scholarships.
To be considered for additional scholarships like Stamps Scholars or Beering Scholars, you can apply to the
John Martinson Honors College
when you apply to Purdue through the Common App.
In your application portal there is a Scholarship Universe portal, which may have supplemental Purdue scholarships matching a student and a list of outside scholarships.
“
My scholarship made a difference not only to my financial life but also in my outlook on myself. It meant the world to me to know that my school believed in me. You’re told you’re good enough by friends and family, but to hear it from your own institution brings such a confidence boost.
Abbie Griffiths
BS General Management & Marketing '23
Learn how your support creates scholarships and opportunities for Daniels School students
Mitch Daniels School of Business Footer