URL: https://business.purdue.edu/undergraduate/admissions/purdue-students.php
TITLE: Purdue Students - Purdue Business

Skip to Content
The Bruce White Undergraduate Institute Header
School Website
The Bruce White Undergraduate Institute
Menu
Business,
Your way
Thinking about exploring business on your Boilermaker journey? Adding a business major, second degree or minor from the Daniels School of Business can set you apart, expand your career options and give you an analytical advantage in the future.
Explore Business Majors
Meet with a Business Advisor
Start the CODO Process
Start Your Business Journey
If you're considering changing your major or adding one of our minors, we're here to help you explore your options and plan your next steps.
Discover Business Majors
Meet with a Business School Advisor
You don’t need to be a business major to take many Daniels courses.
Explore business course options
Switch to Business
Thinking of changing your major? You’ll need to complete the Change of Degree Objective (CODO) process. It's easier than you think and we're here to guide you every step of the way.
Learn About the CODO Process
Start Your Business Journey
If you're considering changing your major or adding one of our minors, we're here to help you explore your options and plan your next steps.
Discover Business Majors
Meet with a Business School Advisor
You don’t need to be a business major to take many Daniels courses.
Explore business course options
Add a Second Degree
Combine your passion with a business degree to boost your future opportunities. Dual degrees let you graduate with two majors from different Purdue schools at the same time. The request process also uses the CODO process, which begins with meeting your current advisor.
CODO & Dual Degree Overview
Earn a Business Minor
A minor from the Daniels School of Business can give you a competitive edge, no matter your major. Adding a business minor equips you with practical, in-demand skills in areas like finance, marketing, business analytics, management and more.
Explore Business Minors
“
I didn't see myself as a business student when I entered college, but after taking a few classes in the Daniels School, I realized how interested I was in the coursework and could tell that professors wanted to help students succeed.
Ava Leffel
BS Economics '26
Learn more about business student life
Meet with a Business Advisor
If you’re a
non-business student
with questions about declaring a Daniels School of Business major or exploring one of our
minors
, stop by during our weekday drop-in hours to meet with a business advisor.
Advising Office Location
KRAN (Krannert Building)
RM 352A - 3rd Floor
403 Mitch Daniels Blvd.
West Lafayette, IN 47907
Explore Purdue's West Lafayette campus map
Drop-In Advising Schedule
Fall and Spring:
Monday-Friday, 1:30-2:45 p.m.
Winter and Summer:
By email only:
businessadvising@purdue.edu
.
Are you a non-business student at Purdue in Indianapolis?
Mitch Daniels School of Business Footer