URL: https://business.purdue.edu/undergraduate/admissions/transfer-students.php
TITLE: Transfer Students - Purdue Business

Skip to Content
The Bruce White Undergraduate Institute Header
School Website
The Bruce White Undergraduate Institute
Menu
Transfer to
Purdue Business
Ready to take the next giant leap forward in your college journey? Transfer to Purdue and gain the skills, experience and opportunities that come with studying at the Mitch Daniels School of Business.
Start Your Application
Plan Your Visit
At Purdue’s Mitch Daniels School of Business, transfer students like you bring real momentum.
You’ll join a cutting-edge business school at one of the nation’s top STEM universities. Our data-driven, tech-infused programs are designed for students who want to lead, solve real problems and build the future of business.
To apply as a transfer student into the Daniels School of Business, you’ll need to:
Complete
12 or more credit hours
from another institution after graduating from high school
Have a grade of
B- or better
in a college-level calculus course
Complete Purdue’s minimum high school course requirements
Have a question? Reach out a
Daniels School recruiter
or
business advisor
for support.
Deadlines
Transfer students typically apply the semester before their desired start term.
Spring:
Sept 1 - November 1
Summer:
Jan 15 - April 1
Fall:
Jan 15 - June 1
Ivy Tech
&
Vincennes
students participating in the Transfer Single Articulation Pathways have additional requirements.
Learn more about TSAP
Transfer Single Articulation Pathways
Are you completing the TSAP Business Administration program at
Ivy Tech
or
Vincennes University
? Here’s what you need to know:
Complete your Associate of Science (TSAP) degree
Finish the
first 60 credit hours
of the TSAP Business Administration program at Ivy Tech or Vincennes
Achieve a minimum
3.0 cumulative GPA
Apply and be admitted to Purdue University’s Daniels School of Business to earn the Bachelor of Science (BS) Degree in Management
Students must complete the plan of study in their chosen major to earn a bachelor's of science degree
Talk to your current academic advisor to make sure you’re on track with required courses before applying.
Note:
The Daniels School’s Integrated Business and Engineering (IBE) program does not accept TSAP Business Administration program students.
Purdue Transfer Database
If you are interested in how your current courses transfer to Purdue you can use the
Purdue Transfer Credit Database
to search your current institution and courses. After admission, your transcripts must be sent to Credit Evaluation for review. Find more information on
transferring courses.
This information is for current students and might change. Once admitted to the Daniels School, your transcripts will be evaluated through the Credit Evaluation Office. You and your advisor will then review how your courses transferred to Purdue and what remaining courses you will need to complete your plan of study.
Your future in business starts here.
Start Your Application
Mitch Daniels School of Business Footer