URL: https://business.purdue.edu/undergraduate/admissions/faq.php
TITLE: Admissions FAQ - Purdue Business

Skip to Content
The Bruce White Undergraduate Institute Header
School Website
The Bruce White Undergraduate Institute
Menu
Admissions FAQ
Have questions about getting started at the Daniels School of Business? Whether you're a prospective first-year student, transferring from another college, or already at Purdue and considering a business major, we're here to help.
Prospective Students
– Not yet a Purdue student? Start here.
Transfer Students
– Applying from another college or university?
Purdue Students
– Already at Purdue and interested in changing your major?
Reach out to our recruitment team with questions.
What is the Daniels School’s admissions process?
All students who complete their application by November 1 will receive a decision from the Office of Admissions on January 15.
The Office of Admissions uses a holistic review process which includes GPA, rigor of the high school curriculum, ACT/SAT test scores, extracurricular involvement, and essays. Math and English grades are important. Calculus is a required course in our degree plans, and we encourage pre-calculus and calculus as good preparatory courses. Office of Admissions
course requirements.
Does the Daniels School have a direct admissions process?
Yes, students will apply to the Daniels School of Business and then directly to one of the nine majors.
Students are admitted into a pre-version of the major called Lower Division. Around 65 percent of incoming students each year are admitted into a pre-major/Lower Division: pre-accounting, pre-economics, etc. These students are required to complete the MAI (complete five core courses and earn at least a 3.0 GPA) in order to move into Upper Division. Specific requirements for each major can be found in the Plan of Study. Approximately 35% are admitted to Upper Division.
What is the difference between Upper Division and Lower Division?
Students admitted to Upper Division may begin taking 300/400 level courses as early as freshman year if they meet required pre-requisites.
Nearly all (more than 99%) of incoming students who start in Lower Division/a pre-major are able to move to Upper Division.
All business school students complete the same core courses required for graduation. The average time to degree completion is less than four years for all Daniels School of Business students.
How do I apply for business school scholarships?
Incoming students will be evaluated for scholarships as long as they apply by November 1 their senior year.
Log into Scholarship Universe through the application portal. This will match students to outside scholarships.
Does the Daniels School of Business offer learning communities?
Yes, there are three learning communities: Integrated Business and Engineering; Larsen Leaders Academy; and Women in Business.
Other communities that may be of interest to business students are: The Data Mine and Entrepreneurship and Innovation. Visit the Learning Communities website (
https://www.purdue.edu/learningcommunities/
) for more information. The deadline to apply for learning communities is
April 15th.
What are the business school's requirements for transfer students?
Minimum 3.5 GPA from all college coursework and a “B” or above in any college-level calculus course.
Integrated Business and Engineering is currently closed to transfer students.
Learn more about transferring to the Daniels School of Business.
How do my credits transfer?
The
Purdue Transfer Credit Course Equivalency Guide
can help you determine the Purdue equivalency for many courses. The university's
Office of the Registrar
evaluates transcripts and makes final decisions about how credits transfer to Purdue.
What is unique about the Daniels School?
The Mitch Daniels School of Business is creating the next generation of students ready to lead or found great companies and transform society. We are a STEM-focused school training innovative thinkers who will thrive at the intersection of business and technology. Data analytics is woven throughout the curriculum, and our students graduate understanding how to use data to make sound business decisions. Technology needs business to change the world. Our students and alumni harness communication skills, hands-on learning and technological excellence to turn new discoveries into societal change.
Does the school offer career prep and career fairs?
Yes, two combined degree programs are available. A MS in Human Resource Management requires only one additional semester of study and a one-year Master of Accounting Pathway Program prepares students to sit for the CPA exam. Learn more about
combined degrees
.
Does the Daniels School offer study abroad?
Yes! The Daniels School offers more than 100 approved study abroad programs all over the world. There is a program for every need: short-term programs, semester-long programs and even year-long opportunities.
Study abroad
is an integral part of a global business leader's professional and personal development.
Does the school offer a combined bachelor’s and master’s program?
Yes! Many high-achieving business school students earn combined degrees from the Daniels School. We offer an MS in Human Resource Management that requires only one additional semester of study, for example. We also offer a one-year Master of Accounting Pathway Program, which prepares students to sit for the CPA exam. Learn more about
combined degrees
.
Does the Daniels School offer summer camps for high school students?
Our on-campus
Empowering Women in Business
course is designed for young women who are rising juniors or seniors in high school. This exciting summer program for college credit introduces students to business principles and provides a glimpse of life as a Purdue Boilermaker.
Mitch Daniels School of Business Footer