URL: https://business.lehigh.edu/departments/decision-and-technology-analytics/programs/undergraduate-business-analytics-major
TITLE: Undergraduate Business Analytics Major | Lehigh Business

B.S. in Business and Economics
Decision and Technology Analytics (DATA)
Business Analytics (BUAN) Major
All College of Business students must complete the Core Curriculum, as well as the requirements for their major area of study.
The Business Analytics (BUAN) major prepares students with cutting-edge knowledge and skill sets that will enable them to be competitive in the rapidly growing field of business analytics, by focusing on using technological tools to extract, integrate, visualize, analyze, and interpret data to support business decision making. This program will provide students with a strong training in applied data and analytics skills which allow them to turn raw data into value for a business.
These skills can be applied in a broad range of functional areas and industries including management, marketing, operations, financial services, healthcare, and more. Career opportunities for BUAN majors include: business analyst, data analyst, research analyst, analytics consultants, risk analysts, and more.
Related special programs that augment the BUAN Curriculum
BIS Club - supports student engagement/networking with industry contacts and emerging technology trends
Business Analytics
Required for all Business Majors
BIS 111: Management Information Systems
Required for all Business Analytics Majors (4 courses)
BIS 324: Business Data Management
BUAN 348: Predictive Analytics in Business
BUAN 352: Business Analytics and Modelling
BUAN 357: Artificial Intelligence for Business
Business Analytics Electives (choose 2 courses)
BIS 335: Application Development for Business
BUAN 315: Introduction to Generative AI
BUAN 346: Python Applications for Business
BUAN 368: AI Strategy and Management
SCM 345: Analytical Approaches to Supply Chain Management
ACCT 330: Accounting Data and Analytics
ECO 301: Econometric Software
ECO 357: Econometrics
ECO 367: Applied Microeconometrics
MKT 325/ECO 325: Consumer Insights through Data Analysis 3
MKT 326: Marketing Analytics in a Digital Space
FIN 377: Lehigh’s Data Science for Finance
SCM 330: Analytics for Service Operations
For full descriptions of these courses,
link to catalog
.
Business Analytics (BUAN) vs. Business Information Systems (BIS)
Choosing between BUAN and BIS?
Read more here.
For more information, please contact
Professor Haoyan Sun
, director, at
has517@lehigh.edu
.