URL: https://business.lehigh.edu/undergraduate/minors/entrepreneurship
TITLE: Undergraduate Entrepreneurship Minor | Lehigh Business

Undergraduate Entrepreneurship Minor Overview
Whether you aim to be an entrepreneur or start a non-profit yourself or simply to become more innovative within existing emerging or established companies or non-profit enterprises, students in any major can supplement the major with a creative entrepreneurial mindset and skills that increase your ability to identify opportunities for innovation, to challenge the status quo in any field, and to implement sustainable change.
Lehigh's Minor in Entrepreneurship is designed to be accessible to students from all disciplines and emphasizes innovation, entrepreneurial thinking and creative processes, cross-functional integration, and hands-on experiential practice. The minor leverages the resources and support of the Baker Institute for Entrepreneurship, Creativity, and Innovation, as well as a broad array of related programs and infrastructure across the university.
We encourage participation by students interested in all types of entrepreneurship, including business and technical entrepreneurship but also not-for-profit contexts aiming for social, cultural and environmental change. Throughout the multi-disciplinary, team-based curriculum, students are encouraged to work either on their own entrepreneurial or non-profit pursuits, projects related to Lehigh University intellectual property, or on ideas brought in by outside entrepreneurs or change advocates.
Requirements*
Prerequisite Course
ECO 001: Principles of Economics
1
Required Courses
ENTP 101: Introduction to Entrepreneurship (required) [3 credits]
Select at least 6 credit hours in other ENTP courses
2
[6 credits]
Select at least one (minimum 3 credit hours) of the following experiential Capstone courses:
3
[3 credits]
ENTP/MGT 311: The Garage: Launching Entrepreneurial Ventures I
ENTP/MGT 312: The Garage: Launching Entrepreneurial Ventures II
ENTP/CSB 304: Technology and Software Ventures
ENTP 307: International Social Entrepreneurship
ENTP/POLS 310: Social Entrepreneurship: How to Change the World
IBE 380: Integrated Business and Engineering Capstone Project I
IBE 385: Integrated Business and Engineering Capstone Project II
CSB 312: Design of Integrated Business Applications I
CSB 313: Design of Integrated Business Applications II
ME/BIOE/MAT 211: Capstone Design Project I
ME/BIOE/MAT 212: Capstone Design Project II
Other independent experiential project approved by the minor director
Total Credits: 12
1 ECO 001 Principles of Economics (4 credit hours) must be completed prior to enrolling in the minor. Students may enroll in ENTP 101 without ECO 001, but may not sign up for the minor until completing ECO 001.
2 Or alternatives approved by the minor director in consultation with the student.
3 Or alternatives approved by the minor director.
Students must complete the minor with an average GPA of at least 2.0 in those courses to qualify.
Only one course may overlap with the student's major. Students pursuing multiple majors cannot overlap more than one course, regardless of the number of majors declared.
Courses taught and/or cross-listed in the College of Business  do not count as non-business courses. Additionally, ENTP 315  and ENTP 371 do not count as non-business courses.
*The content in this section is from the Lehigh University course catalog. To review more detail about the requirements, please
visit the course catalog
.
For more information, contact:
Andreea Kiss
Director, Entrepreneurship Minor
Declare an Entrepreneurship Minor
View the Form
Baker Institute for Entrepreneurship, Creativity and Innovation
The Baker Institute for Entrepreneurship, Creativity and Innovation
serves as a hub for entrepreneurial activity at Lehigh by supporting the university's existing nationally recognized cross-disciplinary programs, while creating resources and infrastructure to support the related activities of academic departments and programs across Lehigh's four colleges.