URL: https://business.lehigh.edu/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate | Lehigh Business

Undergraduate
Your undergraduate experience at Lehigh Business will be one of demanding academics, experiential learning, renowned instruction and personal transformation. You’ll receive a top-ranked business education uniquely configured for our digitally and globally driven marketplace. Whether you choose one major or two, in business or across colleges, your opportunities to pursue your interests and build your base of knowledge are virtually unlimited.
Degree Programs
B.S. Business & Economics
B.S. Computer Science & Business (CSB)
B.S. Integrated Business & Engineering (IBE)
B.S. Integrated Business & Health (IBH)
Majors
Accounting
Business Analytics
Business Information Systems
Economics
Finance
Management
Marketing
Supply Chain Management
Minors
Business
Business Information Systems
Economics
Entrepreneurship
Management
Marketing
Real Estate
Supply Chain Management
Certificates
International Business
Visit Lehigh Business
Experience the difference Lehigh can make to your personal growth and career trajectory.
Schedule Undergraduate Visit
Attend a Business Info Session
Take a Virtual Tour
New Core Curriculum for Career Success
Lehigh Business places a strong emphasis on the skills employers covet most with three new multi-course sequences on analytics/programming, communications and leadership.
~1,800
Undergrads as of Spring 2025
#34
in Poets&Quants "Best Undergraduate Business Schools of 2026"
4-year
Professional academic advising
Undergraduate Student Outcomes
Lehigh Business students are prepared for post-graduate success.
Learn More
Financial Aid
See how the Office of Financial Aid helps provide access to a Lehigh education.
Residence Life
Learn about Lehigh living environments, including unique theme housing options.
Current Students
Connect to services, events, activities, resources and special opportunities.
Apply Now
Join an academic community of explorers and scholars looking to lead the world.
Start Your Application
Entrepreneurship
Western Regional Office
Leverage Lehigh's presence in the San Francisco Bay Area to connect with the next generation of idea makers.
Learn More
Startup Academy
Immerse yourself in the entrepreneurial process by interning with a start-up.
Learn More
Undergraduate Opportunities
Challenge the status quo and your own creative mindset with a minor in Entrepreneurship.
Learn More
International Opportunities
Studying abroad is a life-changing experience that helps you gain critical global perspective. Lehigh Business offers a variety of options for developing your international business skills over the course of a semester, a summer, the winter break or through exchange programs.
Learn More
Experiential Learning
A Lehigh Business education is a multifaceted experience that goes beyond the classroom to reinforce key learning and develop new skills. Students apply their academic learnings to issues at real-world companies, taking the initiative, making decisions and learning from the results. Through a variety of business clubs, events and professional development opportunities, Lehigh Business stimulates academic inquiry, career development, leadership, networking, and other professional and intellectual skills.
Learn more
Upcoming Events
Wednesday, May 6
MS, Financial Engineering Virtual Information Session
Learn More
Thursday, May 21
Online/Part-Time MBA Student Panel
Learn More
View More Events
Admissions Information
Learn more about our students, our job placement success and life at Lehigh. You can explore tuition and financial aid, find your admissions counselor, and review our application process, requirements and deadlines.
Learn More About Lehigh Admissions
View our Lehigh Business Brochure
Find Your Admissions Counselor
Undergraduate Dean's Advisory Council
The council bridges Undergraduate Programs to the young alumni experience.
Learn More
Contact Us
Find a faculty or staff member.
Directory