URL: https://business.lehigh.edu/undergraduate/minors/business
TITLE: Business Minor | Lehigh Business

For Students Enrolled In
College of Arts and Sciences
P.C. Rossin College of Engineering & Applied Science
College of Health
IDEAS
Purpose
To provide non-business students with the knowledge and skills which will allow them to make more informed business decisions
To enable non-business students to supplement their major studies with the business tools that are attractive to employers
Program of Study
Prerequisite: ECO 1 - Principles of Economics (4 cr.) - must be completed prior to applying to the program
15 credit hours
Note: THE BUSINESS MINOR PROGRAM IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR A BUSINESS DEGREE. It is a supplement to students' major studies outside their college.
Download the Business Minor Flyer
Download Your Copy
Business Minor Courses*
ACCT 108: Fundamentals of Accounting (3 cr.)
FIN 001: Fundamentals of Finance (3 cr.)
MGT 117: Organizational Behavior & Strategic Management (3 cr.)
MKT 111: Principles of Marketing (3 cr.)
SCM 186: Supply Chain Operations Management (3 cr.)
*for those declaring to enroll for fall 2026
Program Admission
A maximum number of students are admitted each year.
Spring application for admittance the following fall semester
All applications are due by Friday, March 6, 2026.
To apply, complete the
application form
and have copies of the following two documents ready and available to upload with your application:
Application Essay
: This essay is a statement, one page, single or double-spaced, 12 pt. font, with the following information:
What is your interest in pursuing business opportunities upon graduation from Lehigh University?
How will the business minor enable you to pursue those interests?
Resume
: Current Resume
Pending final approval, students declared in the business minor program will be billed an annual fee of $60 each fall semester. The program fee allows business minor students to access professional development programs through the College of Business beginning with the fall 2026 term.
Ready to Apply?
Fill out the application form today.
Apply Now
Contact
Questions regarding the business minor application or application process may be directed to the College of Business Undergraduate Office at
businessundergrad@lehigh.edu
.