URL: https://business.lehigh.edu/undergraduate/2024-global-business-immersion
TITLE: 2024 Global Business Immersion | Lehigh Business

Program Overview
Vietnam
Participants in this program will have the opportunity to strengthen their global perspectives by experiencing two dynamic markets within Southeast Asia.
This year, our visits will focus on the two centers of commerce and influence in Vietnam: Hanoi and then Ho Chi Minh. Vietnam is a country that is rapidly emerging on the world stage yet remains deeply embedded within its rich and complex cultural heritage.
Over the course of two weeks, students will interact with individuals such as key business stakeholders, business owners, business executives, and government officials. The goal of the trip is to integrate global academic concepts learned in the classroom with the realities and functioning of business in these international markets.
This business elective course is part of Lehigh’s Global Initiative within the College of Business.
Itinerary
This trip will take place January 6-19, 2024.
Arrive in Hanoi, on January 7
January 7-12: Hanoi
January 12-13: Travel and visit to Ha Long Bay
January 13: Depart Hanoi arriving in Ho Chi
January 13-19: Ho Chi Minh
January 18: Depart Ho Chi Minh
More information on hotels; transportation; company visits; cultural/group events will be made available over the coming weeks.
View a sample itinerary
(tentative and subject to revision/change).
How to Apply
To apply, complete this brief application. It should only take a few minutes.
Apply Now
Additional Application Information
Participants are selected via a competitive application process.
Students may be invited for an interview (conducted on a rolling basis) as part of this selection process.
Only students that have submitted a complete application form will be considered.
Deadline: Monday, October 02, 2023.
Early applications are encouraged as space is limited!
Students will be notified of their acceptance late October, 2023.
Students on a Global Immersion trip
Eligibility
Prerequisites
Open to College of Business students with good academic standing - including IBE, CSB, and CAS students majoring in either economics or the joint International Relations and Economics Program.
Must have either senior standing in the Spring 2024 semester.
Participants must comply with all entry requirements as stipulated by the government of Vietnam with respect to COVID-19 vaccination and testing.
Program Fee
The $3,450 (approximately) fee includes: hotel accommodation (based on 2 sharing, includes breakfast & wifi) in Vietnam; local transportation to company visits; cultural excursions outlined on the itinerary, and some meals.
Students selected into the program are required to secure their own air transportation to and from Vietnam. Internal flights from Hanoi to Ho Chi Minh will are included in the program fee. Specific guidance regarding suggested flight itineraries will be provided once a student has been accepted into the program.
Students must arrive to Hanoi no later than 07 January and stay through 18 January.
A mandatory $50 study abroad iSOS registration fee will be charged to your Bursar account once you have a confirmed place on the trip.
Students will be responsible for organizing and any costs associated with visas (see information below).
Students will be asked to consult with their health care provider regarding recommended vaccinations and tests necessary for travel to Singapore and Vietnam. They will be responsible for organizing and any costs associated with any such vaccinations and testing prior to departure.
Passport
Due to lengthy delays obtaining US Passports, all applicants must have a valid US Passport at time of application.
Visas
US Citizens:
You are required to have a valid passport whose expiration date is at least six months beyond return date.
You are required to obtain a VISA to travel to Vietnam—information pertaining to obtaining the visa will be provided to the program participants.
Important Information for Non-US Citizens Wishing to Apply:
In addition to the passport requirement stated above, non-U.S. citizens wishing to apply for the Global Business Immersion program will need to submit proof that their F1 visa or J1 visa and I-20 or DS2019 are valid beyond the return date to the U.S. from this trip.
Non-U.S. citizens will be responsible for arranging their visas and any costs associated with the visa application. You can check any visa requirements based on your citizenship at the relevant Embassy.
Vaccinations
Students should refer to
St. Luke's Travel Clinic
to consult about recommended vaccinations for travel to Singapore and Vietnam. The University Health Center DOES NOT administer any of the recommended vaccines.
Financial Support
Limited financial support is available to students who demonstrate financial need.
Students may also be eligible to apply for a Student Loan.
Program Leader
Douglas Mahony
Associate Professor of Management
610-758-4935