URL: https://business.lehigh.edu/undergraduate/international-opportunities
TITLE: Undergraduate International Opportunities | Lehigh Business

Globalization creates an unprecedented demand for business professionals and world-wide leaders who are prepared to understand global business issues and navigate their associated challenges. The College of Business offers you a variety of options to develop your global perspective, international business skills, and the ability to communicate more effectively with those from cultures other than your own.
There is no defined “best way” to attain an international experience while an undergraduate at Lehigh. Depending on your personal and academic goals, you have flexibility in your choices. There are many ways to enhance your global business perspective. Students work with their academic advisors to identify and select one or more experiences that fit their individual circumstances. Many students choose one or more of the following options.
Semester-Long Study Abroad
Through the Study Abroad Office, students identify and enroll in a semester-long international experience. With over 60 Lehigh-approved programs in over 50 countries, there is a program to fit every major, most schedules, and varied interest areas.
+ Learn More
Martindale Student Associates Program
A select group of Lehigh juniors and seniors travel abroad to explore global business and economic issues. The 15-month program is fully funded. Students are tasked with conducting group and individual research, and with writing top class academic articles pertaining to the economy and public policy of our country of study for publication as a volume of the Martindale undergraduate research journal, Perspectives on Business and Economics.
+ Learn More
Tauck Scholars Program
Tauck Scholars Program, an international internship scholarship program offers business students scholarships for international summer internships and other learning opportunities.
Tauck Scholars apply their award to an eligible summer abroad internship experience. Recent program choices for scholars include matched internship placements through Lehigh CSB in Barcelona and Lehigh in Milan.
+ Learn More
Iacocca International Internships
The new internship program provides an array of international work experiences for Lehigh students that includes international co-ops, research experiences, and internships or cohort internships, which are led by a Lehigh faculty member that matches Lehigh students with their peers from another country to work as a team on a common problem facing a multinational corporation.
+ Learn More
Summer and Winter Programs
Lehigh faculty lead various programs during the summer and winter breaks. Current Lehigh faculty-led summer programs for Business include Lehigh in Belgium (Leuven), Lehigh in Ireland (Galway), Lehigh in Milan, Lehigh CSB in Barcelona. A winter program for January 2024 engaged students to learn about real estate development in Dublin, Ireland.
+ Learn More
MGT 390: Global Business Immersion
Participants have the opportunity to travel overseas and learn about business in a global setting. While abroad, students will interact with business owners, executives, government officials, and other key business stakeholders. The goal is to integrate global academic concepts learned in the classroom with the realities and functioning of business overseas. Students are invited to participate by program leader(s) through an application and interview process.
+ Learn More
International Business Certificate
Complete the 12-credit International Business certificate alongside your degree program. Students gain a global mindset allowing them to not only recognize and analyze important differences that occur when doing business internationally, but also have the ability to implement the proper tactics and strategies for dealing with these differences
+Learn More
Global Citizenship, Engineers Without Borders
Students participate in these multidisciplinary programs that explore solutions to real-world global issues. International Relations Minor is an option offered by Lehigh’s College of Arts and Sciences. Business students can pursue this course of study in conjunction with their business majors.
+ Learn More
Important Resources
Lehigh University Study Abroad Office
Lehigh University Office of International Affairs