URL: https://business.lehigh.edu/undergraduate/degree-programs
TITLE: Undergraduate Degree Programs Overview | Lehigh Business

Lehigh’s College of Business offers students the flexibility of three different undergraduate degrees in business. While each degree has a unique focus, all share a
curriculum
that’s the Lehigh difference – a rigorous business core curriculum, options to personalize specializations, and exposure to courses beyond business to build skills and perspective.
Bachelor of Science in Business and Economics
The Bachelor of Science in Business and Economics is the largest undergraduate business degree program with approximately 1260 undergraduates enrolled.
The degree provides balanced exposure to a solid business core, a minimum of one major area of specialization, and courses beyond business including 15 credits distributed across ways of knowing in the liberal arts and sciences, i.e., social sciences, humanities, and natural sciences.  Students may major in up to two major areas.
In addition, B.S. in Business and Economics students also have the option of pursuing minors and/or dual degrees across Lehigh colleges. Dual degrees require careful planning and approval. For more information about dual degrees, please see the Lehigh University Catalog.
+ Learn More
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Business
The Computer Science and Business Program (CSB) integrates computing technologies and business topics at an unprecedented level. Offered as an interdisciplinary degree by the College of Business and the P.C. Rossin College of Engineering and Applied Science, the CSB program is the only one of its kind to be accredited in both computer science and business.
+ Learn More
Bachelor of Science in Integrated Business and Engineering
The Integrated Business and Engineering (IBE) Honors Program is an interdisciplinary program offered jointly between the College of Business and the P.C. Rossin College of Engineering and Applied Science. The IBE program designed to provide students with a fundamental understanding of business, technology and how they fit together, with a focus on product development and entrepreneurship. Admission to the Integrated Business and Engineering Honors Program is highly selective, with annual admission limited to approximately 50 students.
+ Learn More
Bachelor of Science in Integrated Business and Health
The inter-college interdisciplinary program in Business and Health, Integrated Business and Health (IBH), trains students to become leaders in the health industry by developing an understanding of the core principles of business alongside an in-depth knowledge of health economics and policy. IBH offers undergraduate students interested in the health and healthcare industries the opportunity to combine knowledge and skills gained through the core curriculum offered by the College of Business with in-depth, interdisciplinary training in health economics, health policy and community health offered by the College of Health.
+ Learn More