URL: https://business.lehigh.edu/undergraduate/entrepreneurship
TITLE: Undergraduate Entrepreneurship | Lehigh Business

Lehigh University College of Business offers a variety of entrepreneurial opportunities for undergraduate students.
Entrepreneurship and Innovation Track of the Management Major
This track prepares students to launch new and/or innovative solutions for markets and firms, and develops an entrepreneurial mindset. The Management major introduces management principles, theories, and experiences to students who want careers in management; who want to be leaders in organizations, small or large, private or public, for profit or nonprofit. The Entrepreneurship and Innovation track of the Management major is designed to give students the knowledge and abilities required to embark on an Entrepreneurship and Innovation trajectory emphasizing the development of skills in diagnosing business problems, formulating innovative solutions for markets and firms, and effectively communicating recommendations.
Learn more about this
track of the Management Major
here or contact Luiba Belkin,
lyb207@lehigh.edu
, Director of the Management Major program.
Entrepreneurship Minor
Lehigh's Minor in Entrepreneurship is designed to be accessible to students from all disciplines and emphasizes innovation, entrepreneurial thinking and creative processes, cross-functional integration, and hands-on experiential practice.
Learn more
.
Startup Academy
In collaboration with
Lehigh West
, Lehigh Business presents
Startup Academy
, a unique, 10-week summer internship program that gives students the opportunity to immerse themselves in the innovation ecosystem of San Francisco, interning with early- to mid- stage startups while developing their entrepreneurial mindsets and skill-sets.
“I would definitely recommend this program to other students because it's such a unique and incredible opportunity to spend the summer in a city not on the east coast while working for startup companies rather than large firms. It's a step away from the path that many other students take for their summer internships, and I think it's a good eye-opener to the other opportunities available post-graduation.”
– Startup Academy 2018 intern
For more information, please
visit the program webpage
.
Baker Institute for Entrepreneurship, Creativity and Innovation
The Baker Institute for Entrepreneurship, Creativity and Innovation
serves as a hub for entrepreneurial activity at Lehigh by supporting the university's existing nationally recognized cross-disciplinary programs, while creating resources and infrastructure to support the related activities of academic departments and programs across Lehigh's colleges.
Baker Institute Programs
The Hatchery
EUREKA! Student Venture Program
LehighSiliconValley
Design Thinking
Learn more about the Baker Institute and their program offerings by visiting
their website
.