URL: https://miamioh.edu/visit-miami/bridges-program
TITLE: Bridges Program for Visiting High School Students

Bridges Program
The Bridges Program application will open in July. Check back later for more details.
Apply
About the Bridges Program
Miami University is proud to present the Bridges Program, which was founded 40 years ago by Black students who wanted a Miami degree to be more accessible to students and to ensure that their experiences here would be rewarding. The Bridges Program is an engaging experience that provides an inside look at Miami University to prospective first-generation students or students with demonstrated financial need, allowing them to engage with our current students, faculty, and staff.
Scholarship Information
Students who complete the Bridges Program, apply to Miami University, are accepted, and enroll on the Oxford campus for fall 2026 will be eligible to receive the Bridges Program scholarship. Last year, Bridges scholarship values ranged from $2,500 to $5,000 annually. Students can "stack" this scholarship with other Miami awards, which means multiple scholarships can be used for student expenses. In fact, most Bridges participants receive multiple awards, for total values ranging from half to full tuition.
Learn More with Our FAQs
2025 Bridges Program Dates
Students should choose one session to attend (to be declared on the application). Round-trip transportation will be provided from select cities, and airports for the sessions below.
Session 1
:
Oct. 26-27
(Akron and Columbus)
Session 2
:
Nov. 2-3
(Chillicothe, Cincinnati, and Toledo)
Session 3
:
Nov. 9-10
(Cleveland and Dayton)
Session 4
:
Nov. 16-17
(Out-of-state via Cincinnati and Dayton airports)
Application
Students accepted to the Bridges Program usually meet the following application criteria:
High school students graduating in 2026
Minimum of 3.00 GPA on a 4.00 scale or top 25% of graduating class
Rigorous curriculum
Demonstrated leadership/co-curricular involvement
Test scores (PLAN, ACT, SAT, PSAT) are NOT required
For additional information about the application process, Bridges Program Scholarships, Transportation, and more, please visit the
Application FAQs
.