URL: https://miamioh.edu/visit-miami/summer-scholars
TITLE: Summer Scholars Program | Week-Long Oxford Campus Visit

Summer Scholars Program
The Summer Scholars Program is a selective, week-long summer experience for academically talented high school students who will be juniors or seniors the following fall.
The curriculum for this program is built for active learners. Students dive deeply into a specific academic topic, participate in lively discussions and hands-on projects, and forge connections with Miami faculty and peers.
Apply for the 2026 Summer Scholars Program
Summer Scholars 2026
The application for the 2026 Summer Scholars Program is
now open
. Academically talented students should submit their application by the May 1 deadline. Program admission decisions will be released on a rolling basis beginning in April.
The 2026 program takes place over two sessions. Please visit the session links to see the list of available course modules:
Session 1: Sunday, July 5 - Friday, July 10
Session 2: Sunday, July 12 - Friday, July 17
View the
Summer Scholars photo story
from a prior year for a peek into this campus experience.
Contact
SummerScholars@MiamiOH.edu
for questions about the program.
Gain the Advantage
Gain a significant advantage in the college admission process by attending valuable seminars with admission experts.
As a Summer Scholar alumnus, when you apply for undergraduate admission to Miami, your application fee is waived and you'll receive priority consideration for admission and selective programs.
Engage
Dive deeply into a specific academic topic, engage in hands-on learning activities, and forge relationships with influential Miami faculty members and experienced professionals in your field of interest, while making
friends with other high school students in an ideal college environment.
Application
To be considered for the Summer Scholars Program, you must
complete an application
by May 1.
You will be asked to submit a 200- to 300-word statement about your interest in the program.
Your
high school counselor
must send the following items:
High School transcript (including the current-year schedule)
Letter of recommendation
Record of any college aptitude test (Pre-ACT, PSAT, ACT, SAT). Test scores are optional.
If English is not your native language, please submit your TOEFL scores or a letter from your English teacher certifying your English language skills. For non-native English speakers, either a college aptitude test score or certification of English language skills is required, not both.
These items may be uploaded electronically via the application or sent to:
Summer Scholars Program
Office of Admission
Miami University
301 S. Campus Ave.
Oxford, OH 45056
Eligibility
To be eligible for the Summer Scholars Program, you must:
Complete your sophomore or junior year of high school by June 30 of the year you would attend Summer Scholars and not graduate from high school before the following January.
Demonstrate strong academic ability in a challenging curriculum. Students typically have a high school grade point average of 3.5 on a 4.0 scale.
Summer Scholars Program Fees
Enrollment Fee (due at time of confirmation) - $350
Program Fee* - $730
Total cost - Enrollment Fee + Program Fee = $1,080
*The total program fee is all-inclusive and covers the cost of all instruction fees and materials, housing and meals (two-person occupancy, all meals included), and daily scheduled activities. Please note, that this does not include personal transportation to and from Oxford, Ohio.
There are a limited number of need-based financial scholarships available for students to attend this program. Students who wish to be considered for need-based financial aid must submit verification of eligibility for free/reduced school lunch along with your counselor's recommendation.
For High School Guidance Counselors
High school counselors should submit the following items for any students who apply for the Summer Scholars Program:
High school transcript (including current year schedule)
Letter of recommendation
Record of any college aptitude test (PLAN, PSAT, ACT, SAT). This information can be included on the high school transcript (test scores are optional.)
If English is not a student's native language, please submit TOEFL scores or a letter from the student's English teacher certifying English language skills. For non-native English speakers, either a college aptitude test score or certification of English language skills is required, not both.
For students who want to be considered for need-based financial aid, please submit verification of eligibility for free and reduced school lunch.
These items may be uploaded electronically via the application or sent to:
Summer Scholars Program
Office of Admission
Miami University
301 S. Campus Ave.
Oxford, OH 45056