URL: https://jindal.utdallas.edu/accounting/bs-accounting
TITLE: Bachelor of Science in Accounting  | Naveen Jindal School of Management

Start an Application
Contact us
Professional Program in Accounting
The PPA begins junior year and continues through the master’s program. It’s designed for a smooth transition from Bachelors degree to the completion of a master’s degree.
More information about PPA
Internships and Networking
We offer opportunities to connect with accounting professionals, and we have a curriculum that prepares students for the required internship at an accounting firm or corporate accounting department.
Learn more about Internships
Fast-Track to a Master’s Degree
Students who choose the fast-track may take 1 to 2 graduate courses.
The academic credits earned count toward both the undergraduate and master’s degrees.
Fast-track information
High-Demand Accounting Jobs
The Jindal School’s undergraduate accounting program is uniquely tailored for students who want to become Certified Public Accountants (CPAs). Students can trust our program to build a foundation for prosperity in any accounting career track.
The BS in Accounting program at UT Dallas equips students with competitive business skills that prepare them for graduate coursework and accounting careers, including:
Creating financial reports for businesses, nonprofits and government organizations
Performing external audits of both public and private companies’ financial reports
Analyzing financial reports for market studies and to support investment decisions
Conducting internal audits to improve organizational efficiency and detect fraud
Prepare for an Accounting Career
Apply for Scholarships
The Jindal School awards scholarships to competitive, new incoming students admitted in the fall and spring and current students just prior to each fall.
Apply Now
Upcoming Events
Van Dam, Assistant Director, Undergraduate Accounting
Ask a Question
|
(972) 883-2703
|
JSOM 4.215
The BS in Accounting program at the Jindal School prepares students for careers in public accounting, corporate accounting, government accounting and nonprofit organizations.
In addition to building tangible professional skills, the program promotes ethical awareness, enhances communication and networking abilities and introduces regulatory compliance.
Accounting is the language of business, and the Jindal School program offers a well-balanced educational experience that emphasizes fundamentals as well as practical application. With a BS in Accounting degree from UT Dallas, you can build the educational cornerstone that will help you become a leader in the accounting profession.
Would you like more information about this program?
Request Information
We would like to send you more details about the Bachelor of Science in Accounting.
Request for Information
Contact Information