URL: https://jindal.utdallas.edu/faq
TITLE: Academic Culture - DMHP FAQ - Naveen Jindal School of Management  | The University of Texas at Dallas

Top Questions
What is the required TOEFL or IELTS score?
For all international applicants, an official English proficiency exam score of no more than two years from the date of application from one of three testing services is required. We accept the TOEFL (minimum 80 IBT), IELTS (minimum 6.5), and the Pearson Test of English (PTE, minimum 67). Our
institutional TOEFL code is 6897
.
What is the school code for submitting my GMAT or GRE score?
Our GRE school code is R6897.
Can I waive my TOEFL?
You have met the English proficiency requirement, and do not need to submit an English proficiency exam for admission, if:
Your native country’s primary language is English.
View a list of countries that are excused from the English proficiency requirement through this page
or
Your bachelor’s or master’s degree (or its equivalent) was earned through instruction and examination in English
I have a degree from a US university. Do I need to submit a TOEFL score?
No. International applicants who have completed an undergraduate or graduate degree from a college or university in the United States are waived from the English proficiency requirement.
What is the required GPA for graduate admission?
The applicant’s cumulative GPA will be used as a part of the admission committee’s review to determine the competitiveness of admission. Currently, the average admitted GPA is a 3.3.
What are the required official documents for admission?
Local applicants must submit official transcripts from all US-based colleges and universities attended, including any graduate program in which the applicant was enrolled for admission. These transcripts must be certified, signed or stamped official by the university’s Registrar Office.
International applicants and US citizen and permanent resident applicants with an international degree must submit an official attested photocopy of academic documents such as a transcript, diploma, mark sheets, provisional degree certificate and or your final degree certificate, in a school-sealed envelope with the school seal stamped on the back side of the envelope.
Overall, applicants must provide the following documents:
Official transcripts from all colleges/universities attended
Degree certificate, if applicable (international students)
GMAT or GRE and TOEFL or IELTS scores from testing centers
One letter of recommendation (no specific format)
Personal objectives statement
Résumé
Note: If your Résumé, recommendation letters and personal objective statement are not electronically submitted with your application or mailed in with your transcripts, please email these documents to
JSOMGRAdvising@utdallas.edu
for review. Please include your application ID with your email.
Can I send unofficial documents for admission decision?
Yes. Once admitted and prior to enrollment, you would need to provide official documents.
What is the application deadline?
Fall Deadline: May 1
Spring Deadline: October 1
Summer Deadline: March 1
Late applications will be accepted up to the day prior to classes beginning
https://www.utdallas.edu/academiccalendar/
.
Is there any scholarship or financial aid available?
Yes, for available scholarships at Jindal School of Management, please visit the scholarship page:
https://jindal.utdallas.edu/student-resources/scholarships/
UT Dallas also provides scholarships. Please visit UT Dallas office of financial aid for more information:
https://finaid.utdallas.edu/scholarships/
Is a GMAT or GRE score required to apply?
A GMAT/GRE score is not required, and students have the option to submit a test score if desired. A GRE/GMAT test score will only be used for admission purposes if one is provided by the applicant.
To indicate where the official GMAT score should be sent, please follow the list of GMAT program codes or, if submitting the GRE, use our GRE School Code, R6897. (No program code is needed.)
What is the email address for scholarship questions?
You may contact the JSOM office of scholarships via:
For undergraduate:
jsom-ug-scholarship@utdallas.edu
For graduate scholarship:
jsom-grad-scholarship@utdallas.edu
What is the guaranteed tuition?
UT Dallas offers two different tuition plans. The variable tuition rate plan is based on a traditional plan that only locks tuition rates in for one academic year at a time. The rates on the variable tuition plan are subject to change each academic year.
The guaranteed tuition plan is a plan that locks tuition rates in for four consecutive years and protects the student against increases during those four years. This plan is designed to aid students and families in budgeting and planning college expenses.
All new incoming students will be automatically placed into the variable tuition rate plan but will have the option to lock in their tuition rates for four consecutive years with the guaranteed tuition plan.
To make your tuition plan choice, please follow these instructions on this page
https://bursar.utdallas.edu/tuition/tuition-plans-rates/
Is Calculus a prerequisite for my program?
Knowledge of calculus is required for the following graduate programs: MS in Business Analytics, MS in Energy Management, MS in Finance, MS in Management Science and MS in Supply Chain Management. Applicants who have not satisfied this requirement may take OPRE 6303 (Quantitative Foundations of Business).
Who should I contact about my I20?
You may contact the
International Student Services
for questions related to I20, international orientations and F-1 visa or other visa types.
FAQ Categories
Admission Requirements/Procedures
BS Human Resource Management FAQ
BS in Marketing FAQ
BS Information Technology and Systems FAQ
BS Supply Chain Management FAQ
Business Communication Center FAQ
Career Management Center - Employer Internship FAQ
Career Management Center - Employer Relations FAQ
Career Management Center - Internship FAQ
Career Management Center -Student Resources FAQ
CPA FAQ
Davidson Management Honors Program FAQ
Graduate Advising
Graduate Scholarships FAQ
Jindal Young Scholars Program FAQ
JSOM Help Desk FAQ
Mentoring FAQ
Microsoft Azure FAQ
MS Accounting FAQ
MS Business Analytics and Artificial Intelligence FAQ
MS Energy Management FAQ
MS Finance FAQ
MS FTEC FAQ
MS Information Technology and Management FAQ
MS Innovation & Entrepreneurship FAQ
MS Management Science FAQ
MS Marketing FAQ
MS Supply Chain Management FAQ
PhD Admissions/Procedures FAQ
Study Abroad FAQ
Top Questions - Naveen Jindal School of Management
Undergraduate Advising
UTDserv FAQ
Search All Frequently Asked Questions
Request Information
Thank you for your interest in the Naveen Jindal School of Management, UT Dallas. Tell us a little bit about yourself, and we’ll send you customized information about our programs. We hope to meet you soon.
Request Information