URL: https://jindal.utdallas.edu/financial-aid-and-scholarship-faqs/what-are-the-financial-aid-application-steps-for-domestic-students-5
TITLE: What are the financial aid application steps for domestic students? - Naveen Jindal School of Management | The University of Texas at Dallas

Complete the online application at the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
federal government website
(Do not go to the .com website as this is a private entity, which will charge you a fee.)
The Federal Student Aid Office in the U.S. Department of Education, home to FASFA, will send you by email a Student Aid Report (SAR) within approximately three business days, telling you your expected contribution to your educational expenses.
After the UT Dallas
Office of Financial Aid
has reviewed your application, it will offer you a financial aid award. This award usually includes one or more of the following:
A Subsidized Federal Direct Loan (
also known as a Stafford Loan or Direct Stafford Loan
) up to $8,500 per year (Fixed percent 6.8%)
Unsubsidized Federal Direct Loan (
also known as a Stafford Loan or a Direct Stafford Loan
) up to $12,500 per loan (6.8%)
Federal Direct PLUS Loan (7.9%) The graduate PLUS loan borrowing limit is UTD’s Cost of Attendance budget minus other scholarships, grants, and loans. See the PLUS Loans page of the Federal Student Aid website for more information. The
Cost of Attendance Questionnaire
can be found on the Office of Financial Aid webpages.
The difference between unsubsidized and subsidized loans is that the government pays the interest owed during the loan period. For details, consult the Office of Financial Aid and the
Federal Student
Aid office.
Once you are admitted (nothing is done or sent by UTD’s Office of Financial Aid until you are admitted into our program), UTD’s Office of Financial Aid sends out letters beginning in April and continues on a rolling basis for applications submitted later. The Office of Financial Aid sends students continuing their financial aid offer beginning in June. They will check to see if you are maintaining a 3.0 GPA and completing at least two-thirds of the classes you attempt. Academic progress standards for financial aid eligibility can be found on the
Satisfactory Academic Progress
page of the Office of Financial Aid website. To be eligible for federal student loans, you must be registered as at least a half-time student. For graduate students, this is considered to be 5 semester credit hours per semester for long terms (fall and spring semesters) and 3 semester credit hours in summer.
More from Financial Aid and Scholarship FAQs
What is the difference between a grant and a loan?
Are there any grants or financial aid (loans) available for International students?
Financial Aid Deadline
What if I miss the deadline, my financial aid has not been approved, and I have to pay for my tuition to enroll in classes?
Are there any financial aid tips to reduce delays?