URL: https://jindal.utdallas.edu/financial-aid-and-scholarship-faqs
TITLE: Financial Aid and Scholarship FAQs - Naveen Jindal School of Management  | The University of Texas at Dallas

OSIM MS Healthcare Transfer
What is the difference between a grant and a loan?
To learn more about student loans, visit the Office of Financial Aid’s Student Loans pages.
Are there any grants or financial aid (loans) available for International students?
While international graduate students can receive merit-based scholarships, they are not eligible for need-based grants through UT Dallas. International students can apply for loans, but they need a credit-worthy co-signer who is a U.S. citizen or permanent resident who resides in the United States. UT Dallas does not have its own loan program. If you […]
Financial Aid Deadline
The deadline for submitting the FASFA and supporting documentation is typically during the month of April. The spring deadline is typically during the month of October. HOWEVER, you can still apply for financial aid after the deadline. All applications are considered for federal loans. Because the federal Direct Stafford Loan is an entitlement program, there […]
What are the financial aid application steps for domestic students?
Complete the online application at the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) federal government website (Do not go to the .com website as this is a private entity, which will charge you a fee.) The Federal Student Aid Office in the U.S. Department of Education, home to FASFA, will send you by email a […]
What if I miss the deadline, my financial aid has not been approved, and I have to pay for my tuition to enroll in classes?
Unfortunately, you will have to pay the tuition; however, when financial aid is approved, you will be reimbursed very quickly for the tuition you paid (assuming you qualify).
Are there any financial aid tips to reduce delays?
Yes. The most common problem is that students delay applying and/or do not submit all the required documentation on a timely basis. The Office of Financial Aid states that other common problems are: Not checking your UTD email for information or document requests. The University will only send emails to your UTD email address. Please […]
What scholarships are available for students?
Scholarships based on need as well as merit are available for a wide variety of students. In addition to Jindal School of Management scholarships, there are several scholarships given by UT Dallas. Please visit the following links for more information: Graduate Scholarships Office of Financial Aid – Scholarships
What is the advantage of the Dean’s Excellence Scholarship?
In addition to the $1,000 scholarship for the academic year (not per semester), you qualify for the Texas resident tuition rate, which, in a one-year period, can be equivalent to a savings of $8,600 to $12,400.
What is the deadline for the Dean’s Excellence Scholarship?
As scholarship requirements change from time to time, please check the Jindal School Graduate Scholarships page.
Can I apply for more than one scholarship?
It depends on the type of scholarship. If it says in the terms and conditions that the scholarship is not “stackable,” then you may not apply for another scholarship that counts toward in-state tuition. However, there are many third-party scholarships you may apply for in addition to UT Dallas scholarships.
Do I need to apply for scholarships separately, or will I automatically be considered for scholarships upon admission?
Given that these policies are frequently updated, please refer to the Graduate Scholarships page for more details.
Do I need to be enrolled at UT Dallas to apply for the scholarship?
You can apply for a scholarship once you have submitted your application to The University of Texas at Dallas. However, your application will not be processed until you are admitted and accepted.
I am an international student and have taken the GRE. Can I still apply for scholarships?
Students who have taken the GRE within the past five years can apply for scholarships only after completing one (1) semester at UT Dallas. Your cumulative GPA from the previous semester will be considered as part of the assessment process. Apply before May 1 each year you are enrolled.
I am an international student and have taken the GMAT. Can I apply for a scholarship at the start of my degree?
Yes. You are eligible for scholarships as soon as your degree starts. If you are provided with any scholarship, it will be mentioned in your Form I-20 as well.
Request Information
Thank you for your interest in the Naveen Jindal School of Management, UT Dallas. Tell us a little bit about yourself, and we’ll send you customized information about our programs. We hope to meet you soon.
Request Information