URL: https://jindal.utdallas.edu/jindal/student-resources/scholarships/undergraduate-scholarships
TITLE: Undergraduate Scholarships | Naveen Jindal School of Management

The Jindal School awards merit-based scholarships to current undergraduate students for the fall semester. Each scholarship has specific requirements, including but not limited to academic performance, area of study, residency status, leadership, community service and level of student organization involvement.
Applicants may email their undergraduate scholarship questions to:
jsom-ug-scholarship@utdallas.edu
.
Apply for Scholarship
Check Scholarship Status
Contact.
Important Notes
JSOM undergraduate departmental and donor scholarships do not make you eligible for the competitive scholarship in-state tuition waiver.
Current students must apply for competitively awarded scholarships through our
Scholarship Application Portal
.
This is a two-step application, and students must
complete both sections
of the application to be eligible for Jindal School scholarships. The two sections may be completed at different times, but both sections must be completed no later than
May 1.
Students who fully answer all questions and all essay questions in the second part of the application improve their likelihood of being considered for a Jindal School scholarship award. It is suggested students allow about one hour to thoughtfully complete both sections of the scholarship application.
Students may seek scholarships from multiple organizations at the same time, including The University of Texas at Dallas, industry and trade groups and civic organizations. This application portal is for Jindal School donor scholarship applications only. Receiving a scholarship from one of these other sources will not impact any scholarship awarded by Jindal School.
Jindal School students submit one common application to be considered for all Jindal School scholarships, most of which are on the Student Scholarships website.
Jindal School students will receive no more than one Jindal School donor scholarship per award cycle.
Scholarships are not transferable and not deferrable. If a recipient defers enrollment, the scholarship will be canceled.
The decisions for current students’ scholarships will be announced by
late August
.
Students may check their scholarship application status at any time via the
Scholarship Application Portal
.
Incoming Freshman
UT Dallas offers Academic Excellence Scholarships (AES) for incoming first-time-in-college freshman students admitted for the fall term immediately following high school graduation (see below).
Academic Excellence Scholarships (AES)
Students are automatically considered for an
AES
award on the basis of their completed application to the university, and no other materials are required (see qualifications).
National Merit Finalists
The Honors College coordinates with the University’s
National Merit Scholarship
Division to offer special scholarships to students who are National Merit Finalists.
Incoming Transfers
All transfer students admitted to the Jindal School of Management are considered for most of the transfer scholarships and opportunities as part of their admission process. Incoming Transfers may visit the
UT Dallas Financial Aid
page for more information about these opportunities.
U.S. Citizens and permanent residents must have
FAFSA on file
at UT Dallas.
Current Students
Application Deadline:
May 1st
Scholarships for current students are offered for fall semester only.
U.S. Citizens and permanent residents must have
FAFSA on file
at UT Dallas.
Please Note:
A
“Current Student”
is one who has completed or is currently taking at least one undergraduate credit hour at the Jindal School of Management – UT Dallas.
A
“Full-Time Student”
is an undergraduate student who is enrolled in at least 12 credit hours per semester at the Jindal School of Management – UT Dallas.