URL: https://jindal.utdallas.edu/marketing/bs-marketing
TITLE: Bachelor of Science in Marketing | Naveen Jindal School of Management

Start a dynamic career in advertising, brand management, digital marketing, sales, social media or public relations through the Jindal School’s comprehensive curriculum and flexible degree plans.
Apply
Executive Tours for Marketing
Contact Us
Career Outcomes
Learn where alumni work and what specific roles can be earned with a Marketing degree.
Marketing
Careers
Student Engagement
Get involved on campus and hone your skills through competitions, career fairs and Jindal School clubs.
Student
Organizations
Design your Marketing Degree
The JSOM Marketing degree program prepares students for diverse marketing careers with flexible electives and targeted training.
BS Marketing
degree plan
Gain valuable work experience while you get your degree
Our program provides opportunities to study and practice essential marketing skills both in and out of the
classroom. JSOM students build their résumés with involvement in:
Solving problems for local companies through UTDsolv, the capstone senior project.
Giving back to the community through 100 hours of volunteer service in UTDserv.
Diverse internship prospects to jump-start a post-graduation career.
No. 16 among public university programs and No. 36 overall, Marketing, U.S. News & World Report (2026)
Marketing Student Organizations
American Marketing
Association (AMA UTD)
Sales
Club
National Retail
Federation (NRF)
Julie Haworth
Director, Bachelor’s in Marketing
BSMKT@utdallas.edu
|
(972) 883-5940
|
JSOM 13.328
Thank you for considering our thriving Bachelor of Science in Marketing program at UT Dallas. To better
understand the strength of our curriculum, please schedule a visit with me—your program director.
I would love to provide even more details on how our comprehensive marketing classes and opportunities for
experiential learning can set you up for success in business.
Student Testimonials
Marketing Faculty and Resources Prove to Be Invaluable
Written by Amber Quach
As a graduating marketing senior of the Jindal School of Management, I looked back at my college career and found that the bulk of my time was put toward focusing on my grades and putting my passion into fostering an organization I founded and established on campus, formerly known as UTD VENUS (Victorious Empowerment N (and) United Sisterhood).
See all Bachelor’s in Marketing Experiences
Featured News
National Award Highlights Jindal School Professor’s Impact in Marketing Education
On March 18, Dr. Daniel Rajaratnam, a clinical professor in the Jindal School’s Marketing Area, received the 2025-2026 Federation of Business Disciplines (FBD) Outstanding Educator Award at the 2026 annual FBD conference, held this year in Richardson. The honor recognizes his sustained impact and dedication to teaching, research and service in marketing education.
Read more BS Marketing Blogs and News Stories
Social Media
Apply for Scholarships
The Jindal School awards scholarships to competitive, new incoming students admitted in the fall and spring and current students just prior to each fall.
Apply Now
Start your Undergraduate Application
Before you apply, get familiar with the application process for Jindal School undergraduate programs at UT Dallas.
How to Apply
Would you like more information about this program?
Request Information
We would like to send you more details about the Bachelor of Science in Marketing.
Request for Information
Contact Information