URL: https://jindal.utdallas.edu/osim/bs-healthcare-management
TITLE: Bachelor of Science in Healthcare Management - Naveen Jindal School of Management | The University of Texas at Dallas

Get a flexible, industry-focused degree in Healthcare Management.
Apply
Hands-On Experience
Our Healthcare Management program empowers students to find their passion and learn practical skills. Start your journey to a successful career and get hands-on work experience.
Internship opportunities.
About Healthcare Management
Healthcare Management focuses on the business behind healthcare. This degree plan is a 120-hour curriculum. Students may find jobs in hospitals, clinics, or other medical trades.
More degree details.
Potential Careers
Healthcare Management prepares both business and pre-health students with the management fundamentals and skills required by current and evolving industry standards.
Explore career options.
Earn Your Bachelor’s in Healthcare Management
Prepare for a dynamic career at the intersection of business and healthcare with the UT Dallas Bachelor of Science in Healthcare Management. This flexible program equips students with the skills to lead and innovate in hospitals, healthcare systems and beyond. With a strong foundation in healthcare operations, policy, finance and data analytics, students will be ready to make a meaningful impact in one of the fastest-growing industries.
Gain hands-on experience through internships, networking opportunities and expert faculty guidance. Whether you aspire to manage hospitals, improve patient care or shape healthcare policy, this degree sets you on the path to success.
Join the program and become a leader in the future of healthcare.
Meet the Healthcare
Management Faculty
Learn about the Professional
Program in Healthcare
Management
Healthcare Management
Student Tutoring
Benefits of a Healthcare Management degree
$52B
North Texas Healthcare is a $52 Billion-Dollar Industry
According to D Magazine, healthcare is equivalent to a $52 billion-dollar industry in Dallas-Fort Worth and makes up 15% of the job sector.
$100k
Healthcare Managers make a $100k Median Annual Wage
According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the median annual wage for medical and health services managers was $101,340 in May 2021, and the field is expected to grow by 28 percent between 2021 and 2031.
Recent Student Internship Experiences
Yen Co
Fall 2023 Internship with Cubic Care Family Medicine
At Cubic Care Family Medicine, I have an opportunity to work alongside a physician on a quality improvement project. Using the “Plan, Do, Study, Act (PDSA) cycle” to address blood pressure control in hypertensive patients. The approach involved effective communication, careful planning, collecting the right data from the EMR system, and targeted intervention for patients with uncontrolled blood pressure.
Varshini Thyagarajan
Fall 2023 Internship with Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas
I wanted to share my wonderful experience being a Volunteer Services/Hospitality intern at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas during my Fall 2023 semester, under the guidance of mentors/preceptors Eesha C. and Sonya M. I am so grateful for this immensely educating opportunity where I gained invaluable insights into hospital operations and volunteer management. My main roles were to deal with seasonal compliance and safety protocols, serving as the point-of-contact for all volunteers, and facilitating events and onboarding processes. When collaborating with my mentors, I developed a profound understanding of the critical role volunteers play in enhancing the patient experience.
Rocio Reyes
Spring 2024 Internship with Intracare
These past three months, I worked at Intracare as a Population Health Quality Reporting Intern. During my internship experience, I had the opportunity to work alongside my mentor and manager, Crystal Limoges. My mentor was very supportive throughout this process and introduced me to new healthcare concepts.
Nnamdi Edeoga
Fall 2024 Internship with HCA Florida Fawcett Hospital
My experience shadowing the CEO of an acute care hospital was lifechanging. I gained insight into the inner workings of a hospital from an administrative perspective. I was able to shadow directors of various departments and learned the key aspects of each sector from a clinical standpoint. I further familiarized myself with hospital terminology and metrics by sitting in on important meetings and discussions.
Karan Rane
Spring 2024 Internship with Auro Pharmacy
This spring, I had the opportunity to work at Auro Pharmacy as a marketing/operations intern. Auro Pharmacy is a dedicated service provider delivering high-quality pharmaceutical services and products. They offer healthcare services, from over-the-counter medication to medication therapy treatment and health screenings. Overall, Auro Pharmacy has established solid relationships with its patients, communities, and healthcare providers.
Rose Ewing
Fall 2024 Internship with Southwestern Health Resources
Southwestern Health Resources (SWHR) is a patient centered, Clinically Integrated Network (CIN) formed between UT Southwestern Medical Center (UTSW) and Texas Health Resources (THR) with more than 7,000+ providers caring for over 790,000 patients, 31 hospitals, and over 650+ outpatient facilities and clinics across 14 counties over North Texas. In 2023, SWHR ranked third nationally in total savings among 132 participating ACOs in the Accountable Care Organization Realizing Equity, Access, and Community Health (ACO REACH) Model.
Vivian Ekadi
Fall 2023 Internship with Heart to Heart Hospice
During this past fall semester, I had the opportunity to work at Heart to Heart Hospice as an administration intern. I learned about building patient relationships, time management, and the inner workings of a hospice. Overall, I gained a lot of experience in the field and had the pleasure of working one-on-one with a mentor. My mentor was incredibly helpful in pointing out resources to aid me during the internship and offered critical advice for me to use. This experience has taught me how to adapt to different situations and communicate effectively.
Anish Padala
Fall 2023 Internship with Dr. Keith Thurgood at UT Dallas
In my final senior semester, I am continuing with master’s director Keith Thurgood on his project to find “Which Outpatient Care Hospital System in Texas has the Best Reimbursement and How?” The experience has been collaborative as I contribute to the data analysis, exploring outpatient care reimbursement across 500 Texas hospitals. With a focus on both the Inpatient Prospective Payment System (IPPS) and general Hospital Systems, we aimed to identify and analyze reimbursement practices.
Lily Tran
Fall 2023 Internship with Walgreen’s Pharmacy
During my healthcare management internship, collaborating with my administrator mentor proved invaluable. I learned the intricacies of healthcare operations, honed organizational skills, and gained insights into effective patient care. My mentor imparted crucial lessons on balancing administrative duties, prioritizing tasks, and navigating the dynamic healthcare landscape. This hands-on experience underscored the importance of clear communication and adaptability in managing diverse challenges. Overall, the mentorship provided me with a great understanding of healthcare management, offering practical skills and a nuanced perspective that will shape my future career in the field.
Sydney Tran
Fall 2023 Internship with Foundation Pain and Spine
This past semester, I had the incredible opportunity to work at Foundation Pain and Spine (FPS) as a medical assistant for Dr. Thompson. During this internship, I gained invaluable experience in both patient care and medical procedures. My responsibilities included a mix of clinical and administrative tasks such as collecting patient vitals, scheduling, sterilizing procedure instruments, and completing insurance claims. Being able to work directly with patients and providers reignited my interest in the healthcare industry.
Hayden Hood
Spring 2024 Internship with Scottish Rite for Children
As an Administration Intern, I was able to work on a variety of different projects across multiple departments such as; financial reporting, volunteer training, and various research assignments. Not only was I able to gain experience in the administrative side of a healthcare facility, I was able to gain insight into the clinical operations of Scottish Rite.
Priyanka Patel
Spring 2024 Internship with Clinical Pathology Laboratory
I am a senior year student studying Healthcare Management at JSOM. I recently joined the Clinical Pathology Laboratory as a Laboratory assistant. Since I started this journey, I’ve been learning how my academic knowledge can be applied to solve real-world work problems.
Aishah Patel
Summer 2023 Internship with ADD/ADHD Treatment & Diagnostic Center
This past summer, I had the privilege of working in the front office at the ADD/ADHD Treatment & Diagnostic Center. I have learned many useful skills and important lessons during my time there so far and hope to continue learning more. The experience has given me great insight into the healthcare industry and how a healthcare facility is managed and run.
See all Recent Student Internship Experiences
Featured News
Faculty Spotlight: Dr. Britt Berrett
What’s the measure of a community? Dr. Britt Berrett shares with us the trajectory of healthcare management in the industry.
Read More News
Social Media
Upcoming Events
Apply for Scholarships
The Jindal School awards scholarships to competitive, new incoming students admitted in the fall and spring and current students just prior to each fall.
Apply Now
Start your Undergraduate Application
Before you apply, get familiar with the application process for Jindal School undergraduate programs at UT Dallas.
How to Apply