URL: https://jindal.utdallas.edu/osim/bs-hrm
TITLE: Bachelor of Science in Human Resource Management | Naveen Jindal School of Management

Shape Future Workplaces with a BS-HRM Degree
More Information
Tuition & Aid
Apply
Your HR Future Starts Here
$68K Average Starting Salary for UTD BSHRM Graduates
(Based on exit surveys)
A Legacy of Success
Texas SHRM Winners 5 of 6 Years
(1st Place: 2019, 2021, 2022)
(2nd Place: 2024)
(3rd Place: 2025)
Join the Best
The Student SHRM Chapter at UT Dallas sets the standard in Texas with over 45% membership.
How to get involved
Dale J Albrecht, DBA, MBA, SPHR, SCP
Program Director & Associate Professor
Bachelor of Science in Human Resource Management
dale.albrecht@utdallas.edu
|
(972)
883-5011
In addition to leading an organization’s applicant of human capital, HR is also about unleashing human potential
to drive business transformation. At UT Dallas, we prepare future HR professionals to combine data-driven
insights, strategic thinking, technology, and people-centric solutions to drive organizational success in a
dynamic world.
To learn more about our program and how it can be the right fit for you, feel free to reach out to me via email or schedule a visit!
Unlock High-Growth Career Opportunities in HR
Explore a field where your skills can shape organizations, empower people and drive success. Human resources
offers in-demand roles with significant career potential across industries, making it a dynamic and rewarding
profession.
Human resources offers a uniquely diverse range of roles, allowing professionals to focus on areas that match
their interests and strengths. Whether you are passionate about people-centric work like talent acquisition and employee engagement, data-driven analytics that shape workforce strategies or systems and operational roles that streamline HR processes, the field provides opportunities to excel. This breadth of options makes HR one of the
most versatile and rewarding career paths available.
Explore HR Careers in more depth
Stand Out with Professional Certification
The UT Dallas Bachelor’s in Human Resource
Management program is recognized as aligning with curriculum guidelines established by the leading global
professional HR association. As part of this alignment, students completing this degree are eligible to take
exams through either the Society of Human Resource Management (SHRM) or the Human Resources Certification
Institute (HRCI.) The SHRM certification is the Certified Professional (CP) exam. The HRCI certification is the
Associate Professional in Human Resources (aPHR) exam.
To enable students, UT Dallas offers a certification preparation course as an elective. Graduates may complete
their degree with the opportunity to earn one or both professional certifications. This can provide an
additional competitive edge in the job market.
Get Involved with the Student-led HR Professional
Association at UT Dallas
Student Experiences
Haylee Keisler, BS’20
Employment Screening Coordinator Intern,
Southwest Airlines
Human Resources – Compliance Intern,
Southwest Airlines
The UT Dallas BS in Human Resource Management degree program has provided me with a foundation to start my dream career in human resources.
Paige Tellez, BS’20
BS in Human Resource Management Student
The BS in Human Resource Management program provided me with a wide variety of classes taught by professors who are experienced in the field
Kristen Goodrich
Kristen’s Experience (Video)
Learn more about the experiences of current students.
Shriya Bahri, BS’20
Senior HR Assistant,
Amazon
During my time here, there has been no dearth of opportunities to network, learn and participate in the Dallas HR space.
Tri Nguyen
Tri’s Experience (Video)
Learn more about the experiences of current students.
Ryan Nguyen
Ryan’s Experience (Video)
Learn more about the experiences of current students.
Julia Moore
Julia’s Experience (Video)
Learn more about the experiences of current students.
Janani Sundararaman
Janani’s Experience (Video)
Learn more about the experiences of current students.
More Prepared Than I Realized
In April 2019, I had the amazing opportunity to represent the Society for Human Resource Management chapter at UT Dallas and the Jindal School’s BS in Human Resource Management program, along with Shriya Bahri, Yen Dang, and Nickole Selensky, at the 2019 TXSHRM Student Games, hosted by Baylor University.
Do Conferences Help Your Career?
The first time I attended the HR Southwest Conference, I made a point to attend as many educational sessions as possible. Some were very beneficial in giving real-world information about certain subjects such as upcoming laws related to employment and relevant changes in legislation.
How Business Students Network With Professionals
I joined the BS in Human Resource Management program at UTD because I wanted to make a difference in organizations, people’s lives and my career. Events like DallasHR’s HRStars Gala allow HR professionals to get together and celebrate their accomplishments and the impact they have had within the industry.
See all Bachelor’s in Human Resource Management
Experiences
Apply for Scholarships
The Jindal School awards scholarships to competitive, new incoming students admitted in the fall and spring and current students just prior to each fall.
Apply Now
Start your Undergraduate Application
Before you apply, get familiar with the application process for Jindal School undergraduate programs at UT Dallas.
How to Apply
Would you like more information about this program?
Request Information
We would like to send you more details about the Bachelor of Science in Human Resource Management.
Request for Information
Contact Information