URL: https://jindal.utdallas.edu/osim/bs-global-business
TITLE: Bachelor of Science in Global Business | Naveen Jindal School of Management

Global Business at UT Dallas
Apply
Schedule an Appointment
Contact us
International Perspective
Global business majors get hands-on experience with companies that operate on a global scale and classes taught by experts in diverse areas of worldwide enterprise.
Learn More About our Curriculum
Go Abroad
Students can experience culture around the world by completing a required international experience, which can be a semester studying abroad, a JSOM-led trip course, or an international internship.
Program Types
Design your Career Path
Receive a personalized career roadmap and gain customized experience through specialized concentrations focused on your interests.
Global Business FAQ (PDF)
Global Network: JSOM’s Exclusive International Semester Exchange Destinations
Many career paths are possible with a degree in Global Business. A list of various positions, descriptions and key skills needed in a career can be found in the
Global Business Careers (PDF)
.
Learn more about the Study Abroad Programs offered at UTD
Study Abroad Programs
.
Upcoming Events
Agnieszka Skuza
Director, Bachelor’s in Global Business
Ask a Question
|
(972) 883-5099
|
JSOM 13.403
The Bachelor of Science in Global Business degree program helps students understand how businesses operate in global markets and how nations, firms and individuals are interdependent with one another.
The program enables individuals and organizations to acquire the art of negotiation and communication skills in a global business environment. As firms and jobs in search of cost-comparative advantage and entry to new markets cross borders, global business grads become attractive for international assignments and internships.
Apply for Scholarships
The Jindal School awards scholarships to competitive, new incoming students admitted in the fall and spring and current students just prior to each fall.
Apply Now
Start your Undergraduate Application
Before you apply, get familiar with the application process for Jindal School undergraduate programs at UT Dallas.
How to Apply
Would you like more information about this program?
Request Information
We would like to send you more details about the Bachelor of Science in Global Business.
Request for Information
Contact Information