URL: https://jindal.utdallas.edu/student-resources/scholarships/graduate-scholarships
TITLE: Graduate Scholarships | Naveen Jindal School of Management

The Jindal School awards scholarships to incoming students admitted in the fall and spring semesters as well as current students before each fall semester.
Each scholarship has specific criteria, which may include:
academic merit
residency status
community service
student organization involvement
leadership and work experience
Apply for Grad Scholarship
Check Scholarship Status
Question? Email Us.
Applications for Dean’s Excellence, Dean’s Impact, and donor scholarships are processed through the
Scholarship Application Portal*
. Please read the directions carefully.
Application Deadlines
The Spring 2026 scholarship application is closed. The Summer 2026 scholarship application deadline is March 1.
The Fall 2026 scholarship application is open. The Fall 2026 scholarship application deadline is May 1.
Who may apply for Jindal School graduate scholarships?
Incoming (newly admitted) Jindal School graduate students must be admitted by the scholarship application deadline to be considered. (Fall – May 1; Spring – December 1; Summer – April 15)
Incoming (newly admitted) Jindal School graduate student options:
Dean’s Excellence Scholarship: Students can apply through the application portal. Official GMAT/GRE score is required for consideration.
Program Excellence Scholarship: Students can apply through the application portal. Official GMAT/GRE score is NOT required for consideration.
Current Jindal School graduate students may apply for Dean’s Excellence, Impact and donor scholarships.
Current students are NOT automatically considered for any scholarship award. They must submit a scholarship application in order to be considered for a scholarship.
Students in the following programs are NOT eligible for the donor, Dean’s Excellence, Program Excellence or Impact scholarships and, therefore, should NOT use this portal to apply for any scholarships. These students should contact their program director for scholarship options:
Full-Time MBA Cohort
MS in Accounting and Analytics Cohort
MS in Finance Cohort
MS in Business Analytics Cohort
MS in Business Analytics Cohort Online
MS in Financial Technology and Analytics
MS in Systems Engineering and Management
All Executive Education degree programs
How do I apply for Jindal School graduate scholarships?
All graduate scholarships (except program excellence scholarships) are awarded via applications made through the
Scholarship Application Portal
.
New incoming
students may apply for scholarships for the
Fall, Spring and Summer semesters
.
Current (continuing) students
may apply for scholarships for the
Fall and Summer semester
only.
A
list of scholarships
is available to continuing students who apply for scholarships. Applicants will be considered for all available awards. Students do not apply for individual scholarships.
How can I find the status of my Jindal School scholarship application?
The results for
fall
scholarships for
new incoming
students will be announced by
mid-July
, and for
current
(continuing) students will be announced by
late August
.
The results for
spring
scholarships for
new incoming
students will be announced by
mid-December
(current/continuing students will not be considered for spring scholarships, scholarship application for
current/continuing
students is only available for fall).
The results for
summer
scholarships for
new incoming
students and for
current
(continuing) students will be announced by
mid-May
.
You may check the application status at any time via the
Scholarship Application Portal
.
What are the rules for Jindal School scholarships?
The JSOM scholarship application process for
new incoming students
includes one step. New incoming students
only
complete the scholarship application through the portal. Applicants will be considered for any scholarship for which they qualify. Note: The list of scholarships on the JSOM website is for informational purposes only.
The JSOM scholarship application process for
current/continuing students
has two steps. Upon completion of the first step, the applicant receives a link to complete a survey as part of the second step. Failure to complete the second step by the May 1 deadline will invalidate the student’s application (no exception).
Current students submit ONLY ONE scholarship application. Applicants will be considered for any scholarship for which they qualify. Note: The list of scholarships on the JSOM website is for informational purposes only.
Students may simultaneously apply for scholarships from other organizations, such as UT Dallas, industry and trade groups, and civic organizations. Those scholarships will not impact any scholarship awarded by JSOM.
JSOM students will receive no more than one JSOM scholarship per award cycle.
Scholarship recipients must maintain a minimum GPA of 3.000 during the academic year.
Scholarships are not transferable or deferrable. If a scholarship recipient defers enrollment, the scholarship will be canceled.
Non-Texas residents, including international students, who receive a competitive scholarship of $1,000 or more during the Fall semester, may be eligible for in-state tuition for two consecutive semesters in that academic year (Fall and Spring semesters only and does not apply to Summer semester).
Non-Texas residents, including international students, who receive a competitive scholarship of $1,000 or more during the Spring semester, may be eligible for in-state tuition for the Spring semester only.
Non-Texas residents, including international students, who receive a competitive scholarship of $1,000 or more during the Summer semester, may be eligible for in-state tuition for the Summer semester only.
Accepting a scholarship and tuition reductions may impact a student’s tax status/situation. Please consult a professional tax advisor to determine the financial implications or contact
taxcompliance@utdallas.edu
.
Scholarships awarded by cohort programs, non-funded programs and executive programs have different rules. Check with the program director.
Please Note:
A
“New Incoming Student”
is a student who has not completed and is not currently taking any graduate credit hours at the Jindal School of Management – UT Dallas
A
“Current Student”
is a student who has completed or is currently taking at least one graduate credit hour at the Jindal School of Management – UT Dallas.
A
“Full-Time Student”
is a graduate student who is enrolled in at least 9 credit hours per semester at the Jindal School of Management – UT Dallas.
Have any additional questions? View our
frequently asked graduate scholarship questions
.
Available Scholarships
Select your status:
Select your status
New Incoming Student
Current Student
Expand All