URL: https://jindal.utdallas.edu/undergraduate-programs/prospective-undergraduates
TITLE: Future Undergraduates - Naveen Jindal School of Management | The University of Texas at Dallas

MENU
Future Undergraduates
Visit the Jindal School
Contact Us
Preparing for your Future
Apply Now
Visit the Jindal School
Contact Us
Explore JSOM
Browse our customizable curriculum offerings to find the program that is right for you
Undergraduate Programs
Visit the Jindal School
Register to attend a Jindal School Experience event or set up a personalized Executive Visit
Plan Your Campus Visit
Orientation and Enrollment
Register for orientation, complete your onboarding tasks and find answers to frequently asked questions on our Orientation page
Get Started
Jindal School of Management benefits
At the Jindal School of Management, we offer a variety of degree programs to match your individual interests and goals.  With ten majors, including three stem designated degrees, twelve minors, and multiple concentrations, JSOM is dedicated to helping students find success in any field.
22:1 Faculty/student ratio
All degrees are Bachelors of Science
Dedicated Career Management Center
Real world experience through internships, Senior capstone, and community service
Undergraduate research opportunities
Ranked #26 in Public University programs
Transfer Students
At the Jindal School of Management, we strive to make the transfer process as easy as possible. The UTD Office of Admission and Enrollment offers example
Transfer Plans
for students completing core and prerequisites before joining JSOM. Transfer students can also use the
Transfer Credit Tool
to check how their courses will apply to a JSOM degree.
For additional assistance, set up a
Prospective Transfer Advising
appointment.
Financial Aid
More than 70% of students at UT Dallas receive some form of financial aid. Learn more about scholarships, FAFSA, and affordability on the
Office of Financial Aid Webpage
. For information about using your veterans benefits, please visit the
VA Benefits Webpage
.
Parents and Families
The Comet Families program is designed to involve family members in their student’s educational journeys and create a network of support. Visit their
website
to find helpful resources and ways to get involved. For parent information regarding Tuition and FERPA please visit the
Bursar Parents Info Webpage
.
Special Programs
DMHP:
Students admitted into the
Davidson Management Honors Program
will join an enriched academic environment that fosters both personal and professional growth. DMHP students will take select courses as a cohort, participate in exclusive activities and networking events, and can graduate with JSOM honors.
LLC:
Living Learning Communities
give freshmen a built-in and supportive community during their first year at UTD. Students in our LLC will live alongside other JSOM students, take their freshman seminar class as a cohort, and participate in LLC-sponsored events and activities to build a strong sense of community and collaboration.
Steps After Admission
Congratulations on your admission to the Jindal School of Management! Ready to get started? Follow the links below to find a list of next steps for newly admitted freshmen and transfer students.
Freshman
Transfer
Orientation
Orientation is the exciting first step to officially becoming a comet! You can learn more about signing up for orientation through the links below. Be sure to set up your UTD email address as well to receive key information from our Onboarding Office to prepare for orientation!
Freshman Orientation Registration
Transfer Orientation Registration
JSOM Orientation Requirements
Undergraduate Recruitment & Onboarding Office
The Jindal School
The University of Texas at Dallas
(972) 883-5889
jsomug@utdallas.edu
Book your Campus Visit
Executive Visits
Jindal School Experience
Contact Us
Jindal School Experience
Plan your Executive Visit
Jindal School Experience
Join us for our signature prospective student event: the Jindal School Experience, and hear from current students and staff, mingle with Academic Program Directors, and connect with other future students. Attendees will also have the option to add a campus and/or residence hall tour. The Jindal School Experience is offered several times throughout the spring semester and registration is required. Please select a date to register. Registration for each event will open approximately one month prior to the event date.
Our Jindal School Experience events have concluded for the year. Admitted Fall 2026 students are still welcome to attend available Comet Launchpad events (below). We also offer personalized Executive Visits for anyone wishing to visit the Jindal School for the remainder of the Spring. 2027 Jindal School Experience dates will be available in the Fall.
This is an admitted student event run by the Office of Admission. Get more information and register to attend on the
Comet Launchpad webpage
. Admitted Jindal School students will receive the same ‘Jindal School Experience’ at this event, plus additional university-wide activities.
The University of Texas at Dallas Office of Admission and Enrollment and the Naveen Jindal School of Management will not take custodial responsibility of minors while participating in The Jindal School Experience or Comet Launchpad. Custodial responsibility will remain with teachers K-12, parents, legal guardians and chaperones.
Plan your Executive Visit
Every student is unique, and we believe your campus
visit should be too. Customize your Jindal School Executive Visit to fit your individual interests and goals.
Each visit will begin with a meeting with the Recruiting & Onboarding staff, and from there you can choose to add:
A meeting with a program representative of your intended major
A meeting with the
Davidson Management Honors Program
staff
A student-led campus tour
Throughout the summer, we will do our best to accommodate all requests; however, we cannot guarantee that additional meetings will be available on all dates.
To get started, select your degree of interest below to schedule your campus visit.
Please keep in mind that we require 7 days advance notice to schedule appointments
.
Schedule Appointments
Accounting
Business Administration
Business Analytics & AI
Computer Information Systems and Technology
Cybersecurity & Risk Management
Finance
Global Business
Healthcare Management
HR Management
Marketing
Supply Chain Management & Analytics
Prospective/Transfer Student Advising
Looking to meet with a prospective student advisor to discuss the admission process or create a personalized transfer plan?
Schedule an appointment with a JSOM advisor
.
If you have any questions, please contact the JSOM Undergraduate Recruitment & Onboarding Office:
jsomug@utdallas.edu
or
(972) 883-5889
.
Contact
The Office of Undergraduate Recruiting and Onboarding at the Jindal School of Management (JSOM) is excited to work with all prospective students. Students, parents and educators are encouraged to work with our office to get their questions and concerns answered!
Email
jsomug@utdallas.edu
Phone
972-883-5889
Location
JSOM 2.202
Aleks
Aleks@utdallas.edu
More Info
Admission & Enrollment
972-883-2270
admission@utdallas.edu
SSB, first floor
JSOM Advising
972-883-2750
jsomugadvising@utdallas.edu
SOM 2.250
Records
972-883-2342
records@utdallas.edu
TSI
tsi@utdallas.edu
University Housing
972-883-7430
housing@utdallas.edu
SSA 14.120G