URL: https://jindal.utdallas.edu/undergraduate-programs/utdserv
TITLE: UTDserv | Naveen Jindal School of Management

Volunteer in your Community
UTDserv Voyager Trips
Donate Today
Volunteer Now
MENU
Get Involved
Completed Projects
Report
Hours
Contact
Enriching communities
Volunteer hours must involve direct, hands-on interaction with the community. Activities should be engaging, face-to-face and service-based.
UTDserv Information (download)
Goals and Objectives
To grow students’ professionalism, cultural competency and social responsibility while working with community members.
View completed projects
FAQ
Learn more and read about our Frequently Asked Questions for UTD Serv.
FAQ
Simple Process and Significant Impact
Students follow established processes to search for community engagement opportunities, report and approve their hours and complete the requirements seamlessly.
Golden Rules
Verifier emails MUST be from an organizer’s domain: Gmail, Hotmail or Yahoo are
not acceptable
.
All hours MUST be reported and verified within a
3-month
period over a span of at least
10 weeks
.
Pending hours will not count; it is your responsibility to make sure they are properly verified.
Share the impacts with JSOM in Engage UTD (GivePulse).
All hours submitted with a student organization MUST be approved by the
org advisor
.
Officers
can earn 10 hours (each semester) for general meetings/planning.
Key Statistics for UTDserv
443,768
Hours
8,353
Projects
5,520
Organizations
9,966
Student Volunteers
$14M+
Economic Value
JSOM aims to enhance community-university relations by maintaining a strong synergistic partnership in the DFW community. JSOM undergraduate students are expected to grow professionalism, cultural competency and social responsibility while serving community members.
Benefits of UTDserv
Nonprofit and public organizations have specific needs related to community service, and JSOM offers several resources. When getting involved with UTDserv, both organizations and students benefit in multiple ways.
Benefits to Organization
Work with highly talented and academically diverse student teams
Access to innovative and alternative solutions to organizational problems
Post volunteer events and recruit student volunteers
Increase the organization’s visibility and promote the brand
Benefits to Students
Apply critical thinking and knowledge to address societal issues
Work with industry professionals and subject matter experts
Learn to build strategies, concepts and suitable solutions
Obtain valuable practical experience and transferable/marketable skills