URL: https://www.fairfield.edu/admission-and-aid/financial-aid/index.html
TITLE: Financial Aid | Fairfield University

Financial Aid
College is an Investment in Your Future. We'll Help You Figure Out How to Pay for It.
We're committed to every aspect of your education – including helping you afford it. Currently,
90% of our undergraduate students finance their education through scholarships, grants, work-study, graduate assistantships, and loans
. Graduate students also have financial aid options, such as loans, to help finance their education. We realize that every student has a unique set of circumstances, and we'll work with you one-on-one to do everything we can to help you attend Fairfield.
Explore Financial Aid Options
Undergraduate Aid Programs
Graduate Aid & Assistantships
Federal Loans
Veterans Benefits
Part-Time Student Aid
Financial Aid Policies
Online Student Portal
Net Price Calculator
How to Apply for Financial Aid
We want to make your Fairfield education as affordable as possible. To be considered for financial aid, you must file a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (
FAFSA
) and a
CSS Profile
. Our School Codes for the FAFSA and CSS Profile are 001385 and 3390, respectively. If you have any questions, please contact the Office of Financial Aid.
Prospective and Incoming Students
Students who are US Citizens or Eligible Non-Citizens are eligible to receive a financial aid package, which can include federal, state, and institutional awards. Fairfield University requires both the FAFSA and CSS Profile to be submitted.
The FAFSA and CSS Profile Applications should be submitted by the following deadlines:
Early Action & Early Decision: December 1
Regular Decision & Early Decision II: January 15
To complete your FAFSA, you must obtain an FSA ID.
Report financial data from two years prior. To simplify the process, please provide consent, and if eligible, utilize the Future Act Direct Data Exchange (FA-DDX), to have your IRS tax information imported directly into the FAFSA.
To complete your CSS Profile, you must create a user ID and password if one was not created during your SAT application process.
Like your FAFSA, you will report financial data from two years prior on your CSS Profile application.
Respond to requests for additional information promptly.
If the FAFSA, the CSS Profile, and all required documentation are received by the stated deadlines, applicants will receive their financial aid packages by:
Early Decision: January
Early Action: February
Early Decision II: February
Regular Decision: March
Noncustodial PROFILEs* must be submitted no later than March 31 (*if applicable).
Transfer students should complete both the CSS Profile and the FASFA upon submission of their application.
Net Price Calculator
Current and Continuing Students
Current and continuing students only need to complete the CSS Profile at their time of application and admission to Fairfield University. Students do not need to complete the CSS Profile every academic school year. The university need-based aid finalized during the student's freshman year will apply to the student for eight consecutive semesters, starting with the fall semester of their freshman year. Full-time enrollment of at least 12 credits per semester and maintaining Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) is required for university need-based aid.
Federal aid must be reapplied for every academic year and is not guaranteed year-over-year. Current and continuing students should follow the below guidelines every academic school year to determine federal eligibility:
Complete the FAFSA application by April 15.
Submit additional information (if needed) no later than August 1st.
Maintain at least half-time enrollment (6 credits) per semester.
Demonstrate financial need for need-based federal aid.
Current and continuing students will be notified via their university email of their financial aid awards in June.
Noncustodial PROFILE
While divorce or separation may complicate the extent to which one or both parents can contribute financially to college, it does not absolve either parent of this obligation. Our policy for determining the financial needs of students whose parents are divorced or separated derives from the central principle that both parents are responsible for the support of their children to the extent that they are financially capable.
In cases of divorce or separation, the parent who has provided more than 50% of the student's financial support in the last 12 months is responsible for completing the FAFSA and CSS Profile. If this parent is remarried, the step-parent's information must also be reported on these applications. Fairfield University requires that the noncustodial parent (NCP) complete the
Noncustodial PROFILE
by the stated deadline.
If the noncustodial parent is unable to complete the Noncustodial PROFILE on a student's behalf, Fairfield may consider waiving this requirement in extraordinary circumstances. In order to start the waiver appeal process, all first-year applicants (and custodial parents) should complete and submit the
Noncustodial Parent PROFILE Waiver Appeal Form
, with supporting documentation, to the Office of Financial Aid no later than March 31.
Information Regarding the 2025-26 FAFSA
As per the Department of Education, the 2025-26 FAFSA will be available to complete in December 2024. Please check back for updates.
Wondering How Much College Will Cost?
Review information about Fairfield's undergraduate tuition rates.
Learn More
Scholarships & Grants Can Help Fund Your Education
View the scholarship and grant opportunities open to Fairfield students.
Learn More
Financial Aid Staff
Our financial aid staff is happy to answer your questions and to help you learn how you can make Fairfield a reality.
Emily Cipriano
Associate Director Financial Aid
emily.cipriano@fairfield.edu
Brittany Costantini
Assistant Director Student Employment
brittany.costantini@fairfield.edu
Diana Draper
Assistant VP/Executive Director of Financial Aid
ddraper@fairfield.edu
Kimberly Fetko
Director/Coordinator of Graduate, Certificate & PT Financial Aid Packaging
kfetko@fairfield.edu
Rebecca Glaudin
Assistant Director, Financial Aid Processes
rglaudin@fairfield.edu
Sara Hanrahan
Operations Assistant Financial Aid
shanrahan@fairfield.edu
Maura Hegley
Director of Student Employment
mhegley@fairfield.edu
Kendra Henry
Assistant Director Financial Aid
khenry@fairfield.edu
Jordan Lee
Assistant Director, Financial Aid
jlee1@fairfield.edu
Brian Leonelli-Blain
Associate Director Financial Aid for Fairfield Bellarmine
bleonelli-blain@fairfield.edu
Donna Ormsbee
Operations Assistant Financial Aid
dormsbee@fairfield.edu
Paola Ossa
Director of Financial Aid Systems and Operations
possa@fairfield.edu
Thomas Ponte
Associate Director & Systems Coordinator, Financial Aid
thomas.ponte@fairfield.edu
Ruth Salazar
Financial Aid Counselor
ruth.salazar@fairfield.edu
Sania Seyal
Financial Aid Counselor
sania.seyal@fairfield.edu
Brenda Valle
Assistant Director Financial Aid
bvalle@fairfield.edu
Contact Information
Phone and Email
Main
External (203) 254-4000 ext. 4125
finaid@fairfield.edu
Federal Work-Study
fws@fairfield.edu
STUDENT EMPLOYMENT OFFICE
studentemploy@fairfield.edu
Hours of Operation
Monday - Friday
8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Closed for Lunch
12 p.m. - 1 p.m.
Summer Hours
Monday - Thursday
8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Closed for Lunch
12 p.m. - 12:45 p.m.
Friday
8 a.m. - 12 p.m.
Address
Kelley Center
Office of Financial Aid
Fairfield University
1073 North Benson Road
Fairfield, CT 06824