URL: https://www.fairfield.edu/admission-and-aid/visit/index.html
TITLE: Visit | Fairfield University

Visit Fairfield
Nothing compares to seeing Fairfield in person to truly understand all it has to offer.
Located in Fairfield, Connecticut,
Open to Visitors Year-Round.
There's no substitute for experiencing the campus in person. Explore the many ways to discover what makes Fairfield special, and find all the resources you need to plan your visit right here.
Undergraduate Visits, Tours & More
From start to finish in your college search, you owe it to yourself to give Fairfield a try.
Explore Visit Opportunities
Join Us for an Interview
Request Information
Graduate Student Opportunities
Through events, visit opportunities, and virtual experiences, we invite you to explore Fairfield.
Graduate Information Sessions
Virtual & In-Person Meetings
Meet the Graduate Admission Team
Explore the Campus Virtually
Discover our vibrant campus, academic facilities, residence halls, and more—all with just a few clicks.
Start Your Fairfield Experience
Accelerated Second Degree Nursing
Visit Opportunities
Two Locations, One Outstanding Program
Fairfield University’s Accelerated Second Degree Nursing (ASDNU) programs
, located in Fairfield, CT and Austin, TX,
provide a unique opportunity for those with bachelor’s degrees in fields other than nursing to pursue a Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) degree in an accelerated format.
Visit Us
A One-of-a-Kind
200-Acre Campus.
Fairfield University's 200-acre campus situated just minutes from the Long Island Sound.
See More Campus Photos
Watch Video Overview
Experience the Best of
Both Worlds.
From the shores of Long Island Sound to the city blocks of Manhattan, our surroundings make Fairfield University’s idyllic location difficult to match elsewhere. Downtown Fairfield is a walkable, culturally rich New England town full of great restaurants, coffee bars, theatres, boutique shops, and of course, beautiful beaches. If you manage to run out of cool things to do, hop on Metro-North Railroad and arrive in New York City in about an hour — with all its culture and entertainment.
Fairfield is halfway between the city hubs of Stamford and New Haven in a region that is host to the largest concentration of Fortune 500 companies in the U.S., giving our students access to unlimited opportunities for internships and employment.
Distance to Airports
Westchester County Airport (NY) - 37 mi
LaGuardia (NYC) - 49 mi
JFK (NYC) - 60 mi
Newark Liberty (NJ) - 71 mi
Bradley (CT) - 73 mi
Distance to Train Stations
NYC / New Haven - 1 mi
DC / Boston (Amtrak) - 5 mi
Get Ready for Your Trip
Area Hotels & Restaurants
Parking
Campus Map
Ready to learn more about Stag Country?
Request Information
Apply