URL: https://www.fairfield.edu/admission-and-aid/tuition-and-costs/office-of-the-bursar/index.html
TITLE: Office of the Bursar | Fairfield University

Office of the Bursar
The Office of the Bursar is responsible for issuing student bills, processing receipts of payments, and responding to student account inquiries. Our office assists students and parents with:
• Tuition and fees
• Information regarding a monthly payment plan for full-time undergraduates
• Important dates including billing dates, payment due dates, and deadlines for payment plan enrollment
• Billing Information and frequently asked questions
The Office of the Bursar is also responsible for the collection of the Federal Perkins and Federal Nursing loans.
We are located on the first floor in McAuliffe Hall, Room 111. Our business hours are Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. through 4:30 p.m. The payment window is open from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., Monday through Friday. During the summer (late May through late August) we open at 8 a.m., and our Friday close is at noon.
Tuition, Fees, and Billing Information
Billing Information
Find all of the billing information you need as an undergraduate, graduate, continuing studies, or international student.
Payment Plans
Options to spread your bill over several months.
1098T Tax Reporting
You may be eligible for a federal education credit when filing your income tax return.
Refunds
Can you recover any fees if you have to withdraw?
Contact Us
Fairfield University
Office of the Bursar
McAuliffe Hall
Fairfield, CT 06824
bursar@fairfield.edu
(203) 254-4000
Frequently Asked Questions
What is Online Billing and Payment?
All Fairfield full-time undergraduate students and authorized users, such as parents, guardians, or sponsors, can review student account activity, view billing statements, and make secured payments electronically through our online billing and payment website.
How does Online Billing and Payment work?
You can access the website 24x7. You will be notified at your student email address whenever an online bill is generated.
Download Instructions
Will I still receive a paper bill?
All billing is done electronically; no paper bills are mailed to your home address. Payments can be made via check to the Office of the Bursar.
How do I establish an authorized user?
To establish authorized users, the student will:
Log on to my.Fairfield
Search Online Billing and Payment-Student and Launch the task
Select ‘Authorized Users’ located on the right-hand side of the Home page
Choose ‘Add an Authorized User’
Provide the e-mail address of the Authorized User; Press the ‘I Agree’ button. The authorized user will be notified by e-mail once this is completed.
No user will be able to access the website until they are authorized to do so by the student.
The authorized user may review student account activity, view billing statements, and make secured payments electronically. Authorized Users will be notified at their email address whenever an online bill is generated. At the eBill site, the authorized user must type in the login which is their email address and password assigned to them by the system. The authorized user will be prompted to reset the password for future login.
What if an authorized user forgets their password?
The authorized user can have their password emailed to themselves or have the student remove them as an authorized user and then re-establish them as an authorized user. Once re-established, the authorized user will again be notified by email of the authorization.
Is the online billing website secure?
Yes, the technical architecture/security of the online billing and payment website provides for intrusion detection and firewall systems to protect the network.
How can I, or an authorized user, make an online payment?
Payments utilizing an electronic check (ACH) can be made anytime at the eBill site from a checking or savings account in the United States. Payments will be transferred electronically to Fairfield University and will update your student account in real time. To ensure security and privacy, each authorized user is assigned a separate password to access his/her account and payment history. No one else, not even the student, will be able to view an authorized user’s confidential account information.
Students and authorized users can also print the bill and send a check or money order (no cash) made payable to Fairfield University along with the remittance portion of the billing statement through the mail to the following address:
Office of the Bursar
Fairfield University
P.O. Box 320455
Fairfield, CT 06825
Please include Student ID Number and Name on all correspondence.
Can I pay my online bill with a credit card?
Fairfield University does not accept credit card payments for full-time undergraduate tuition, fees, or room and board.
I do not feel comfortable paying my bill online. What other payment methods are available?
You may send payments by mail or pay in person at the Office of the Bursar in McAuliffe Hall Room 301. To send a check or money order through the mail, print a copy of the online bill and mail the remittance portion of the billing statement along with the check or money order to the address listed below.
Office of the Bursar
Fairfield University
P.O. Box 320455
Fairfield, CT 06825
Please include your Student ID Number on all correspondence.
International Payments
Payment can be made via fairfield.flywire.com. Holidays and other celebrations may delay the processing of international payments therefore, it is recommended that students initiate their payment at least 10 business days before the payment deadline to ensure timely processing. Incoming payments must be limited to the cost of University tuition, fees, and health insurance charged to the student account for the current semester. Any excess funds will be held on the student account toward the following semester's charges.
What are the benefits of online billing and payment?
The flexibility of viewing your bill electronically 7 days a week from any location via the internet.
The ability to pay your bill electronically 7 days a week from any location via the internet with a bank account in the United States. Billing information and payments are private and secure.
The option of authorizing users, such as a parent, guardian, or sponsor, to view and pay the bill.
The ability to receive your tuition bills faster, online with email notification.
The option of viewing your current bill plus an invoice history online.
The ability to make convenient electronic payments from a checking or savings account (banks in the United States only) without using paper checks or money orders and with immediate confirmation of an online payment.
The ability to access and print a PDF of the paper bill.
Get More Information About Direct and Indirect Costs
Undergraduate Tuition
Graduate Tuition