URL: https://www.fairfield.edu/admission-and-aid/financial-aid/part-time-student-aid/index.html
TITLE: Part-Time Student Aid | Fairfield University

Part-Time Student Aid
Realize Your Dream of a Fairfield Education
Investing in a college education is often a major financial decision, and many students need to look beyond their own resources or those of their employers for assistance. Students who choose to attend Fairfield University as Part-Time Studies students are welcome to use our Office of Financial Aid as a valuable resource to learn more about various financial aid opportunities through scholarships, loans, tax credits, veterans' benefits, and other programs.
Funding your Fairfield education is an investment in yourself that:
Makes you an agile thinker with a multidisciplinary education to form a well-rounded citizen and scholar.
Encourages you to develop the intellect, skills, and confidence to make your own way in the world and perhaps change it for the better.
Tuition Information for Part-Time Students
View our tuition and fee schedule for part-time undergraduate programs.
Loans and Other Aid
There are various loans and other aid options available to assist part-time students.
Applications and Eligibility
Loan Eligibility
Part-time students may qualify for federal financial aid at Fairfield University. To be eligible for one or more of the federal student aid programs, students must:
Be matriculated in a degree-granting program
Maintain at least half-time enrollment (six credits)
Maintain satisfactory academic progress (SAP) as defined by Fairfield University
Meet various federal regulatory requirements
Learn More About Federal Loans
How to Apply
To apply for any of the federal student aid programs, students must complete the online Free Application for Federal Student Aid (
FAFSA
). Contributors must provide consent and sign the FAFSA with their unique FSA IDs. To submit the FAFSA to Fairfield University, use the federal school code: 001385. The FAFSA should be submitted at least four weeks before the beginning of the semester the student is applying for aid.
Deadlines
Federal student aid will be awarded to all eligible part-time students on a rolling basis as applications are received by the Office of Financial Aid. Please review the below deadlines to submit the FAFSA application:
Fall Applicants
The FAFSA must be received by the federal processing center by June 1.
Spring applicants
The FAFSA must be received by the federal processing center by November 1.
Federal Verification
Verification is the process when a school is required to compare the information from the FAFSA to the information from a student’s (and parent’s or spouse’s, if applicable) tax and income information filed in the applicable tax year. If a student’s application is selected for verification by the Department of Education, he/she will be notified through their FAFSA Submission Summary and by Fairfield University. A FAFSA Submission Summary is a summary of a student’s FAFSA results. Students selected for verification will need to submit additional
documentation
as requested by the Office of Financial Aid.
Registration Procedures
Part-time students can register for courses by phone, in-person, or online via the student portal,
my.Fairfield
, and will be billed accordingly by the Office of the Bursar. Students can either arrange to make tuition payments following tuition payment policies or can seek options with financial aid, loans, and other financing to assist with program expenses.
Students will be allowed to register in the fall and spring semesters with payment required upon receipt of an electronic billing statement via notification to the student's university email account. This billing arrangement is available from the first day of registration up to three weeks before the start of classes.
If registration takes place within three weeks of the start date of classes, payment in full or approved financial aid that covers the full cost of tuition/fees is required at the time of registration. If financial aid does not cover all expenses at the time of registration, students are responsible for paying any remaining balance before registration can be complete.
Summer Aid
The summer semester is considered to be the last semester or "trailer" semester of an award year. Federal student loans may be available to students planning to enroll for the summer semester provided the student:
Will enroll for six credits in the summer semester
Has not used their total annual aggregate loan amount during the fall and spring semesters at Fairfield University or any other institution
Will be matriculated into a degree-granting program
Has met all federal regulatory requirements
Is making satisfactory academic progress (SAP) as defined by Fairfield University
NEW
student applicants who are applying for financial aid for the first time for the summer semester should complete the current and next academic year's FAFSAs. Contact the Office of Financial Aid for further instructions regarding the FAFSA.
CURRENT
student applicants who have not used their total federal student loan award for the current academic year and would like to utilize their remaining loan(s) for a summer session should submit a Loan Request Form. This form should be submitted to the Office of Financial Aid at least 24 hours before registration. Students can also use alternative loans for summer courses.
Tax Credits
Some education expenses, such as registration fees, travel costs, meals, and lodging may be tax deductible. Consult IRS tax publications or an accountant to determine your student tax benefits.
Veterans' Benefits
Veterans may apply educational benefits to degree studies pursued at Fairfield University. Learn More about our Veterans Pride Program tuition benefits for qualified veterans.
Apply for Scholarships
Research scholarship and grant opportunities available for part-time students to help fund your education.
Scholarship Grant and Info
Questions? Contact Us!
Financial Aid Counselor Contact
Speak with a Financial Aid Counselor to help you with your unique academic, career, and financial circumstances.
Kimberley fetko
Director/Coordinator of Graduate Certificate & PT Financial Aid Packaging
(203) 254-4125
kfetko@fairfield.edu
OFFICE OF FINANCIAL AID
Fairfield University
Kelley Center
1073 North Benson Road
Fairfield, CT 06824
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (203) 254-4125
Fax: (203) 254-4008
Email:
finaid@fairfield.edu
Contact the
University Registrar
for registration questions.
Contact the
Office of the Bursar
for questions regarding billing and tuition.