URL: https://www.fairfield.edu/admission-and-aid/financial-aid/undergraduate-aid-programs
TITLE: Undergraduate Aid Programs | Fairfield University

Undergraduate Aid Programs
Overview of Aid Programs
From its founding, Fairfield University has been committed to providing educational opportunities to motivated students of diverse social and economic backgrounds. While students and families are primarily responsible for college expenses, Fairfield University sees this as a shared endeavor and will assist students with as much financial aid as possible.
Investing in a college education is often a major financial decision, and many students and families need to look beyond their own resources for assistance. A Fairfield education is possible with proper financial planning, and the lifelong benefits will far exceed the expenses involved.
Review 2025-2026 Full-Time Undergraduate Resident Tuition & Costs
Contact the Office of the Bursar for More Information
The following charts provide a comprehensive picture of the aid programs available, with information on eligibility and application requirements for programs administered by Fairfield University, lending institutions, and state and federal government agencies. It is important to pay close attention to application deadlines and instructions for all programs, regardless of the administering agencies.
Fairfield University offers need-based aid as well as merit scholarships. Learn more about the Fairfield University Financial Aid Programs, Federal Aid options, and aid application and payment plan deadlines.
Fairfield University Aid Programs
Fairfield University Aid Programs
Program
Eligibility Requirements
Source of Funds
Annual Awards
Fairfield University Need-Based Grants - names may vary by program
Full-time undergraduate students with demonstrated financial need
Fairfield University
Varies based on eligibility
Financial aid awards cannot be processed until both the FAFSA and CSS Profile have been received (including the
Noncustodial PROFILE
, when applicable). To confirm eligibility, students may be selected for the verification process. If selected,
students will be notified by the Office of Financial Aid. Prospective students should submit all required documents no later than April 15, and returning students no later than August 1
. Returning students only need to complete the CSS Profile during their freshman year. However, the FAFSA is required every academic school year.
Athletic Grant- in-Aid
Awarded by the Athletics department
Fairfield University
Varies
Program
Application Instructions by Student Status
Fairfield University Need-Based Grants – names may vary by program
Early Action/Early Decision Applicants
Submit CSS Profile by December 1
Submit FAFSA by December 1
First-Year Applicants, Regular Decision/Early Decision II
Submit CSS Profile & FAFSA by January 15
Transfer Applicants
Submit CSS Profile & FAFSA at the time of application to Fairfield University
Returning Students
Submit FAFSA by April 15
Athletic Grant-in-Aid
Contact the
Athletics Department
at (203) 254-4216
Federal, State, and Other Aid Programs
Federal, State, and Other Aid Programs
Program
Eligibility Requirements
Source of Funds
Annual Award Ranges
Application Instructions
Federal Pell Grant
Undergraduate students with exceptional financial needs as determined by the FAFSA Undergraduate students with a parent killed in the line of duty.
Federal
Maximum award for academic year 2026–27: $7,395
Learn More
Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant
Undergraduate students with exceptional financial need as determined by the FAFSA
Federal
Up to $4,000; awards vary
Learn More
Federal Work-Study
Full-time undergraduate students with exceptional financial need as determined by the FAFSA; awards determined by the University.
Federal
Average FWS awards are $2,000
Learn more
from the Office of Financial Aid once enrolled.
Direct Loan
Subsidized - Students with demonstrated financial need as determined by the FAFSA Unsubsidized - Students with no financial need as determined by the FAFSA
Additional information and eligibility requirements
Federal
View loan limits
After you submit the FAFSA, complete the
Master Promissory Note
and Entrance Counseling
Direct PLUS Loan
Loans for parents of dependent undergraduate students
Additional information and eligibility requirements
Federal
Cost of Attendance minus - financial aid assistance
After you submit the FAFSA,
complete a credit check
, and
Master Promissory Note
.
Alternative Student Loan
Credit-based programs available to qualifying applicants
Search for alternative loans
Cost of Attendance minus - financial aid assistance
Search alternative loan
State Grant
Varies per state
State
Varies
Contact your resident state's Board or Commissioner of Education for information.
Tuition Payment Plan
For Full-Time Undergraduate students, the University offers the option to pay for the semester every month via a payment plan administered by Nelnet Campus Commerce. This semester-based plan allows you to spread the semester balance due over 4 months.
n/a
n/a
See enrollment instructions
Contact the Office of the Bursar
Payment & Payment Plan Deadlines
Payment & Payment Plan Deadlines
Date
Deadline
Approx. July 5
FALL semester
e-bills
sent to all students via university email (and authorized e-bill users)
July 20
Deadline to enroll in a fall monthly payment plan
August 1
Payment due for FALL semester
December 1
SPRING semester
e-bills
sent to all students via university email (and authorized e-bill users)
December 20
Deadline to enroll in a spring monthly payment plan
December 31
Payment due for SPRING semester
Image of students walking outside
Federal Work-Study
Federal work-study (FWS) is a program funded by both the federal government and Fairfield University that provides part-time employment to undergraduate students who have significant financial need. Eligible students can earn money to help with educational expenses while gaining valuable professional experience in University or community service jobs.
Frequently Asked Questions: FWS Eligibility
Who is eligible for federal work-study?
Undergraduate, full-time students* with significant financial need, as outlined in federal and institutional awarding policies, may be eligible for federal work-study (FWS). Students must apply for financial aid each year by completing the FAFSA to determine eligibility for financial aid, including federal work-study (FWS). Eligibility for FWS is not guaranteed from one year to the next. Eligible students are notified in a financial aid award notification from the Office of Financial Aid.
*Graduate and part-time students are not eligible for FWS due to limited funding.
How is eligibility for FWS calculated?
Eligibility is calculated using the results from the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA), in combination with institutional guidelines. FWS awards, similar to all other federal financial aid sources, are NOT guaranteed from one year to the next.
What do I do if I am eligible for FWS?
Students interested in FWS eligibility should:
Meet all application deadlines and submit all required documents (for employment and financial aid verification)
Acknowledge receipt of a final award notification of approved FWS (if eligible) from the Office of Financial Aid
If you are eligible for Federal Work Study, you must log into your my.Fairfield account for more information on the application and hiring process. ​​ Students search for FWS jobs in the Student Job Listing in Workday (accessed through my.Fairfield).
*Graduate and part-time students are not eligible for FWS due to limited funding.
If I am not eligible for FWS, what jobs are available?
There are a variety of University offices and facilities that offer part-time employment to students. Students can search for available non-FWS (NWS) jobs on the Student Job Listing in Workday (accessed through my.Fairfield). For more information you can email
studentemploy@fairfield.edu
. Graduate students can review the University's available graduate assistantships on our website.
What types of jobs are available?
Federal work-study jobs may be available in office administration, research, athletics, lifeguard, mentoring, tutoring, science laboratory assistance, community service, media, theater, and many other areas. There are also limited off-campus community service agencies that provide FWS employment. These positions are associated with private, non-profit organizations, public agencies, or community service, where the work is in the public interest.
How do students search for jobs?
Students can search for available FWS jobs on the Student Job Listing in Workday (accessed through my.Fairfield). Typically, job listings become available during mid-summer for the next academic year. Students must make sure they have a FWS award offer from Financial Aid (check the student Financial Aid portal in my.Fairfield). For more information you can email fws@fairfield.edu.
Community Service Agency Information
Community agencies interested in Fairfield's Federal Work-Study program can write to the program administrator at
fws@fairfield.edu
.
Questions About How Much Money You Can Borrow?
Learn More About Loans