URL: https://www.fairfield.edu/admission-and-aid/apply/international-students
TITLE: International Students | Fairfield University

International Students
Fairfield University welcomes applications from international students. We value the diverse perspectives your experience will bring to your classrooms and the greater University community. Join students from more than 50 countries.
During your academic journey at Fairfield, you will have plenty of time between lectures and lab sessions to explore the landscape, visit iconic landmarks, and experience a brand-new country with brand-new customs and activities.
With the shoreline and beach just one mile from campus and New York City only a 60-minute train ride away, the opportunities for adventure are endless.
Ready to Apply?
Learn more about the requirements to apply as an international undergraduate, graduate, or transfer student.
Apply for Undergraduate Admission
Apply for Graduate Admission
Apply for Second Degree Nursing Admission
International Application Requirements
Student Visa & Immigration Information
I first found my sense of belonging with my swim team, where the shared experience of training and competing forged strong bonds among teammates. In addition to the swim team, I have connected with other international students, forming a supportive community that has helped her feel at home while navigating the cultural differences of a new country.”
- Tone  Sandsjö ’27
Work Authorization
Already a current undergraduate or graduate international student? Make sure you have activated your Fairfield University Account and have set up a password to access the Work Authorization form.
OPT STEM Extension Program
See if your science, technology, engineering, or math degree qualifies you for extended time on the job in the U.S.
International Student Orientation
Information for incoming international students to make your transition to Fairfield University go smoothly!
Financial Aid
All students regardless of citizenship are automatically considered for merit-based scholarships. No separate application is required. International and international transfer students are encouraged to apply for financial aid using the College Board's CSS Profile.