URL: https://www.nyu.edu/admissions/financial-aid-and-scholarships.html
TITLE: Financial Aid and Scholarships

Financial Aid and Scholarships
Resources to help you invest in your higher education
Jump to
Undergraduate Aid Application
Graduate Aid Application
Current Student Resources
Contact Financial Aid
Links
Federal Student Aid Changes
In 2025, new federal legislation was passed which will make changes to certain federal student aid programs starting July 1, 2026. Current students and parents will not see any see any changes to their federal loans or grants for the 2025-26 academic year.
Learn more
NYU's Office of Financial Aid is here to make sure you understand your options so that you can make informed decisions and focus on what matters most:
your education
.
Undergraduate Aid Application
Learn about the financial aid application process for undergraduate applicants and their parents. Eligibility, deadlines, and requirements vary depending on a few factors, including whether you are applying as a first-year or transfer applicant.
For first-year undergraduate students admitted to the New York campus, NYU will meet 100% demonstrated financial need.
Apply for Undergraduate Financial Aid
Graduate Aid Application
Learn about the different types of federal aid and assistantships that may be available, when to file the FAFSA, and more. As a graduate applicant, merit and school-specific scholarships will be determined by your graduate or professional school after you apply for you admission. In the majority of cases, you will be automatically reviewed for those opportunities.
Apply for Graduate Financial Aid
Current Student Resources
Whether you're an undergraduate or graduate student, the Office of Financial Aid
is here to help you understand how to
renew your aid year
, explore
additional funding opportunities
, and learn how financial aid can
support study away
.
Resources for Current Students
Contact Financial Aid
Our team looks forward to serving you and making sure you understand all your options. If you have questions for our New York Financial Aid team, please reach out to us.
Contact Us
Students applying to
NYU Shanghai
or
NYU Abu Dhabi
should visit the websites of those campuses to obtain further details on applying for financial aid.
Links
Glossary
FAQ
Disclosures
Forms
X
Facebook
Instagram