URL: https://www.nyu.edu/admissions/undergraduate-admissions/how-to-apply/standardized-tests.html
TITLE: Standardized Tests

Standardized Tests
Explore NYU's standardized testing requirements for undergraduate admissions. Learn about accepted tests, exemptions, and their role in the application process.
Jump to
Additional Notes
Categories for AP Exams
Let's Connect!
NYU will continue to remain test-optional through the 2026-2027 application cycle. For students who elect to submit testing as part of their application, NYU has one of the most flexible testing policies of any college or university.
When completing the Common App, you will be able to select whether you wish to submit standardized testing, and if so, which form of testing you plan to submit. If you choose to submit standardized testing, you only need to submit one form of testing. We will review the form of testing that you indicated you would like us to consider on your application. NYU considers the validity of application material and documentation to be of the utmost priority, please see
our Application Authenticity policy.
You can learn more about our standardized testing options in the chart below.
What do we accept?
Notes
SAT
Must be taken within 5 years of the date of application and sent from the College Board. NYU’s school code is 2562.
ACT
Must be taken within 5 years of the date of application and sent from ACT. NYU’s school code is 2838.
3 Advanced Placement
(AP) Exams
If you wish to apply with 3 AP exam results, we require one from a Humanities exam, one from a Math or Science exam, and one from an exam of your choice. For Stern and Tandon, one of the exams must be in Math (Precalculus, AP Calculus AB, BC or Statistics). These exams must have been taken prior to your date of application.
International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma Program
Predictions or Final Results
Students applying to Stern or Tandon are encouraged to take either the Higher or Standard Level of Mathematics: Analysis and Approaches or Higher Level Mathematics: Applications and Interpretation.
3 International Baccalaureate (IB) Higher Level Exams
Predictions or Final Results
Students who are not IB diploma candidates/IB diploma recipients but are planning to take (or have taken) 3 Higher Level exams can elect to apply using this option. If applying to Stern or Tandon, at least one exam score must be in Mathematics.
GCE Advanced Level (A-Level)
Predictions or Final Results
Stern or Tandon applicants are encouraged to take A-Level Mathematics.
Other International Examinations
Predictions or Final Results
We also accept a number of national exams and qualifications from around the world! For information on any other international exams we accept as standardized testing, along with academic documentation requirements, please visit our
International Qualifications Tool
. Students are welcome to apply with predicted exam results as their preferred form of testing; however, we must receive final exam results for any matriculated student from a system where final exams are required for proof of high school graduation (or from applicants who have already taken their exams).
Additional Notes
SAT, ACT, and AP tests must be taken in advance of NYU's application deadline if you wish to use them as your form of standardized testing. Once our application deadline passes, we cannot guarantee that we will wait for scores to arrive before making an admission decision.
We will superscore results across multiple test dates for the SAT and ACT.
If you wish to use predictions for the International Baccalaureate, A-Levels, or another national exam as your form of testing, we will email a unique form to your school counselor after you submit your application.
If any official documents are not in English, they must be accompanied by an official English translation, either issued by a school official or by a translation agency that is accredited in the country of the educational institution.
Categories for AP Exams
Advanced Placement (AP)
Humanities
English Language & Composition
English Literature & Composition
European History
Spanish Literature & Culture
United States History
World History
African American Studies
Math & Science
Biology
Calculus AB
Calculus BC
Chemistry
Computer Science A
Computer Science Principles
Environmental Science
Physics 1
Physics 2
Physics B
Physics C: Electricity & Magnetism
Physics C: Mechanics Statistics
Precalculus
Apply
Start your application today.
Start your Application
Let's Connect!
Address
400 Lafayette Street
New York, NY 10003
USA
Phone
+1-212-998-4500
Email
admissions@nyu.edu
Join Our Mailing List!
Request Information
Follow Us
facebook
x
instagram
youtube