URL: https://www.nyu.edu/admissions/undergraduate-admissions/how-to-apply/international-applicants.html
TITLE: International Applicants

Resources for International Applicants
Navigate the application process for international students at NYU. Discover requirements, deadlines, and support services.
Jump to
Campus Requirements
Application Information
Eligibility
How to Apply
Application Deadlines and Timing
Financing Your Education
Student Visas
Enrollment Start Dates
Campus Requirements
NYU’s New York campus is home to students from over 130 countries. All applicants, regardless of citizenship, are held to the same admissions standards and follow the same general process. However, international applicants should review the information below carefully if:
You are a non-U.S. citizen applying to the New York City campus; or
You are a U.S. citizen applying from a high school outside the U.S.
If you’re applying to NYU Abu Dhabi or NYU Shanghai, refer to their specific guidelines:
All applicants to NYU Abu Dhabi
Chinese citizens applying to NYU Shanghai
All other applicants to NYU Shanghai
Student Visa & Immigration Information
Application Information
Eligibility
First-Year Applicants
You are eligible to apply as a first-year student if you will complete your country’s pre-university education (equivalent to U.S. 12th grade) before enrolling at NYU. You may also qualify if:
You are completing an internationally-recognized equivalent, such as the IB Diploma; or
You are applying from countries with school leaving qualifications based on the British educational model, and will have completed the A-level equivalent (neither O-levels nor (I)GCSE results will be sufficient for admission); or
You are currently enrolled in a foundation year program outside of the United States and have completed secondary school graduation requirements from your country as outlined in the
International Qualifications Tool
; or
Your highest degree earned by the time you plan to enroll at NYU is either a certificate or diploma.
Transfer Applicants
You must meet the high school requirements above and have one of the following:
Enrollment as a degree-seeking* student at a regionally accredited U.S. college/university
Enrollment as a degree-seeking student at a nationally recognized college/university outside the U.S.
Enrollment in a non-degree U.S. program with at least 24 semester credits completed by enrollment
*A non-degree seeking student, sometimes referred to outside of the United States as a non-award/non-study student, refers to a student who is taking a course at a host university, but does not have the right to earn a degree at the host university (but credits could be earned which are transferrable).
How to Apply
All applicants, domestic or international, use the Common Application. Use your legal name as it appears on your passport or birth certificate. For step-by-step guidance:
First-Year Application Guide
Transfer Application Guide
For help understanding forms and documents required by the Common Application, check out our
Forms and Documents Guide
.
Application Deadlines and Timing
Application deadlines can be found in our
first-year
and
transfer
guides.
If your academic calendar runs from February/March to November/December:
You can begin the application process in the August leading up to your high school graduation.
If you are applying for Early Decision I (deadline November 1), you will be applying at the very end of your final year in high school.
NYU's Early Decision II deadline (January 1) and Regular Decision deadline (January 5) will be shortly after you've graduated from high school. As your school may be closed for break, you should begin the process before graduating.
You will be applying for the fall semester. This means that if you are admitted, you would have to take at least one semester off school before beginning your studies. You would not be able to apply to begin the semester immediately after you graduate from school.
Submit all materials — including academic records, test scores, and recommendations — by the deadline. If official exam results are not available, your school may submit predicted scores. Official results must follow once released. Late materials may still be considered, but decisions may be made without them.
Financing Your Education
Need-based scholarships are available to non-U.S. citizens or permanent residents applying as first-year students. Submit the
CSS Profile
by the deadline for consideration. Transfer students and those pursuing a second bachelor’s degree are not eligible for NYU institutional aid. Review these
Financial Aid Basics
for more information.
Admitted students must submit a certification of finances showing proof of funding for four years of study. Depending on your status, here are some things to plan for:
Fill out the NYU Application for Certificate of Eligibility (AFCOE) online after you’re admitted to the university and pay your enrollment deposit. Submit supporting documents, as well. This must be done before you’re issued a student visa (Form I-20) or exchange visitor visa (Form DS-2019).
If you plan to use savings, parental support, outside private or government scholarships, or any combination of these to finance your studies, you’ll need to send official letters or similar certificates as proof of such support. Include your name and date of birth on each document.
If you’re in the U.S. at the time of your admission, you’ll need to submit a copy of your I-94 card.
Students who hold a F-1 or J-1 student visa are generally not allowed to work in the U.S. to help pay for their education and are required to pursue a full-time course load each semester.
Student Visas
You do not need to submit financial certification or begin the visa process until after admission. Admitted students are eligible for F-1 or J-1 visa sponsorship. Review the
student visa and immigration process
and contact the
Office of Global Services
with questions.
Enrollment Start Dates
Most students begin in September (fall semester). A small number of first-year students may be selected to start in January (spring semester), but students cannot apply for a spring start. Some NYU programs allow spring enrollment for transfer students.