URL: https://www.stern.nyu.edu/programs-admissions/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate - NYU Stern

A business education in the heart of NYC
NYU Stern Undergraduate College
Innovative classes. Unparalleled international immersion opportunities. A vibrant community. All in the business and cultural capital of the world.
See what makes NYU Stern unique
Visit and Connect
Discover Why Stern
Apply to NYU Stern
Our undergraduate degree programs
As a high school student, you can apply directly to either the BS in Business program, the BS in Business and Political Economy program, or the Anand Khubani BS in Business, Technology and Entrepreneurship program.
BS in Business
In our flagship program, you will choose from
13 business concentrations
and build on your experience with
six interdisciplinary tracks,
all in one STEM-eligible degree. Plus, use your
44 elective credits
to pursue your interests across NYU.
Learn more
BS in Business and Political Economy
Gain a unique
global perspective
with the BPE degree's tailored curriculum that examines how markets, governments, and policies shape
global economic outcomes
. This STEM-eligible program will prepare you for a career in international business and requires
two semesters of study away
.
Learn more
Anand Khubani BS in Business, Technology and Entrepreneurship
Develop a unique
technology and entrepreneurship
perspective with the Khubani BTE degree’s STEM-eligible curriculum that consists of immersive courses that will position you for a career in business and technology, consulting, banking, or to start your own venture.
Learn more
Current BS in Business students can also choose to apply to one of our dual-degree programs
BS in Business/MS in Accounting
Earn your Bachelor's degree with NYU Stern Undergraduate College and your Master's degree with NYU Stern Graduate School in
four years plus one summer
. NYU Stern's Accounting program is ranked in the
top 10 in the U.S.
Learn more
BS in Business/BFA in Film and Television
Earn concurrent degrees from
NYU Stern and NYU Tisch
in this five-year program that will prepare you for an exciting career in the entertainment industry. You will have access to the
boundless resources
of these two world-class NYU schools.
Learn more
More information for
New and Current Students
Parents
Get to Know Us
Connect with a Student
Email with a current student, or attend one of our student-hosted virtual info sessions. The NYU Stern Street Team is here to answer your questions and tell you all about life at NYU Stern.
Connect with a current student
Take a Virtual Stern Tour
What's it actually like inside of NYU Stern? Check out some of our classrooms and community spaces with our Street Team student ambassadors!
Take the Tour on Instagram
NYU Stern Ranks Among the Top Undergraduate Programs
NYU Stern is ranked #5 for Undergraduate Business by U.S. News and World Report.
See why