URL: https://www.stern.nyu.edu/programs-admissions/undergraduate/academics/bs-degree-business-ms-accounting
TITLE: BS in Business/MS in Accounting - NYU Stern

Dual Degree Program
BS in Business/MS in Accounting
Earn a bachelor's degree and a master's degree in four years plus one summer from NYU Stern.
After your first semester as an NYU Stern BS in Business student, you can apply to the BS/MS in Accounting Program, where you have the opportunity to earn two distinct degrees. The BS in Business is a four-year, STEM-eligible degree. You then transition to the Stern Graduate School to finish earning your MS in Certiﬁed Public Accounting degree in one accelerated summer.
BS/MS in Accounting students have access to study away opportunities, dual concentrations, cross-school minors, and graduate-level accounting coursework, as an undergraduate. You will also be a part of a strong community of other students across all class years.
The BS/MS in Accounting Program allows you to earn 150 credits, which satisﬁes the educational requirement to sit for the CPA Exam as early as the spring of your senior year and become a licensed CPA in New York State and most other states. You also have exclusive networking opportunities for internships in the accounting industry. Be prepared for diverse career opportunities ranging from public accounting, banking, advisory, and consulting, which ensures stability in any economy.
Application Requirements
To apply, you must be a fully-matriculated NYU Stern BS in Business student who has completed at least one semester of coursework at NYU Stern.
Minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0
Grade of B or better in accounting coursework
Application demonstrating commitment to CPA track
By the Numbers
150
credits (enough to apply for CPA license)
4
years plus one accelerated summer
98%
placement rate (class of 2024)
Sternies Say...
Amy
"I joined the BS/MS in Accounting Program to take advantage of the accerlerated coursework and well-connected network. This program also has excellent professors and advisors!"