URL: https://www.stern.nyu.edu/programs-admissions/undergraduate/vibrant-community/building-community
TITLE: Building Community - NYU Stern

Vibrant Community
Building Community
Explore some of the many ways you can get involved during your time at NYU Stern.
Your Cohort Community
All first-years are assigned a cohort at the start of NYU Stern Orientation and experience their first few days on campus with their Orientation Leaders and cohort group. The ten cohorts, each named after a different Manhattan neighborhood, participate in team-building activities and friendly inter-cohort competitions. Cohorts help to foster community as you transition into college as well as throughout your time at NYU Stern through curricular and social activities.
The Stern Signature Experience Series (SES)
At the beginning of the school year, each class enjoys an iconic New York City experience. Past SES events have taken students to the U.S. Open, a private dinner on Ellis Island, a chartered cruise in the Hudson River, and more! SES events are Stern’s unique way of making sure you get to catch up with your class.
The Cohen Arts & Culture Experience (CACE)
Endowed by Jerry and Adrienne Cohen, this Stern-specific program offers all students the unparalleled opportunity to experience incredible cultural offerings unique to NYC alongside classmates, faculty, and staff. Want to take in a Broadway show, a Yankee game, or a night at the New York Philharmonic? CACE can make it happen!
Events and Traditions
Every year, NYU Stern Undergraduate College hosts a series of on-campus events that allow students to relax and enjoy themselves with friends. Favorites include the annual: Waffle Wednesdays, Stern's Got Talent, and the NYU All-University Games!
Class-wide Social Events
Each class elects three student representatives to plan community-building events throughout the year specific to the class.
Community Leadership Opportunities
Gain leadership and communication skills while getting involved at NYU Stern by applying to be an Orientation Leader, a Cohort Leadership Program Guide, a Peer Mentor, or a member of the NYU Stern Street Team. You can also participate in NYU Stern's Student Council, the Inter-Club Council, or serve on the executive board for one of the many
student clubs and organizations
.
NYU Clubs
NYU is home to more than
400 student clubs
, from chess club to cheese club. No matter what you're passionate about, you can find it here. And if we don't have it already, you can start it!
...And More
There's so much to explore at NYU and NYU Stern and many more ways to find your community here.
Sternies Say...
Daniel
"Orientation prepared me for life at Stern. From making lifelong friends to exploring everything Stern offers, orientation was a key part of my Stern experience. After experiencing it as a first-year, I decided to become an Orientation Leader as an upperclassman."