URL: https://www.stern.nyu.edu/programs-admissions/undergraduate/why-stern/admissions/connect-with-current-nyu-stern-student
TITLE: Connect with a Current NYU Stern Student - NYU Stern

Meet the Street Team
Connect with a Current Student
The NYU Stern Undergraduate College Street Team is here to help.
The
NYU Stern Undergraduate College Street Team
is here to help prospective and admitted students and families get to know NYU Stern even better as you navigate your college search process. And who better to tell you about the NYU Stern student experience and answer your questions than the students living it?
Here’s how prospective and admitted students can connect with the Street Team:
1. At an NYU admissions event
Catch the Street Team giving group tours of Tisch Hall—home of the NYU Stern Undergraduate College—at
NYU’s main admissions events
in the fall (Open House!) and spring (Weekend on the Square!)
2. At a virtual info session
It’s your chance to get a taste of the
NYU Stern student experience
. Learn about our Five Pillars and dive deeper into the real-life stories of a small group of our Street Team students! Check back in the fall for our Fall 2026 virtual info session dates!
The Stern info sessions cover the student experience at Stern from real students, but
we do not cover the college application or admissions process
.
NYU Admissions virtual info sessions
will walk you through the NYU admissions process! Check them out, too!
3. Via email
Email
streetteam@stern.nyu.edu
to correspond with a student! The Street Team is currently unable to host one-on-one meetings or conduct tours outside of the events and virtual info sessions, but we are delighted to answer your email inquiries!
4. On social media
Keep up with what's happening at NYU Stern by following us on
Instagram
or
Facebook
!
Abhi (BS '28)
Studying: Finance, Computing & Data Science
From Pennington, NJ, Abhi is in the Lower East Side cohort. He is studying BS in Business with concentrations in Finance and Computing & Data Science. On campus he is involved with Stern Student Council and intramural basketball. In his free time, he likes to play basketball, work out, go to car meets, do photography and explore new restaurants around the city!
Aditi (BS '27)
Studying: Finance, Computing & Data Science
From Pennsylvania, Aditi is in the Chelsea cohort. She is studying Finance and Computing & Data Science with a minor in Art History. On campus, she is a Marketing Intern in the Stern Marketing and Communications office. She is also involved in Beta Alpha Psi. In her free time, Aditi enjoys visiting art museums, traveling, crocheting, and exploring the different restaurants that the city has to offer.
Advay (BS '28)
Studying: Finance
From Bridgewater, New Jersey, Advay is in the Lower East Side cohort. He is studying Finance with a minor in Public Policy. On campus, he is involved in the Scholars of Finance and Net Impact. In his free time, Advay enjoys playing pickleball and other sports, thrifting, watching The Office, late-night drives, and browsing Zillow.
Aileen (BTE '28)
Studying: Business, Technology and Entrepreneurship
From Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, Aileen is in the East Village Cohort. She is studying Anand Khubani Business, Technology and Entrepreneurship (Khubani BTE). On campus, Aileen is involved with Global Research and Consulting Group, Khubani BTE student leadership, and Bite Club NYU. Outside of Stern, she enjoys working out, trying new boba shops, and learning dance choreography.
Aishwarya (BPE '27)
Studying: Business and Political Economy
From Tampa, FL, Aishwarya is in the Soho cohort. She is studying Business and Political Economy (BPE). On campus, she is very involved with Undergraduate Stern Women in Business and the BPE community. In her free time, Aishwarya likes to explore New York with her friends and find cool cafes.
Amy (BS/MS '27)
Studying: Management & Organizations, Accounting
From Auburn, WA, Amy is in the West Village cohort. She is in the BS in Business/MS in Accounting program with a concentration in Management & Organizations and a minor in Social Entrepreneurship. On campus, she is a part of the Stern Business Academy and MLK Scholars Program. In her free time, Amy loves to go on runs, cafe hop with friends, and read in the park.
Andre (BS '28)
Studying: Finance
Hailing from Queens, New York, Andre is a member of the Midtown cohort. He is pursuing a degree in Finance with a double major in Health Sciences at the College of Arts and Science. At Stern, he is a mentee in the Stern Accounting Society and an active member of Beta Alpha Psi. Outside of academics, Andre enjoys exploring nature, trying new restaurants, and playing tennis with his longtime friends.
Andrew (BS '28)
Studying: Finance, Computing & Data Science
Originally from Toronto, Canada, Andrew is a member of the East Village cohort. He is pursuing a BS in Business with concentrations in Finance and Computing & Data Science and a minor in Psychology. On campus, Andrew serves as treasurer of the Marketing Society and chairs the Beta Alpha Psi tutoring committee. In his free time, he enjoys working out, cooking, exploring New York City, and discovering new cafés and restaurants.
Ani (BS '27)
Studying: Finance, Marketing
From Staten Island, New York, Ani spent her first year at NYU London and is in the Battery Park cohort. She is studying Finance and Marketing with a minor in Studio Art. On campus, Ani is involved in Net Impact, Asian Cultural Union, and is a mentor for other London start students. In her free time, Ani enjoys watching Broadway musicals, baking patisseries, crocheting, and finding new cafes to go to with friends.
Aryan (BPE '27)
Studying: Business and Political Economy
From Rochester Hills, Michigan, Aryan is in the SoHo cohort. In addition to pursuing Business and Political Economy, he is minoring in the Business of Entertainment, Media, and Technology. At Stern, he is heavily involved as the Co-President of Net Impact and serves as the Events Director for the Management Consulting Group. Outside of school, he enjoys exploring the many cafes, restaurants, bakeries, and sights NYC has to offer – especially on a bike!
Audrey (BPE '27)
Studying: Business and Political Economy
From Montgomery, New Jersey, Audrey is in the West Village cohort. She is in the BS in Business and Political Economy program with a minor in Public Policy & Management. On campus, Audrey serves as Vice President of Net Impact and is a member of the Marketing team for Beta Alpha Psi. She is also the Co-Director of the BPE student leadership team and participates in the Social Impact Fellowship. In her free time, she loves running, golfing, cooking and baking, playing piano, and thrifting.
Ben (BS '27)
Studying: Finance, Sustainable Business
From Scarsdale, New York, Ben is in the West Village cohort. He is studying Finance and Sustainable Business with a joint minor in Mathematics and Computer Science. On campus, Ben is involved with the Orientation Leader and Cohort Leadership Programs, Beta Alpha Psi leadership, and Stern Program for Undergraduate Research. During his free time, Ben enjoys Citi-biking, skiing, cooking for his friends, and reading a wide variety of books.
Campbell (BS '28)
Studying: Finance, Econometrics & Quantitative Economics
Originally from Sydney, Australia, Campbell is a member of the Lower East Side cohort. He is pursuing studies in Finance and Econometrics. On campus, he is actively involved with the Blockchain & Fintech Club, Stern Real Estate Group, and Beta Alpha Psi. In his free time, Campbell enjoys competing in Latin American dance, working out, and spending time with friends.
Chengzhi (BS '28)
Studying: Finance, Computing & Data Science
From Mountain View, California, Chengzhi is in the Murray Hill cohort. He is studying Finance and Computing & Data Science. On campus, Chengzhi is involved with the Quantitative Finance Society and Beta Alpha Psi. In his free time, Chengzhi likes to sing classical and choir music, play chess, and play tennis.
Christian (BS '28)
Studying: Finance, Computing & Data Science
From Dallas, Texas, Christian spent his first year at NYU London and is part of the Battery Park cohort. He is studying Finance and Computing & Data Science. Christian enjoys reading, working out, exploring NYC’s restaurant scene, and dominating in intramural flag football.
Cynthia (BPE '28)
Studying: Business and Political Economy
Originally from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Cynthia is a member of the West Village cohort. She is studying Business and Political Economy (BPE) with a minor in Child and Adolescent Mental Health Studies. On campus, Cynthia has participated in the Social Impact Fellowship and currently serves on the BPE student leadership team while playing on an intramural volleyball team. In her free time, she enjoys watching Asian dramas, making her own matcha, and learning nail art.
Danna (BS '29)
Studying: Finance, Accounting
Originally from Tucson, Arizona, Danna is a member of the Tribeca cohort. She is studying Finance and Accounting. As a first-generation college student, Danna is part of the Berkley Achievement Scholars Program. In her free time, she enjoys playing soccer, going to the gym, hiking, exploring the city, and trying new foods.
Danny (BTE '28)
Studying: Business, Technology and Entrepreneurship
From Moscow, Russia, Danny is in the SoHo cohort. He is in the Anand Khubani Business, Technology and Entrepreneurship program with a double major in Computer Science. On campus, Danny is involved in the Product Management Club, Entrepreneurial Exchange Group and Russian Club. In his free time, Danny enjoys reading and listening to podcasts, go-karting, watching Formula 1, playing soccer, and brainstorming new business ideas.
Ein (BPE '28)
Studying: Business and Political Economy
Originally from Pleasanton, California, and Seoul, South Korea, Ein is a member of the Midtown cohort. He is studying Business and Political Economy (BPE) with a minor in Public Policy and Management. On campus, he is involved with the BPE Student leadership team, Management Consulting Group, and Beta Alpha Psi. In his free time, Ein enjoys watching Broadway musicals and performances at the Met Opera, practicing archery, and playing card and board games.
Enzo (BTE '26)
Studying: Business, Technology and Entrepreneurship
From São Paulo, Brazil, Enzo is in the Chelsea cohort. He is in the Anand Khubani Business, Technology and Entrepreneurship program. He is also involved in Stern’s Judiciary Committee, Stern Program for Undergraduate Research, and TAs Information Technology in Business & Society. Outside school, Enzo enjoys traveling, trying new restaurants around the city, running, skiing, cooking, and horse riding.
Gabe (BS '26)
Studying: Computing & Data Science, Finance
Originally from East Brunswick, New Jersey, Gabe is a member of the Midtown cohort and is concentrating in Finance. He has studied abroad in both Madrid and London. In his free time, Gabe enjoys playing soccer at the piers and exploring new restaurants around the city.
Grace (BPE '26)
Studying: Business and Political Economy
Originally from San Francisco, California, Grace is a member of the FiDi cohort. She is studying Business and Political Economy (BPE) and Mathematics. Grace is a Breakthrough Leadership Scholar and serves as a Peer Mentor at Stern. She spent her sophomore year studying abroad in London and Madrid. While in New York, she enjoys trying new cold brews and exploring different restaurants and cafés with friends.
Harrison (BS'26)
Studying: Computing & Data Science, Sustainable Business
Originally from Houston, Texas, Harrison is a member of the Lower East Side cohort. He is studying Computing & Data Science and Sustainable Business. On campus, Harrison is passionate about building community through his role as an Orientation Leader and his involvement in affinity-based student organizations. In his free time, he enjoys experimenting with unique food combinations, running, and searching for the best cold brew in the city.
Ishaan (BPE'29)
Studying: Business and Political Economy
Originally from Chicago, Illinois, Ishaan is a member of the Midtown cohort. He is studying Business and Political Economy (BPE) with minors in Mathematics and Peace and Conflict Studies. On campus, he is involved with the Model UN Team, Economic Development Group, International Business Association, ISO Magazine, BPE student leadership, Stern Behavioral Lab, and the Economics Review. In his free time, Ishaan enjoys photography, making coffee drinks, attending concerts, and reading.
Jack (BS/MS '28)
Studying: Finance, Accounting
Originally from Shanghai, China, Jack spent his first year at NYU London and is in the Battery Park cohort. He is enrolled in the BS in Business/MS in Accounting program with concentrations in Finance and Accounting and a minor in Mathematics. At Stern, he is involved with Beta Alpha Psi. In his free time, Jack enjoys playing golf and badminton, going to the gym, and exploring new restaurants.
Jackson (BS/MS '28)
Studying: Accounting, Computing & Data Science
Originally from Brooklyn, New York, Jackson is a member of the Midtown cohort. He is enrolled in the BS in Business/MS in Accounting program with a concentration in Accounting and Computing & Data Science and a minor in Studio Art. On campus, Jackson is a Breakthrough Scholar. In his free time, he enjoys painting, watching Chinese dramas, and listening to their original soundtracks.
Janese (BS '26)
Studying: Finance, Management & Organizations
Originally from Long Island, New York, Janese is a member of the Tribeca cohort. She is studying Finance and Management and Organizations. At NYU, she serves as an Admissions Ambassador, participates in the Stern Program for Undergraduate Research, and is President of BlackGen Capital. She spent her junior spring studying abroad in Madrid. In her free time, Janese enjoys reading, traveling, and spending time with friends.
Jason (BS '29)
Studying: Finance, Accounting
Originally from Springfield, Ohio, Jason is a member of the West Village cohort. He is studying Finance and Accounting and plans to minor in Social Entrepreneurship. Jason is a Breakthrough Scholar, Social Impact Fellow, and serves as Vice President of the Class of 2029 Stern Student Council. In his free time, he enjoys solving jigsaw puzzles, reviewing food spots, watching movies, and chatting with friends.
Josh A. (BS '28)
Studying: Finance, Real Estate
Originally from Long Island, New York, Josh spent his first year at NYU London and is part of the Battery Park cohort. He is studying Finance and Real Estate. In his free time, Josh enjoys running, watching baseball, playing intramural football, and exploring new restaurants with friends.
Josh K. (BS '29)
Studying: Finance, Management
Originally from Chittenden, Vermont, Josh is a member of the Gramercy cohort. He is majoring in Business with concentrations in Finance and Management & Organizations and a minor in Spanish. In his free time, Josh enjoys running, walking through the West Village, and taking photos around the city. When back home, he spends his summers golfing and his winters skiing as often as he can.
Kaila (BS '27)
Studying: Marketing and Management & Organizations
From Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Kaila is a member of the Lower East Side cohort. She is studying Marketing and Management & Organizations with a minor in Media, Culture, and Communication. Kaila is a Breakthrough Scholar, a research assistant in Stern’s Program for Undergraduate Research, a Global Ambassador, and an NYU Admissions Ambassador. She has also studied away at NYU Florence and NYU London. In her free time, she enjoys attending concerts, traveling, and building LEGO.
Kayla (BS '26)
Studying: Computing & Data Science, Sustainable Business
Originally from Queens, New York, Kayla is in the TriBeCa cohort studying Computing & Data Science and Sustainable Business with minors in Producing and American Sign Language. She is involved in NYU Academic Achievement Program, Stern Business Academy, Marketing Society, National Residence Hall Honorary, Alternative Breaks, works as an RA in UHall, and loves traveling, dancing, watching TV, and following sustainability news.
Keerthi (BS '27)
Studying: Finance, Sustainable Business
From Wilton, Connecticut, Keerthi spent her first year at NYU London and is part of the Battery Park cohort. She is studying Finance and Sustainable Business and doing a joint minor in Mathematics and Computer Science. On campus, Keerthi is involved with the Stern Undergraduate Research Program, Scholars of Finance, Stern Political Economy Exchange, and Asian Leadership Initiative. Outside of class she loves hiking, distance running, skiing, ceramics, and sweet treats!
Lavinia (BTE '29)
Studying:  Business, Technology and Entrepreneurship
From Weinheim, Germany, Lavinia is a member of the Midtown cohort. At Stern, she studies in the Anand Khubani Business, Technology and Entrepreneurship program (Khubani BTE) and is part of the Khubani BTE student leadership team, where she serves as Director of Events. She is also involved in Net Impact and the German Club at NYU. In her free time, Lavinia loves exploring the city, traveling the world, and spending time with her dog.
Lina (BS '26)
Studying: Finance, Marketing
From Brooklyn, New York, Lina is in the Tribeca cohort. She is studying Finance and Marketing with a minor in Public Policy and Management. On campus, she is involved with Undergraduate Stern Women in Business (USWIB) and Phi Chi Theta. In her free time, Lina enjoys traveling, exploring NYC’s restaurant scene, and curating her East Coast wardrobe.
Maimouna (BS '27)
Studying: Economics, Marketing
From Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Maimouna is in the FiDi cohort. On campus, she is involved with the Stern Business Academy and Social Impact Fellows. In her free time, Maimouna enjoys collecting vinyl, listening to music, and drinking lots of coffee.
Naomi (BS/MS '28)
Studying: Finance, Accounting
From Jericho, New York, Naomi is in the Midtown cohort. She is studying Finance and Accounting with a minor in French. On campus, Naomi is involved in Stern Accounting Society, Beta Alpha Psi, Social Impact Fellows, and is a research assistant in Stern’s Program for Undergraduate Research. In her free time, Naomi likes to sing classical arias, play tennis, and bake patisseries.
Nehal (BTE '26)
Studying: Business, Technology and Entrepreneurship
From Mumbai, India, Nehal is in the Murray Hill cohort. She is in the Anand Khubani Business, Technology and Entrepreneurship program (Khubani BTE) and is minoring in Creative Writing. At Stern, she serves as the Khubani BTE student leadership Cohort Director. She is also a TA for Infotech in Business & Society and is involved with Beta Alpha Psi. She was previously involved with the Stern Program for Undergraduate Research, Entrepreneurial Exchange Group, and TEDxNYU.
Ravneet (BS/MS '28)
Studying: Finance, Accounting
From Queens, New York, Ravneet is in the Murray Hill cohort. She is studying Finance and Accounting with a minor in Creative Writing. On campus, she is a Berkley Achievement Scholar and is involved with the BS/MS Student Committee, Stern Accounting Society, Undergraduate Stern Women in Business, and the Social Impact Fellows program. In her free time, Ravneet likes to listen to musicals, watch k-dramas, sketch random things, and find free events around the city!
Rebecca (BS '27)
Studying: Computing & Data Science, Finance
From Fairfax, VA, Rebecca spent her first year at NYU London and is in the Battery Park cohort. Rebecca is studying Finance and Data Science and pursuing a minor in Digital Art and Design. On campus, Rebecca is a mentor for other students who started in London. Rebecca loved her study abroad experience in London so much that she also studied a semester at National University Singapore. She enjoys scrapbooking, playing racquet sports, and listening to all genres of music.
Risha (BS'29)
Studying: Finance, Management & Organizations
Originally from Dallas, Texas, Risha is a member of the Murray Hill cohort. She is studying Finance and Management & Organizations with a minor in Fashion Studies. On campus, she is involved in Beta Alpha Psi and Scholars of Finance. In her free time, Risha enjoys crafting, watching movies, baking, hiking, and reading.
Seth (BS '27)
Studying: Finance, Real Estate
From Clarkstown, New York, Seth is in the West Village cohort. He is studying Finance and Real Estate. On campus, he is involved in the Stern Real Estate Group, Scholars of Finance, Beta Alpha Psi, Net Impact, and has served as an Orientation Leader. In his free time, Seth enjoys playing pickleball and other sports, collecting sneakers and comic books, building LEGO sets, and unwinding with tea and plenty of fruit snacks.
Sneha (BS '27)
Studying: Marketing, Computing & Data Science
From Plainsboro, New Jersey, Sneha is in the Midtown cohort. She is studying Marketing and Computing & Data Science with a minor in Psychology. She is part of Undergraduate Stern Women in Business and NYU’s only South Asian Acapella group, New York Masti. She enjoys singing, taking long walks around the city and watching old sitcoms.
Soumya (BTE '27)
Studying: Business, Technology and Entrepreneurship
From Aurora, Illinois, Soumya is in the Tribeca cohort. She is in the Anand Khubani Business, Technology and Entrepreneurship program (Khubani BTE)  and is minoring in Computer Science. At Stern, she has participated in the Social Impact Fellows program, Entrepreneurial Exchange Group, Beta Alpha Psi, and is currently leading the Product Team at Product Management Club. In her free time, Soumya enjoys exploring the city, traveling, listening to music, and building LEGO.
Sean (BS '28)
Studying: Finance, Accounting
Originally from Manhattan, New York, Sean is a member of the Tribeca cohort. He is studying Finance and Accounting with a minor in Mathematics. At Stern, he serves as Class President for the Class of 2028 on the Student Council, Vice President of the NYU Actuarial Society, and is a member of the NYU Table Tennis Team. In his free time, Sean enjoys playing table tennis, exploring New York City, and learning to fly.
Victoria (BS'29)
Studying: Finance, Management & Organizations
Originally from Toronto, Canada, Victoria is a member of the Tribeca cohort. She is studying Finance and Management & Organizations with a minor in Philosophy. At Stern, she is involved in Management Consulting Group, Net Impact, International Business Association, Beta Alpha Psi, and the Social Impact Fellows program. In her free time, Victoria enjoys dancing, playing sports, painting, hiking, and more.
Wendy (BPE '26)
Studying: Business and Political Economy
From Santa Barbara, CA, Wendy is in the Lower East Side cohort. She is studying Business and Political Economy with a minor in Chinese. Wendy is a Breakthrough Scholar and mentor, a Social Impact Fellow, and on the E-board for the Mexican American Student Association, NYU’s Folklorico, and Latina Scholars. She has studied abroad at NYU Shanghai, NYU London, and NYU Madrid, but when in New York she loves trying new restaurants and dancing with the Aztec dance group, Cetiliztli Nauhcampa.