URL: https://www.stern.nyu.edu/programs-admissions/undergraduate/academics/bs-degree-business-and-political-economy
TITLE: BS Degree in Business and Political Economy - NYU Stern

A unique global perspective
BS in Business and Political Economy
Travel the world and unpack the influence of global markets, governments, and policy on economic outcomes.
NYU Stern’s
Business and Political Economy (BPE) program
is a four-year, STEM-eligible degree that combines business fundamentals and social impact with an in-depth study of political economy—examining how markets, governments, and policies shape global economic outcomes. All this while offering you the flexibility to pursue elective courses and minors across New York University
The
two required semesters of study away
will give you a real-world understanding of today’s global business environment and satisfy the Global Experience requirement. You'll spend your sophomore fall semester at NYU London and your junior spring semester at NYU Shanghai. You'll have the option to spend a third semester away at an NYU Global site of your choice.
The BPE degree will prepare you for a broad array of international business careers at multinational corporations, in government, at non-profit organizations, and more.
NYU Stern works with faculty, alumni, and leading industry partners to develop programs that help you
explore careers, prepare for recruitment, and connect with employers
. As a BPE student, you will have access to a wide range of professional development programs and opportunities.
Student and Alumni Voices: BPE in Practice
Current students and alumni share how BPE has supported their education and their careers.
Read the Stories
A BPE Graduate's Unexpected Path
BPE alumnus Gabriel Kauachi leveraged the education and perspective he gained from the program to land a job at a top banking institution, but his path was far from linear. He gives students his advice on trying new things and seeing what happens!
Read the article
By the Numbers
2
required semesters of study away
2
disciplines in one degree
4
years to finish your degree
Get an Overview of Your Curriculum
Learn about BPE Semesters Abroad
Explore Frequently Asked Questions
Sternies Say...
Vidula
"I am grateful to have gotten so much exposure to other cultures and countries through my BPE experience. I was very interested in economic development going into it, and that thread has continued through my career to this day."
Read the full alumni voices Q&A