URL: https://www.stern.nyu.edu/programs-admissions/undergraduate/why-stern/admissions/apply
TITLE: Admissions - NYU Stern

Are you Stern?
Admissions
Are you smart, driven, and eager to learn? We encourage you to apply.
Get Started
Visit and Connect:
Here are a few ways you can connect with us to learn even more about life at NYU Stern!
At an NYU admissions event
Catch the
NYU Stern Street Team
giving group tours of Tisch Hall—home of the NYU Stern Undergraduate College—at
NYU’s main admissions events
in the fall (Open House!) and spring (Weekend on the Square!) The
NYU Admissions webpage
gives many opportunities to connect in-person and virtually with NYU.
Attend a virtual info session
It’s your chance to get a taste of the
NYU Stern student experience
, as told by real NYU Stern students on the
NYU Stern Street Team
in these interactive sessions. Check back in the fall for our Fall 2026 virtual info session dates!
The Stern info sessions cover the student experience at Stern from real students, but
we do not cover the college application or admissions process
.
NYU Admissions virtual info sessions
will walk you through the NYU admissions process! Check them out, too!
Connect via email
You can also email
streetteam@stern.nyu.edu
to correspond with a student. The Street Team is excited to share their experiences as students at NYU Stern! The Street Team does not give admissions advice: please email the admissions office at
admissions@nyu.edu
for questions regarding applying to NYU Stern. The Street Team is unable to host one-on-one meetings or conduct tours outside of events.
Find us on social media
Keep up with what's happening at NYU Stern by following us on
Instagram
.
How to Apply:
You must determine which undergraduate program at NYU is right for you before you apply, and select that program on your application. You will select one of NYU Stern's three undergraduate programs on your application: the core
BS in Business
(with the option of demonstrating interest in the First Year London opportunity), the
BS in Business and Political Economy (BPE)
or the
Anand Khubani BS in Business, Technology and Entrepreneurship (BTE)
. Due to limited space, students who apply to the BPE and BTE programs are also considered for the core BS in Business degree.
Admission into the NYU Stern School of Business Undergraduate College is handled through New York University's Office of Undergraduate Admissions. For more information or to apply, visit the
website of the NYU Office of Undergraduate Admissions
, and make sure to review their
application deadlines
!
Connect with a Current Student
Learn about Financial Aid
Find Info for Transfer Applicants