URL: https://www.stern.nyu.edu/programs-admissions/undergraduate/future-success/professional-development
TITLE: Professional Development - NYU Stern

NYU is #1 in Employability of Graduates
Professional Development
Explore, prepare, and connect with our Professional Development Series, Alumni Career Engagement, technical training programs, and much more.
NYU Stern’s Professional Development & Career Education (PDCE)
team works with student clubs, alumni, and leading industry partners to develop programs that help students explore careers, prepare for recruitment and professional environments, and connect to Stern alumni and industry professionals. PDCE programs, including one-on-one career coaching, complement the career and recruiting services offered by the
NYU Wasserman Center for Career Development
.
Explore
Stern Talks
are a series of alumni-led "TED talk-style" presentations open to the entire NYU Stern student body. They allow you to explore popular business areas like marketing, sustainability, finance, and tech. Required programming for all first-year students, Stern Talks not only opens your eyes to career options you may not have considered but also ensures that all incoming students have a shared foundational knowledge of common industries and career paths.
NYU Stern professional clubs and organizations
allow Stern students to explore their interests by learning from their peers and engaging directly with alumni and professionals through workshops and social events. Stern's pre-professional clubs represent areas ranging from marketing and finance to analytics and social impact. Clubs not only promote a wide range of career interests but also support diverse communities. The PDCE team partners with Stern’s professional clubs to help support their programming.
NYU Stern PDCE Peer Mentors
are seniors with knowledge and experience in a wide range of popular industries, including fintech, entertainment, finance, marketing, and accounting, to name a few. PDCE Peer mentors are available to meet with you as you explore your options. These knowledgeable and friendly students love meeting other NYU Stern undergraduates and providing advice and guidance about anything from classes to careers to life as an NYU student.
Prepare
Firm Spotlight Sessions
are informative events organized by firms to provide you with valuable insights into the company, its recruitment process, and available opportunities. These sessions are hosted by recruiters, alumni, and professionals who share their expertise on a wide range of topics, including day-to-day job responsibilities, recruitment tips, and personal experiences. You'll benefit from the opportunity to not only gain an in-depth understanding of the company but also to develop transferable recruitment skills and enhance your knowledge about popular business industries and job functions.
Training the Street
is a one-day boot camp that equips you with comprehensive financial modeling skills, covering financial statements, valuation techniques, and other essential components of financial analysis. The program sets you up for success in interviews and provides real-world skills to make them more effective in internships and full-time roles across a range of finance functions.
The Consulting Casing Bootcamp
is an annual workshop series that offers a step-by-step breakdown of the essential skills required for undergraduates to excel in consulting case interviews. The program is facilitated by Stern MBA students who have successfully secured full-time roles at top strategy consulting firms. You'll have the opportunity to learn the fundamentals of case interviewing, practice putting your skills to use, and meet with the workshop facilitators for one-on-one office hours.
Recruitment Ready
is an annual event for NYU Stern sophomores that covers a range of essential topics to help students prepare for recruitment, including networking strategies, resume review, and exploring business industries. With its comprehensive programming, Recruitment Ready is an excellent opportunity for you to learn about recruitment timelines, develop an internship search strategy, and gain the skills you need to pursue your authentic career interests.
Connect
Alumni Career Engagement (ACE)
allows you to network with and receive personalized career guidance from NYU Stern alumni. Alumni meet with students to discuss career opportunities within particular industries and firms and offer general advice to support your professional development and career preparation.
Professionals in Residence (PiR)
is an initiative that connects NYU Stern students with alumni and industry professionals for short, one-on-one informational interviews. The program offers you personalized career guidance from professionals with extensive experience in their respective industries while also practicing networking and expanding their connections.
Sternies Say...
Julie
"I interned with an event planning startup, a social media startup, a global cosmetics company, and a global management consulting company. Stern provided me with abundant resources to explore my professional interests."
Sponsors