URL: https://www.stern.nyu.edu/programs-admissions/undergraduate/academics
TITLE: Academics - NYU Stern

Your city, your classroom
Academics
A business foundation grounded in the liberal arts. Faculty at the top of their fields. A focus on social impact. Flexibility to pursue passions and see the world.
As a high school student, you can apply directly to either the BS in Business program, the BS in Business and Political Economy program, or the Anand Khubani BS in Business, Technology and Entrepreneurship program.
BS in Business
In our flagship STEM-eligible degree program, you will choose from
12 business concentrations
and build on your experience with
six interdisciplinary tracks
. Plus, use your
44 elective credits
to pursue your interests across NYU.
Learn More
BS in Business and Political Economy (BPE)
Gain a unique
global perspective
with the BPE degree's tailored STEM-eligible curriculum that focuses on the intersection of
business, economics, and politics
. The program will prepare you for a career in international business and requires
two semesters of study away
.
Learn more
Anand Khubani BS in Business, Technology and Entrepreneurship
Develop a unique
technology and entrepreneurship
perspective with the Khubani BTE degree’s STEM-eligible curriculum that consists of immersive courses that will position you for a career in business and technology, consulting, banking, or to start your own venture.
Learn more
Current BS in Business students can also choose to apply to one of our dual-degree programs.
BS in Business/MS in Accounting
Earn your STEM-eligible Bachelor's degree with NYU Stern and your Master's degree with NYU Stern Graduate School in
four years plus one summer
. NYU Stern's Accounting program is ranked in the
top 10 in the U.S.
Learn More
BS in Business/BFA in Film and Television
Earn concurrent degrees from
NYU Stern and NYU Tisch
in this five-year STEM-eligible program that will prepare you for an exciting career in the entertainment industry. You will have access to the
boundless resources
of these two world-class NYU schools.
Learn More
By the numbers
482
tenured, tenure-track, clinical, visiting, and adjunct faculty
40%
of students minor in the liberal arts
50%
of our business education is grounded in the liberal arts
65
faculty-led student academic research projects annually
160
student participants in Stern Program for Undergraduate Research (SPUR) annually
Sternies Say...
Rachel
"NYU Stern's curriculum has supported me through many shifts in academic interests throughout college from experiential courses working with NYC startups, to rigorous statistics classes through its holistic offerings."
Visit and Connect
Discover Why Stern
Apply to NYU Stern