URL: https://www.stern.nyu.edu/programs-admissions/undergraduate/vibrant-community/student-clubs-and-organizations
TITLE: Student Clubs and Organizations - NYU Stern

Get Involved
Student Clubs and Organizations
Join one of NYU Stern's student organizations, represent your cohort or class year on Student Council, or participate in one of 400+ NYU clubs.
Actuarial Society
: Providing students with an exposure to actuarial science as a discipline and as a potential career opportunity.
Asian Leadership Initiative
: Empowering ambitious AAPI students to excel in their professional careers while driving meaningful impact in their industries and communities.
Beta Alpha Psi
: Stern's Finance, Accounting, and Information Systems honors society.
BlackGen Capital
: Creating a pipeline for talented Black, Hispanic and Native American students interested in entering the financial services industry.
Blockchain and Fintech Club
: Educating students about the intricacies of technology-enabled advancements in the financial sector, decentralized finance, and Web3 Development.
Business Analytics Club
: Leveraging technology solutions for the business and financial world.
Capital Markets Club
: Helping students to understand the major players and forces that shape our financial system.
Climate & Energy Club
: Providing educational content, career resources, and insights into the evolving energy and climate sectors.
Economic Development Group
: Connecting students with the necessary resources for applying their business skills to economic development opportunities in developing countries.
Entrepreneurial Exchange Group
: Offering speakers and workshops for students with entrepreneurial interests to learn, network, and be inspired.
Finance Society
: Educating members on skills integral to a successful career in finance.
International Business Association
: Promoting global thinking and helping students find careers at international organizations inside and outside the U.S.
Investment Analysis Group
: Managing NYU's only undergraduate investment portfolio.
Luxury and Retail Association
: Dedicated to forging ties between students and the luxury and retail industries.
Marketing Society
: A community exploring the different opportunities, strategies, and developments in the marketing world.
Management Consulting Group
: Helping students build the necessary skill sets required to succeed in consulting.
Middle East Business Association
: Exploring enterprise and capital markets in the Middle East while promoting a better understanding of the region and fostering community.
Net Impact
: Changing the world through socially responsible business.
Phi Chi Theta
: Embracing the meaning of fraternity with common interests in Business and Economics
Pride Corp
: Offering LGBTQ students and allies a forum to connect and increase awareness.
Quantitative Finance Society
: Educating students about securities training, investment analysis, financial markets, portfolio management, and the macroeconomy.
Scholars of Finance
: Preparing students for careers in any industry through self-reflection, values-based development, and mentoring with experienced professionals.
Stern Accounting Society
: Dedicated to helping members learn about and discover opportunities within accounting.
Stern Business and Law Association
: Understanding the intersection of business and law and exploring the changing legal field.
Stern Jewish Business Association
: Mentorship, networking, and professional development; welcoming all students interested in the Jewish community's impact on the business world
Stern Political Economy Exchange
: Exploring the intersections between business, politics, and economics.
Stern Real Estate Group
: Approaching real estate with a finance focus and engaging with the real estate industry.
Stern Student Council
: The governing body of the Stern undergraduate community, advocating for the needs of students and holding school-wide programming.
Special Situations Investing Group
: Raising awareness and creating opportunities for students in special situations investing.
Stern Tisch Entertainment and Business Associatio
n
: Bringing together diverse and talented students who share an interest in the entertainment industry.
Strategic Venture Society
: Connecting students with venture capitalists, technology startups, and entrepreneurs who are changing the world.
Supporting Excellence and Advocating Diversity
: Fostering a community of educated, innovative, and engaged business leaders through professional development, academic enrichment, and leadership development.
The Private Equity Group
: Informing undergraduate students about the private equity industry.
Undergraduate Stern Women in Business
: Promoting female and non-binary students' personal and professional development and creating a supportive community.
Undergraduate Latin American Business Association
: A hub for professional opportunities and learning experiences related to Latin America.
NYU Stern Professional Clubs
Student clubs promote professional development in a broad range of industries and interests – from finance and accounting, to social impact, to entertainment. Many of the clubs focus on career development and cultivate strong relationships with companies, organizations, and NYU Stern alumni. The student-led Inter-Club Council oversees NYU Stern's club system.
Explore the inter-club council
NYU Stern Student Council
NYU Stern Student Council, the official student governing body, strives to strengthen the NYU and Stern community and provide an open forum for all NYU Stern students. Student Council also provides a wide array of social programming that brings the community together, hosting events such as Casino Night, Class Wars, Fall Harvest, the Stern Talent Show, Semi-Formal, and more.
Learn about Stern Student Council
NYU Clubs
NYU's club system is comprised of more than 400 student-led clubs – from Chess Club to Cheese Club and so many more. In addition to the clubs you can get involved in at NYU Stern, there are many more ways to discover a new community, hobby, or passion by joining an NYU Club. At the start of every semester, NYU hosts Club Fest, where you can explore clubs, join their mailing lists, and start getting involved.
Find out about NYU's Clubs