URL: https://www.stern.nyu.edu/programs-admissions/undergraduate/vibrant-community/parents
TITLE: Parents and Families - NYU Stern

Support your student's journey
Parents and Families
Helpful resources for families of prospective, admitted, and current students.
Whether your student is planning to apply to NYU or embracing their newfound independence as a Violet, you remain a guiding compass in their educational endeavors. Tap into our support system to empower your student in their path toward success at NYU and beyond.
For Families of Prospective Students
Learn more about Stern's programs
Admission to NYU Stern's Undergraduate College is highly selective. Here's how to get started.
For Families of Admitted Students
Learn more about admitted student next steps
Every spring, NYU hosts admitted students and their families on campus. Learn about programs, next steps, and important dates.
For Families of New Students
Learn more about new parents and family resources
Every fall, we host events just for you as parents of new NYU Stern students, like Families Day, which is typically in October. Learn about programs and helpful links.
For Families of Graduating Students
Learn more about graduation ceremonies
In May, we invite you to commemorate the hard work and achievements of your NYU Stern student and celebrate the newest class of graduating students. Learn about NYU's All-University Commencement exercises and the NYU Stern Undergraduate Baccalaureate Ceremony.
NYU Parents and Families Resources
NYU Parents and Families Hotline
Subscribe to the Parents & Families Email List
About Stern and NYU
Why Stern
NYU Stern By the Numbers
University Academic Calendar
Academics at Stern
Global Experiences at Stern
Safety and Campus Resources
Emergency Information
Campus Safety Services
Student Information and Resources
Office of Global Inclusion (OGI)
Admissions
NYU Undergraduate Admissions
Visit NYU
Virtual Info Sessions
Financial Aid and Scholarships
NYU Office of Financial Aid
Scholarships and Grants
Tuition and Fees