URL: https://www.stern.nyu.edu/programs-admissions/undergraduate/why-stern
TITLE: Why Stern - NYU Stern

Pause video
Play video
NYU Stern Undergraduate College
Why Stern
Change. Dare It. Dream It. Drive It.
Visit our Campus
Explore Stern by the Numbers
Apply to NYU Stern
Why Stern
We are pioneers. Since first opening our doors in 1900, the NYU Stern School of Business has built a one-of-a-kind undergraduate business program located in the very heart of New York City. Guided by
our Five Pillars
, the Undergraduate College is proud to offer its students a rewarding academic experience, a deep dive into social responsibility, a globally inclusive perspective, exploration of diverse industries and careers, and a truly inspirational community as unique as the vibrant city we call home. At Stern, you are given all the confidence and opportunity to be fully prepared for anything this ever-changing world throws your way.
We encourage you to explore this page and discover how these five pillars guide and shape the Stern experience and answer your burning question:
“Why should I go to Stern?”
Undergraduate College Pillar
Academics
We take pride in our well-rounded education and approach our academics with honesty and integrity.
5
degree programs
50%
of our coursework is grounded in the Liberal Arts
65
faculty-led student academic research projects annually
Top-Flight Academics
A business foundation grounded in the liberal arts. Faculty at the top of their fields. A focus on social impact. Flexibility to pursue passions and see the world.
Through each of our five comprehensive degree programs, we are committed to providing you with an innovative and well-rounded business education rooted in the liberal arts. There is no one set path for a Stern undergraduate—you have the freedom and flexibility to explore several areas of business and to incorporate minors and additional majors from across NYU.
Academics at Stern
BS in Business
Our flagship program.
Choose from 12 Concentrations, 6 Interdisciplinary Tracks, and round out your degree with 44 Elective Credits.
You also have the opportunity to start your first year in London.
STEM eligible.
Explore the BS in Business Degree
BS in Business and Political Economy
Gain a unique global perspective that examines how markets, governments, and policies shape global economic outcomes.
Prepares you for a career in international business.
Two full semesters of global study at NYU's global campuses.
STEM eligible.
Explore the BPE Degree
Anand Khubani BS in Business, Technology and Entrepreneurship
Focus on the crossroads of business, technology, and entrepreneurship.
Gain the business and technology tools, and analytical and critical thinking skills, needed to lead multidisciplinary teams with creativity and know-how.
Immersive courses in technology and entrepreneurship.
STEM eligible.
Explore the Khubani BTE Degree
BS in Business/MS in Accounting
Earn both your BS in Business and MS in Accounting in only four years plus one summer.
Earn your Master's Degree concurrently with your Undergraduate degree in an accelerated time frame.
Allows you to apply for the Certified Public Accounting exam and earn the CPA credentials.
STEM eligible.
Explore the BS/MS in Accounting
BS in Business/BFA in Film and Television
A five-year program that prepares you for an exciting career in the entertainment business.
Earn concurrent degrees from NYU Stern and NYU Tisch in five years.
Access the boundless resources of both world-class NYU schools.
STEM eligible.
Explore the BS/BFA Program
Undergraduate College Pillar
Social Impact
We’re eager to use business to create a positive impact, and we take this responsibility seriously.
1998
NYU Stern introduced social impact to the curriculum
4
required social impact courses
200
students who serve as Social Impact Fellows annually
Make Social Impact
Every day, business shapes and impacts the world around us. We encourage you to think critically about its role in society and your influence as a future leader.
Stern Undergraduates are the future of business. Inside the classroom, you will take part in the groundbreaking Social Impact Core curriculum, recognized by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching as a model for undergraduate business education. The Social Impact Core is a required four-year, four-course sequence designed to immerse you in the fundamental issues facing society, and how business, in concert with other organizations, can be used to solve them. In the Social Impact Core, you will take the following courses:
Business and Society
This course introduces you to the complexity of the relationship between business and other societal institutions. Through a series of eminent guest speakers and small group discussions, you will explore a series of global challenges through the lens of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and learn about corporate strategies that create sustainable value for society.
Organizational Communication and Its Social Context
This course focuses on the societal expectations that companies must address and helps you understand processes of influence and persuasion while gaining the skills required to communicate effectively with different stakeholders.
Law, Business, and Society
In this course, you will study the role of law in shaping and governing the conduct of business, and the role of commerce in our society.
Professional Responsibility and Leadership
This capstone course allows you to reflect on why you are embarking on a career in business, and how you intend to act as business professionals. You will think systemically about the risks and sources of resilience relevant to your professional life and cultivate the habit of engaging in reflective dialogue with diverse stakeholders.
Students who wish to explore beyond the core are also able to take additional social impact classes, participate in social impact-related student organizations, or pursue a concentration in Sustainable Business.
Social Impact at Stern
Undergraduate College Pillar
Global
We seize opportunities to expand our perspectives and serve as global ambassadors.
16
NYU Study Away sites
17
partner schools in NYU Stern's International Business Exchange Program
5
Stern Around the World short-term immersion courses
At Home, Across the World
No other business school does global quite like NYU Stern.
Here, you will explore the Global Business Core Curriculum—a unique module that brings different worldviews on business into perspective and provides a robust foundation in global business strategy.
Global Experience Requirement
We value opportunities for our students to expand their perspectives and serve as global ambassadors. That's why our students are required to complete one Global Experience through select NYU and Stern programs. NYU Stern is committed to making a Global Experience accessible for all students with demonstrated financial need.
NYU Global Programs
Take advantage of the world’s first truly global university. With NYU’s 13 global academic centers and three degree-granting campuses spread all over the world, studying away has never been easier. You’ll take NYU classes with NYU professors and earn NYU credits no matter which location you choose. This opportunity is open to all NYU Stern sophomores, juniors, and seniors.
International Business Exchange
Spend a semester studying at another one of the world's top business schools. With 17 partner schools throughout Europe and Asia, you can earn liberal arts and business credits while exploring a new intellectual and cultural environment. IBEX is exclusively open to NYU Stern juniors and seniors.
Short-Term Immersions
Stern Around the World (SAW) Short-Term Immersion courses combine semester-long coursework completed at our New York City campus with a short-term trip to a location in the U.S. or other country to enrich the academic experience. Recent courses have explored business and culture in Singapore, Costa Rica, and Japan.
Global Programs at Stern
Undergraduate College Pillar
Professional
We act with professionalism as we explore our interests and shape our future.
250+
alumni and professionals engaging in Stern career-related programming annually
98%
placement within 3 months after graduation
Download the most recent Stern Undergraduate Career Outcomes Report
$107,420
average total compensation (including bonus)
Unparalleled Career Prospects
Explore diverse career paths and discover your dream career. We help you get there.
Here, you will have access to a vast array of resources to aid in your professional development and help maximize the truly unique opportunities that New York City has to offer. Our Professional Development & Career Education (PDCE) team works with faculty, alumni, and leading industry partners to develop programs that will help you explore career paths, prepare for recruitment and professional environments, and connect to Stern alumni and industry professionals. PDCE programs complement the career and recruiting services offered at NYU’s award-winning Wasserman Center for Career Development. These two robust professional offerings, combined with the multitude of local industries, give you a unique and personalized career-building experience unlike any other.
Professional Resources at Stern
Undergraduate College Pillar
Community
We support each other and foster an inclusive community where everyone can grow and excel.
35
NYU Stern clubs and organizations
900+
Student-led events funded by NYU Stern annually
1,500+
Signature Experience Series attendees annually
Vibrant Community
A business school with a tight-knit community, the resources of a big university, and the opportunities of a major city. Win-win-win.
At Stern, we believe every student deserves to feel a sense of belonging and be empowered to engage as their authentic self. This foundation helps students reach their full potential and fosters a community as vibrant, passionate, and diverse as New York City itself.
We offer a wide range of social programs that encourage involvement within the Stern community and across NYU and NYC. Students have ample opportunities to build friendships with classmates, form meaningful connections with faculty, and collaborate with administrators and staff to pursue new interests.
Community at Stern
Sternies Say...
Katie
"During my college search process, I found NYU Stern's dedication to Social Impact particularly unique. Ever since I came to Stern, the curriculum has transformed how I view business as a force of good and taught me how to harness business to solve the various social dilemmas and issues we experience today."