URL: https://www.stern.nyu.edu/programs-admissions/undergraduate/academics/bs-degree-business
TITLE: BS Degree in Business - NYU Stern

More Than a Business Degree
BS in Business
A well-rounded education that prepares you for a limitless future.
NYU Stern’s
BS in Business program
is a four-year, STEM-eligible degree where
you will receive a well-rounded education in the liberal arts, business fundamentals, global business, and social impact.
While every BS in Business student majors in business, our flexible curriculum allows you to
concentrate in your choice of
12 areas of business
, including finance, marketing, real estate, and more. Each concentration has its specialty: for example, the Computing & Data Science concentration allows students to gain hands-on experience in artificial intelligence and advanced data analysis, and the Sustainable Business concentration challenges students to embed sustainability into core business strategy.
You can also experience an interdisciplinary approach to business using our
tracks
as a coursework roadmap to develop skills in areas of interest that cross traditional disciplines, such as luxury marketing, business analytics, and more. Anyone can pursue a double major and there are hundreds of minors across NYU to choose from.
Hallmarks of the BS in Business Degree include the
Social Impact Core
, a required four-course sequence that provides an in-depth look at the impact of business on society, and a
Global Experience requirement
to expand your perspective and serve as a global ambassador.
NYU Stern works with faculty, alumni, and leading industry partners to develop programs that help you
explore careers, prepare for recruitment, and connect with employers
. You will have access to a wide range of
professional development programs and opportunities
.
Our Global Experience Requirement ensures all students in the BS in Business program will have an authentic global experience while studying here at NYU Stern. The majority of BS in Business students start their college career on the NYC campus, but the
London Global Gateway Program
(formerly known as First-Year London Opportunity) allows you to spend your first year at NYU London before returning to Stern's NYC campus to complete the remainder of your BS in Business degree program. This academic experience is particularly well-suited for those who may be interested in pursuing a career in Europe or in international business more broadly.
By the Numbers
12
concentrations (areas of study)
44
elective credits
4
required social impact courses
Explore our areas of study
Get an overview of your curriculum
Sternies Say...
Daniel
"Coming into college, I didn't know anything about business or what I wanted to do. The BS in business program gave me the flexibility to explore any field I found interesting while still ensuring that I would get a world class education."