URL: https://www.stern.nyu.edu/programs-admissions/undergraduate/vibrant-community/breakthrough-scholars-leadership-program
TITLE: Breakthrough Scholars Leadership Program - NYU Stern

Breakthrough Scholars Leadership Program
The Breakthrough Scholars Leadership Program is a four-year program that equips a select group of highly talented and high-performing recipients from all backgrounds with the skills and relationships needed to grow and excel at school and in their professional careers by attending the Stern Undergraduate College with a full scholarship.
History
The Breakthrough Scholars Leadership Program was founded in 2015 by NYU Leonard N. Stern School of Business and the NYU Leadership Initiative. Peter Henry, Stern Dean Emeritus, was the driving force behind the creation of the program, and John Sexton, NYU President Emeritus, served as the faculty advisor during the first year of the program. Since its inception, the program has evolved to meet the current needs of Scholars and to further align with the priorities of the Stern Undergraduate College.
Vision
To empower high-achieving students with exceptional ability and fortitude to make a positive impact in their personal and professional lives.
Mission
Through academic excellence, leadership development, and career readiness, Stern equips Scholars with the skills, relationships, and experiences to help them succeed in their undergraduate career.
Program Benefits
Breakthrough Scholars enjoy benefits including but not limited to:
Full financial support: tuition, housing & meal plan, book allowance
First-Year Seminar
Cohort-based leadership curriculum
Corporate visits multiple times per year
Professional development workshops
One-on-one coaching
Exclusive networking opportunities
Mentorship
Leadership opportunities
Leadership Highlights
Breakthrough Scholars are engaged members of the NYU Stern community. Past Scholars have held key Stern leadership positions, including President of the Student Council and the Stern Baccalaureate speaker, among others.
Career Highlights
Past Breakthrough Scholar graduates have gone on to pursue impressive professional careers. Employers include:
Accenture
ACON Investments
Bloomberg Philanthropies
Citibank
Goldman Sachs
Google
Hearst
J.P. Morgan
LiveNation
PwC
Eligibility
Breakthrough Scholars are selected upon admission to NYU Stern Undergraduate College.
Featured News
Transforming Lives through Scholarship: Meet 3 Undergraduate Breakthrough Scholars
Meet Varinia Munoz (BS/MS ’19), Aldo Gonzalez (BS ’20), and Dena Samad (BS/MS ’19) who participated in the Breakthrough Scholars program.
Read the Story
On Being a 'Sternie': Reflection From a Breakthrough Scholar
Karen Carrillo (BS ’21) shares more about what being a Breakthrough Scholar means to her.
Read the Story
Diversity at Stern
Read News about the Program's Donor