URL: https://www.butler.edu/academics/butler-executive-education/cfp-test-prep-certificate
TITLE: CFP® Test Prep Certificate | Butler University

CFP® Test Prep Certificate
Our online CFP® Exam test-prep course—done in partnership with Kaplan Financial—is designed for working professionals looking to advance in the industry, those seeking a career change to the financial, banking, accounting, and insurance fields, and those preparing to take the CFP® exam.
The certificate is offered in two different, seven-course online packages—Essential and EssentialPlus—both offering over 22 hours of online instruction, preparing test takers with every possible CFP® Exam topic.
Our expert support toolkits, which include the Education QBank interactive exams and quizzes and Performance Tracker, allow you to put what you’re learning to practice and track your progress along the way.
See how you can conveniently pay for each course at a time.
You can complete this program on your schedule with up to 90 days to complete each course.
Education Packages
EssentialPlus Package*$849 per course
Essential Package**$749 per course
Instruction
OnDemand Class
Textbooks
eBook
eBook
Study Planner
Included
Included
Education QBank
Included
Included
Performance Tracker
Included
Included
Core Lecture Videos
Included
Included
Instructor Email Access
Included
Included
*Course 107 contains unique materials via your online classroom, specifically designed to assist you in developing a financial plan.
**Available for courses 101–106.
Enroll
Request More Information
Course FP511: General Financial Planning Principles, Professional Conduct, and Regulation
Your first course is an introduction to the concepts and profession of personal financial planning. You will gain an understanding of the role and responsibilities of a financial planner, along with some analytical skills to aid in financial decision-making.
Topics in the course include the financial planning process, securities regulation and licensing, CFP Board ethics, the economic environment, the time value of money, and planning for special situations such as a college education, the formation and operation of a closely held business, and disability. The course also previews wealth accumulation, tax, retirement, and estate planning techniques.
Course FP512: Risk Management, Insurance, and Employee Benefits
This course considers risk management principles and the various types of insurance coverage in the marketplace today, focusing on the role of planning for insurance needs.
Insurance topics include life, medical expense, and property/casualty policies, as well as long term care and disability. It also covers benefits made available to employees by employers—commonly referred to as employee or fringe benefits. Employee benefit topics include group policies, deferred compensation, equity-based compensation, and business applications of life insurance.
Course FP513: Investment Planning
The third course follows sound investment principles as a primary means of wealth accumulation for financial planning clients. In turn, the process of wealth accumulation provides the funds necessary to achieve many financial planning goals.
In this course, you will learn investment concepts as well as effective investment planning strategies for helping your clients accumulate wealth. Asset allocation principles are reviewed, modern portfolio management theory is explained, and the importance of tax-efficient investing is considered.
Course FP514: Tax Planning
This course discusses effective income tax planning strategies, whether personal or related to clients’ business interests. This course reviews tax planning basics—individual income tax calculations, deductions, exemptions, and credits.
Key topics include the disposition of property, cost recovery, passive activity losses, charitable contributions, and alternative minimum tax. Because planners often assist clients who own businesses, the tax characteristics of various business entities and tax planning for those businesses are also discussed in this course. Finally, trust and estate taxation techniques are presented.
Course FP515: Retirement Savings and Income Planning
Your fifth course deals with the single most important issue millions of people will be facing in the years to come: affording to retire. Normally, the amount of money necessary to achieve this goal is substantial and, just like the satisfaction of any other financial goal, requires significant planning.
It covers determination of the retirement savings need and subsequently considers both government and employer-sponsored methods of providing for one’s retirement. Distribution options from corporate retirement plans are reviewed, as well as the suitability of an investment portfolio in ensuring a comfortable and profitable retirement.
Course FP516: Estate Planning
Once the wealth accumulation process is complete, distributing excess wealth is a primary goal for many financial planning clients. This course presents the challenges of effective estate planning raised by tax code changes.
It begins with a consideration of the estate planning process and the documents of transfer. The course then addresses the unified transfer tax system and the calculation of an individual’s estate tax liability. Estate planning techniques such as trusts, marital and charitable deduction vehicles, and intra-family business and property transfers are then discussed. The course ends with a consideration of postmortem tax planning.
Course FP517: Financial Plan Development
In the final course of the program, you will receive instruction and review sample financial plans based on various case facts. You will then be required to complete a written financial plan, which you will also present orally.