URL: https://www.butler.edu/admission-aid/first-year/applying-as-a-first-year-student
TITLE: Applying as a First-Year Student | Butler University

Applying as a First-Year Student
We won’t sugar coat it—applying to college can be stressful. But hey, take a deep breath. You’ve got this!
We’ve done our best to keep our first-year admission process straightforward. Our team is here to help every step of the way, so don’t feel like you have to wait until our application opens (August 1, by the way) to
ask a question
.
What We’re Looking For
We want to get to know the
whole you
through the application process, but stats are a good way of knowing where you stand. These figures represent the first-year class that will enter in fall 2025:
Applicants:
10,920
Enrolling first year students:
1,259
GPA (middle 50%):
3.61–4.16
ACT (middle 50%):
26–30*
SAT (middle 50%):
1160–1330*
SAT Evidence-Based Reading and Writing: 590-680; SAT Math: 570-660
*Test scores are for those who did not apply test-optional.
Data reflective of June 2025.
Start or complete a Common App
Check your application status
Preparing to Apply
High School Coursework
The classes you take in high school and the grades you earn are important factors. Prospective first-year students are expected to have the following academic preparation:
English: 4 years
Mathematics: 3 years
Laboratory Science: 3 years
Social Studies/History: 3 years
World Language: 2 years of the same language
If you’re planning to major in the Natural Sciences, Pre-Pharmacy, Health Sciences, Healthcare and Business, Computer Science, or Mathematics, you should take additional units of science and math.
Advanced Course Placement
Students who successfully complete AP, International Baccalaureate, or dual-credit courses in high school are eligible for advanced course placement at Butler.
Learn more.
First-Year Application Checklist
Here’s a summary of what you’ll need to complete your application:
Common App
Students applying to Butler can apply using the
Common App
. Butler requires a non-refundable $50 application fee (paid via the Common App). Eligible students with financial need may qualify for an application fee waiver through the Common App.
Writing Sample, Personal Statement, or Essay
Students should use one of the essay prompts provided in the Common App platform in 650 words or less. Alternatively, you may submit a personal statement or essay on a topic of your choice. Submit your writing sample with your application.
Official High School Transcript
Request that your school counseling office or registrar send us your official high school transcript. Include all high schools previously attended. Transcripts should reflect coursework completed through your junior year.
When you list your school counselor/registrar information in your application, we’ll automatically send an email request for these materials on your behalf.
School Report
The School Report is a supporting document that should be completed by your high school counselor and commonly accompanies the transcript and high school profile. The report provides Butler with an overview of your high school, including coursework and rigor of curriculum available. This counselor recommendation will include information about your academic performance and assess your potential for success at Butler.
OPTIONAL: Test Scores
We know you’re more than standardized test scores—that’s why we’ve made them optional.
Learn more about test-optional admission.
If you choose to apply with standardized test scores, you can submit them in three different ways: submit self-reported scores on the application for admission, submit official scores directly from testing services, or ask your high school to send an official transcript, if your high school includes test scores on its transcripts. We accept the SAT (code 1073) or the ACT (code 1180).
If you self-report your scores, you are required to have official scores sent from the testing service or provided on an official transcript from your high school within three weeks of submitting your enrollment deposit (summer or fall entry) or December 1 (spring entry).
OPTIONAL: Résumé
Think of the résumé as a chance to provide us with a summary of your activities and interests. It doesn’t need to be fancy—you are welcome to submit a simple list!  Include your high school activities, clubs, hobbies, and community engagement. And—don’t forget—work and family responsibilities can be important to share as well.
OPTIONAL: Letter(s) of Recommendation
While this is not a requirement, there may be instances where you’d like to have letters of recommendation submitted by your supporters. These letters are often submitted by teachers, but may also be from your school counselor or other non-academic recommenders like coaches, employers, or mentors. These individuals provide insight into your success in the classroom, but can also offer an overview of your interests and activities outside of the classroom.
First-Year Admission Deadlines
Butler offers Early Action, Early Decision, and Regular Decision deadlines for first-year fall applicants. We strongly encourage students to apply before November 1 to maximize their scholarship and admission consideration.
Fall Admission—Early Action
Early Action benefits include full scholarship consideration, priority consideration to the Honors Program, and an admission decision by December.
August 1: Application opens
November 1: Early Action Deadline
December 1: Recommended FAFSA filing date
February 15: Butler’s Priority FAFSA Deadline
May 1: Enrollment deposit deadline
We share Early Action admission decisions on a rolling basis between October and December. Early Action decisions are non-binding.
Fall Admission—Early Decision (Nursing Only)
The
Nursing program
is the only program at Butler currently utilizing an
Early Decision
admission process. Early Decision is a
binding
commitment, meaning those who apply and are admitted to the Nursing program will
enroll and attend Butler. Students should only apply Early Decision to one school because of that binding commitment. When completing the Common App, you will select ‘Early Decision’ on the application.
August 1: Application opens
November 1: Early Decision Deadline
December 1: FAFSA Priority Deadline
February 1: Non-refundable $500 enrollment deposit due
We share Early Decision admission decisions in December. Early Decision admission decisions are binding. Learn more about
applying Early Decision
.
Fall Admission—Regular Decision
August 1: Application opens
February 1: Regular Decision Deadline
February 15: Butler’s Priority FAFSA Deadline
May 1: Enrollment deposit deadline
We share Regular Decision admission decisions on a rolling basis between December and February.
We continue accepting applications for rolling admission after February 1, but you have a better chance at scholarships (and admission) if you apply by the Regular Decision Deadline.
Spring Admission
August 1: Application opens
November 1: Priority application deadline for scholarship consideration
January 1: Enrollment deposit refund deadline
We continue accepting applications for rolling spring admission after November 1. We share spring admission decisions on a rolling basis.
Need-Based Financial Aid:
Priority consideration for all need-based gift assistance is given to admitted spring students who submit or update the FAFSA by the priority application deadline. For spring applicants, this would be November 1. After those dates, eligibility for gift assistance is subject to the availability of funds.
Additional Application Requirements
If you’re applying to one of these programs or identify with a population listed below, you may need to take a few extra steps to complete your application.
Jordan College of the Arts
Majoring in the arts? You must complete an Art, Arts Administration, Dance, Music, or Theatre
supplement
in addition to the Common App. Please note that this requirement does not apply to students majoring in Art History.
Audition, portfolio review, or interview:
All JCA majors except for those majoring in Art History must also complete an audition, portfolio review, and/or interview. After completing your Common App and supplement, we’ll send you an email to select a date.
Learn more about Jordan College of the Arts admission
International Students
In addition to the required items listed above, international students must submit:
Proof of English language proficiency
A clear copy of your passport
Evidence of financial support
Learn more about international student admission
Returning Students
Welcome back! If you are a former Butler student in good standing and wish to return to Butler to finish your undergraduate degree, you don’t have to reapply.
Learn more about coming back to Butler
Homeschooled Students
In addition to the required items listed above, home school applicants must submit:
ACT or SAT scores
Statement describing home school structure and mission
Transcript/record of courses and grades
Letter of recommendation from a person other than a parent
Veterans
We’re grateful for your service, and proud to support you as you earn your college degree. Several members of our admission team can help with the application process.
Learn more about admission information for veterans