URL: https://www.butler.edu/admission-aid/international
TITLE: International Admission | Butler University

International Admission
Come far. Go farther.
You want to live in a great city.
You want to surround yourself with doers who are as driven as you.
You want hands-on experience—on the job, in the lab, behind the stage, wherever.
You want to be in small classes with faculty who are devoted to teaching, in  a place that values diversity of all kinds. And where you know you’ll feel at home. (At Butler, you’ll be with students from 30 countries!)
You want to come to Butler, a top-ranked university.
You can get to Indianapolis from just about anywhere—we’re just a half-hour from Indianapolis International Airport—but you can see plenty with a virtual tour or visit, too.
Apply Now
Virtual Tour
Schedule a Virtual Visit
How to Apply
International applicants at Butler follow our standard application processes for First-Year, Transfer, or Graduate & Professional admission, with a few additional requirements.
Applying as an International Student
English Proficiency Requirements
Start a Common App
Access Your Applicant Status Page
At Your Service
When you come to a school the size of Butler, you’ll get to know a lot of the people around you. And that starts even before you arrive. Have questions? You’ll work with the same admission counselor through the whole process.
Meet Your Admission Counselor
Scholarships & Grants
While international, undocumented, and DACA students are not eligible for federal financial aid via the FAFSA, they can be considered for Butler gift aid—scholarships and grants.
International Student Aid & Scholarships
International Student Services
The Office of International Student Services serves all international students studying at Butler, offering support navigating immigration regulations and help getting acclimated to campus and to Indianapolis.
International Student Services
Diversity Programs & Services
To make Butler a place where people of all backgrounds, identities, and experiences are included, we provide a variety of resources and opportunities to get you connected and serve your needs.
Diversity at Butler
Butler Student Stories
Hear from international students and why they chose Butler as their “home away from home.”
Be a part of a welcoming environment
“As soon as I started to talk with faculty at Butler, I was interested. I am excited to be a part of the soccer team and to pursue my academics abroad.”
Bernardo’s Story
Join a supportive community
“After visiting Butler, experiencing what it’s like to live on campus, learning from the Butler Ballet faculty, and getting to know the community was amazing. The professors were incredibly welcoming and encouraging, and I immediately felt at home. It was clear that Butler was the right place for me.”
Haruka’s Story
Current Student Profile
Software Engineering major and international student Felipe Reyes chose Butler because he knew Butler would give him the opportunity to make a difference.
Learn more about Felipe
Everything’s Butler in Indy
Your city, your classroom
We’d call Indianapolis a hidden gem, but way too many people have noticed us to say that. Home to big-time sports, world-class culture, and rich professional opportunities, the city—at 850,000 people, the 16th largest in the U.S.—is an integral part of your experience.
See What It’s Like to Live in Indy