URL: https://www.butler.edu/admission-aid/non-degree
TITLE: Non-Degree Admission | Butler University

Non-Degree Admission
Students may enroll in courses at Butler University without being admitted to an undergraduate or graduate degree-seeking program. At Butler, we call this “non-degree” enrollment. Whether you’re seeking courses for personal or professional development, looking to gain college credit while finishing high school or attending another university, or you’re interested in pursuing a graduate certificate to further your career, a non-degree program might be the right pathway for you.
Butler University offers several options for non-degree enrollment, including individual coursework, high school student enrollment, dual-credit programs, and certificate programs.
For a full breakdown on part-time undergraduate tuition,
click here
.
Undergraduate Non-Degree Programs
Students who are interested in taking undergraduate coursework for academic credit but are
not
seeking a degree are welcome to apply to Butler University as undergraduate non-degree students.
Butler offers several undergraduate non-degree opportunities, listed below.
Traditional Undergraduate Non-Degree
Butler offers a simplified process for students who are enrolled at other institutions, but would like to take undergraduate courses during the summer and not be admitted to a degree program. There is no fee to apply and transcripts from your home school are not required.
Summer guest registration
is handled by the Office of Registration and Records.
Non-degree applicants who have completed high school but who have not attended a college or university must have an official high school transcript (or a copy of their satisfactory GED results) sent to the Office of Admission to complete the application. Students who have attended a college or university must also submit an official transcript from the last school attended indicating a C (2.0/4.0) or higher cumulative GPA and eligibility to return.
Application Deadlines:
Fall Semester:  August 16
Spring Semester:  January 7
Summer Session 1:  May 9
Summer Session 2:  June 25
Contact
Emily Robison
Assistant Director for Transfer Admission
erobison@butler.edu
317-940-8119
Start or continue your application.
International Undergraduate Non-Degree/Exchange
International exchange applicants who are currently enrolled in a college or university outside of the United States are required to submit the following:
College or University Transcript
Official TOEFL, IELTS, or PTE score
Copy of Passport
Evidence of Financial Support
*Those applicants who are ISEP will only be required to submit a school transcript along with the application.
International students currently in the US that want to take non-degree coursework should contact:
Bertita Barrientos-Kimery
Assistant Director of Admission
bbarientos1@butler.edu
+1-317-940-8083
Students from approved Exchange partner universities or ISEP should contact:
Bobbie Gibson
Associate Director of International Student Services/Incoming International Exchanges
bgibson@butler.edu
+1 317-940-6287
Office of International Student Services
Jordan Hall, Room 133D
4600 Sunset Avenue
Indianapolis, IN 46208
Individual High School Student Enrollment Policy
This program is designed for students to enroll in courses otherwise not available in their high school curricular offerings. Admitted high school students may enroll as a non-degree students to take courses for college credit at Butler University while still attending high school. Enrollment in a course is based upon placement exam results, consultation with the academic department(s) and/or the Learning Resource Center and availability and capacity within the department or program. Credits earned may be applied toward a degree at Butler.
Application Information:
Students must submit the Individual High School Student Enrollment Application.
An official high school transcript.
Letter of recommendation from a high school counselor or teacher.
Additional Eligibility Information:
Students must have successfully completed 4 semesters of high school course work, preferably with college preparatory, honors, or advanced coursework*
Students interested in taking courses with programs from the Jordan College of the Arts must also complete an audition. The audition process will be coordinated after the review of the admission application.
Students interested in taking courses in math and foreign language subjects will be required to prove proficiency in those areas, in addition to completing a placement exam.
Registration in specific courses is subject to availability, and the department or faculty member on campus leading each course may require additional information for enrollment.
Enrollment in an online course requires the specific approval of the dean of the college offering the course a student wants to take.
Students are limited to six hours of credit each semester.
*Dual Credit courses taught by Butler qualified faculty and mentored teachers in certain high schools may have different requirements for admission to the course.
Application Deadlines:
Fall Semester:  August 16
Spring Semester:  January 1
Summer Session:  May 9
Contact
Emily Robison
Assistant Director for Transfer Admission
erobison@butler.edu
317-940-8119
Start or continue your application.
Dual Credit Programs
Butler University offers select courses that can be applied as dual credit with partner high schools in the Indianapolis area.  The courses are taught at the host high school, and credit is also applied at Butler.
Future Educators Program: College of Education
The
College of Education
has partnered with several area high schools to offer a dual credit course. The Dual Credit course for Future Educators is a comprehensive plan to cultivate a new generation of highly qualified teachers into the profession.  Masters level teachers in area high schools are trained to provide a classroom and field experience-based course for Future Educators. The students are selected to participate in this course via teacher recommendation, applications and interviews.
Current Participating Schools:
Zionsville Community High School
Carmel High School
Hamilton Southeastern High School
Noblesville High School