URL: https://www.butler.edu/admission-aid/admitted
TITLE: Admitted Students | Butler University

Admitted Students
You’re #ButlerBound!
It’s time to celebrate! The good stuff is just beginning.
Schedule a Visit
Make It Official
Welcome, Bulldog!
Recently admitted to Butler? You’re in—be proud! All of your hard work and accomplishments have paid off, and we think you’d make a terrific Bulldog.
Whether you’ve already decided to join us or you’re still making up your mind, you’ll find resources on this page for admitted students and their families. Find out more about your next steps in the enrollment process, register to attend an admitted student visit, and prepare to have an incredible college experience.
Don’t hesitate to
contact your admission counselor
if you have questions that aren’t answered here. We’re here to help!
Important Dates for Admitted Students
New Student Checklist
Join the Admitted Student Community
Get ready for Butler this summer.
Join our live webinar series to get your questions answered, connect with campus resources, and start picturing your first year—from academics and involvement to housing and more.
Learn More and Register
Schedule a Visit
Come see us
We’re sold on you. Now, the ball’s in your court. Even if you’ve been to campus, you may find that a second visit tells you what you need to know. Our Admitted Student Visits will give you an up-close look at Bulldog life.
Schedule an Admitted Student Visit
Take our Virtual Tour
ADMITTED STUDENT FINANCIAL AID WEBINAR SERIES
Have questions about financial aid? Join us for a variety of informational webinars focused on key financial aid topics.
Learn More and Register
Financial Aid Next Steps
Make sure you’ve filed the FAFSA—the Free Application for Federal Student Aid. We’ll need that to determine your eligibility for gifts and other assistance.
Filing the FAFSA
Financial Aid Offer
Net Price Calculator
find your people
Connect with fellow admitted Bulldogs through Nearpeer, a free app exclusively for incoming Butler University students and parents. Meet other incoming students with common interests, find a workout partner, study buddy, or potential roommate, and get answers about attending Butler!
Learn More
Download the App
I’m so there.
If your decision is made, congrats, Bulldog! Let’s make it official. New students must submit a $500 deposit to secure a spot in the incoming class.
After you’ve paid the deposit, take a deep breath. The hardest part is over—you’ve decided! But we’ve got a lot to do. Get an email account. Start the New Student Registration process. Complete your housing application. Let’s get started.
Pay Your Deposit
See Your To-Do List
Print and Digital Downloads
Student Status Page
New Student Registration
Find Your Admission Counselor
Student Accounts
My.Butler
Housing & Dining
Orientation
Parents & Families