URL: https://www.butler.edu/admission-aid/transfer
TITLE: Transfer Admission | Transfer to Butler University

Transfer Admission
We’re waiting for you.
We love transfer students at Butler. Because at this point in your college career, you know exactly what you’re looking for. And you’re willing to put in the work to get it.
In fact, that’s a pretty good description of a lot of the people you’ll meet here: focused, ready to work, and not put off by doing something challenging—especially when the rewards are there for the taking. We know that transferring means extra work for you, and we want to make it as simple as possible.
Apply Now
Transferring Credit to Butler
Transfer Admission Process
Applying as a Transfer Student
To submit a transfer application, you must have already completed 12 or more credit hours of college coursework at a regionally accredited university after graduating high school, or be seeking a second bachelor’s degree.
How to Apply
Transfer Admission Deadlines
Start a Common App
Access Your Applicant Status Page
At Your Service
This isn’t your first rodeo, but transferring raises all kinds of questions. That’s where our Assistant Director of Transfer Admission comes in. She’s not a bot—she’s a real person, she takes care of each of our prospective transfer students, and she’s ready to talk to you.
Meet Your Counselor
Visit Campus
Interested in transferring to Butler University? Meet one-on-one on campus with an admission counselor and take a campus tour.
Schedule a Transfer Visit
Invest in Yourself
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Butler offers both merit and need-based gift aid to select incoming transfer students. Federal and state aid may also be available to you. We highly recommend applying before our priority application deadlines for maximum consideration for Butler gift aid.
Transfer Scholarships & Aid
Net Price Calculator
Filing the FAFSA
Financial Aid Glossary of Terms
Transferring Credits TO BUTLER
At Butler, we value your previous academic achievements. Explore all the ways  your hard work can seamlessly transfer to Butler and contribute to your academic journey.
Transferring Credits to Butler
See Test Credits and Advanced Placement
Indiana College Core
Admitted Transfer Students
Recently admitted? Congratulations—this is happening!
There’s lots to do: Pay your deposit, update your FAFSA, get your Butler.edu email account up and running—let’s get started.
Pay Your Enrollment Deposit
Transfer Student Checklist
Admitted Student financial aid webinar series
Have questions about financial aid? Join us for a variety of informational webinars focused on key financial aid topics.
Learn More and Register
Incoming Transfer Student
Meet Evan, an incoming transfer student from Colorado who plans on studying Finance.
Learn more about Evan