URL: https://www.butler.edu/admission-aid/financial-aid-scholarships
TITLE: Financial Aid & Scholarships | Paying for Butler University

Financial Aid & Scholarships
Important Financial Aid Changes for 2026–2027
File the FAFSA
Once-in-a-lifetime experiences. For an-entire-lifetime benefits.
A great career can be part of a meaningful life. Helping to shape such a life is Butler’s investment in you. We promise to tie your coursework together with relevant hands-on learning. The result? An agile mind engaged in the world and prepared for the jobs of tomorrow. If you have the drive and desire to study at Butler University, we’re here to help you and your family make the investment.
Every year, the Office of Financial Aid guides thousands of Butler students and families through the financial aid process. Everybody’s situation is unique, and our experienced staff can help you explore all financial aid options available to you.
Important updates related to recent reconciliation bill will affect the financial aid of prospective Butler University undergraduate and graduate students.
Learn more here.
Explore financial aid and scholarships available to you.
The financial aid and scholarship offerings you’re eligible for can vary, depending on the type of degree you’re seeking (among other factors). Choose your student population below to see the types of assistance that you may qualify for.
First-Year (Incoming) Students
Transfer Students
International Students
Founder’s College Students
Graduate Students
Current Students
ADMITTED STUDENT FINANCIAL AID WEBINAR SERIES
Have questions about financial aid? Join us for a variety of informational webinars focused on key financial aid topics.
Learn More and Register
FILE THE FAFSA
The 2026–2027 Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) is available now! We encourage all families to complete the FAFSA even if you think you won’t quality. Butler’s FAFSA school code is 001788.
Learn More
File the FAFSA
ACADEMIC SCHOLARSHIP CALCULATOR
All first-year applicants are automatically considered for Butler’s Academic Scholarship Program, which ranges from $18,000–$30,000. You can quickly estimate your own potential scholarship award by using our Academic Scholarship Calculator.
Estimate Your Scholarship
ONE BIG BEAUTIFUL BILL ACT (OBBBA)
IMPORTANT LOAN UPDATES
In accordance with the recent reconciliation bill, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA), the Butler University Office of Financial Aid is providing important updates that will affect the financial aid of prospective and current Butler University undergraduate and graduate students.
See Additional Information
Determining Your Bottom Line
Chances are, you’ll pay less than our listed tuition. In 2024–2025, 96 percent of our first-year students received gift aid (that’s money they don’t need to pay back). In addition to academic scholarships and gift aid, work study and loans assist students in paying for their education.
Cost of Attendance
Net Price Calculator
Filing the FAFSA
The Financial Aid Cycle
Receiving Your Financial Aid Package
Each year, you’ll receive a financial aid package from Butler University. Understanding how to interpret this information—and knowing your next steps after you receive it—are important steps in your college journey. As a Bulldog, you’ll use our interactive Student Financial Planning Tool to view your financial aid information.
Financial Aid Offer & Next Steps
Student Financial Planning Tool
Financing Options
Financial Aid Staff
Our team provides support to both current and prospective Butler families. We’re available to answer questions about student’s aid and the financial aid process.
Meet Our Team
Outside Scholarships
You can find scholarships in all kinds of places—community foundations, churches and other religious organizations, employers, and more. First, though, you need to determine your eligibility. That can take time, but if you’re motivated, the rewards can be real.
Investigate Outside Scholarships
The Butler Loan Repayment Assistance Program (LRAP)
Butler offers an LRAP in partnership with Ardeo. This program is designed to help qualified Butler students in the repayment of their student loans. An LRAP can provide students the peace of mind to pursue their dream career without worrying about the ability to repay debt after college.
The Butler LRAP
Butler Emergency Assistance Fund
The Butler Emergency Assistance Fund was created to provide gift assistance to students with a short-term, unforeseen financial hardship or immediate expense that may impact their academic success.
Butler Emergency Assistance Fund
Federal Student Loan Repayment
Visit your studentaid.gov account to make sure you know who your servicer is and check that your contact information is up to date in your profile on your loan servicer’s website. You can review payment plan options, including the income-driven repayment (IDR) plan which may offer a lower monthly payment. The U.S. Department of Education recently introduced the SAVE plan, the most affordable repayment plan ever.
See Additional Information
SAVE Repayment Plan
Financial Aid FAQs
Financial Literacy & Repayment
Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund
Summer School Aid
Financial Aid Handbook
Consumer Information
Veterans Admission Information
Financial Aid Glossary of Terms