URL: https://www.butler.edu/admission-aid/visit
TITLE: Visit | On-Campus Visits & Virtual Tours

Visit Butler University
The best way to get that I-don’t-want-to-be-anywhere-else feeling about Butler is to actually
see
Butler. With every step you take across campus, you’ll see why this place stands out.
Ways to Visit Butler
Explore visit options tailored to your student type below.
High School Student Visits
Whether you’ve just started thinking about college or you’re beginning the application process, we offer a range of virtual and in-person visits tailored to every stage of the search process. These visits are available for high school students of any age.
See Visits for High School Students
Admitted Student Visits
Recently admitted to Butler? We’re off-the-leash excited to have you! Come to one of our Admitted Student Visits to get in that #ButlerBound frame of mind.
See Visits for Admitted Students
Transfer Visits
You’re looking for a good fit and a smooth transition. Choose from a range of on-campus and virtual visits, or meet 1-on-1 with an admission counselor to discuss applying and transferring credits.
See Visits for Transfer Students
Pre-College Programs
High school students can explore life at Butler through weeklong Pre-College Programs. You’ll live on campus, build leadership skills, and meet new people, all while being immersed in a real college experience. Choose a track in business, healthcare, or an exploratory option, and gain hands-on learning designed to help you imagine your future college and career path.
Explore Pre-College Programs
International Visits
You’re coming a long way—but you’re not alone: Butler students come from more than 24 countries. Many of those students start with a virtual visit and online conversation with one of our admission counselors.
See Visits for International Students
Founder’s College Visits
Founder’s College at Butler University offers affordable, career-focused two-year associate degrees for Central Indiana students with financial need. Interested in learning more? Plan a visit to learn more and discover how Founder’s College can fit your goals.
See Founder’s College Visits
Butler Overseas Visits
Butler Overseas is a first-of-its-kind global degree program where you’ll earn your degree across six continents in just three years. Schedule a visit to learn how you can make the world your classroom.
See Butler Overseas Visits
Group Visits
Sometimes, seeing college is the spark it takes to get to college. We offer info sessions and campus tours for school groups and educational organizations, grades 8 through 12.
Request a Group Visit
High School Visits and College Fairs
Can’t get here? Our admission counselors visit dozens of high schools and college fairs every year in the Midwest and beyond (and virtually!). We talk about all things Butler: academics, athletics, campus life, you name it.
Meet Butler at Fairs Near You
Can’t be here in person?
Take a Virtual Tour
Want to get a feel for Butler, but can’t make it in-person? Our virtual tour will let you digitally experience all the sights and sounds.
Take Virtual Tour
Traveling to Campus
Here’s all the information you need to prepare for your trip to campus.
Maps & Directions
Parking