URL: https://www.butler.edu/admission-aid/visit/admitted
TITLE: Admitted Student Visits | Butler University

Admitted Student Visits
Recently admitted to Butler? These visits are designed just for you.
On-Campus Visits
Virtual Visits
On-Campus Visits
We know making a college decision is tough, and we’ve heard that it usually takes another campus visit (or two) to help you make up your mind.
Admitted Student Visit
January–April 2026
Mondays and Wednesdays at 1:30 PM ET;
Tuesdays and Thursdays at 10:30 AM ET
We include a little bit of everything in this two-hour visit—a “what’s next?” admission and financial aid presentation, housing and course registration information, a campus tour, and lunch on us at A-Town Café, our main student dining hall.
You can expect this visit to last between 2–3 hours. We recommend you register at least two weeks prior to your visit to ensure there is available space.
Register On Your Student Status Page
Butler Bound Days
Our unique full-day Butler Bound events are designed to give you an in-depth view of your academic college. Programming varies, but could include hands-on coursework, meeting with professors, touring facilities, and lunch on campus. An admission representative will be present to answer questions about the enrollment process.
Engineering
Friday, April 10, 2026
College of Communication
Friday, January 30, 2026
College of Education
Monday, February 16, 2026
College of Liberal Arts and Sciences
Friday, January 23, 2026
Friday, February 27, 2026
College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences
Friday, January 16, 2026
Friday, February 20, 2026
Exploratory Studies
Friday, February 13, 2026
Jordan College of the Arts
Friday, March 20, 2026
Lacy School of Business
Friday, March 27, 2026
Admitted College Info Sessions
February–April 2026
Admitted College Info Sessions offer an inside look at your admitted college and a preview of your academic experience at Butler. This on-campus, small group visit allows you to meet directly with faculty or staff from your admitted college, giving you a taste for what life will be like in the fall.
Please note: This visit does not include a campus tour or admission/financial aid presentation. We highly encourage you to also register for one of our Admitted Student visits by logging in to your student status page.
Register On Your Student Status Page
Sesión Informativa en Español
Citas disponibles a pedidio
¿Qué programas ofrecemos? ¿Cómo es un día típico en Butler? ¿Qué puedes esperar del proceso de admisión? Esta introducción a Butler de 30 minutos, presentada completamente en español, también incluye tiempo para preguntas y respuestas con un consejero de admisión de habla hispana.
Regístrate Ahora
Traveling to campus?
We’re here to make sure you have all the information you need.
Maps & Directions
Parking
Virtual Visits
Incoming Student Webinar Series (Virtual)
June–July 2026
To help you and your family prepare for life at Butler, we’re hosting a number of  informative virtual webinars—exclusively for incoming students—led by various members of our campus community.
All webinars take place on Zoom and include a presentation and time for questions and answers.
Explore Sessions and Register
Admission Counselor Appointments (Virtual)
Weekdays
It’s crunch time! As you reach your final college decision, you probably have questions. Your admission counselor is here for them (and you).
Schedule a time to connect with your assigned admission counselor on Zoom. Parents are welcome, too.
Find Your Counselor & Schedule a Meeting
Admitted Student Visit (Virtual)
Select Tuesdays at 4:00 PM and 7:00 PM
These Zoom information sessions offer a live delivery of the same information families receive in our on-campus Admitted Student Visit: a “what’s next?” admission and financial aid presentation, housing and course registration information, and an overview of academic and student life on campus.
We’ll leave plenty of time for questions, too.
Register On Your Student Status Page
Webinar: Your Guide to Understanding New Student Registration (Virtual)
As an incoming student, one of your first milestones is New Student Registration. This Zoom webinar will provide a high-level overview on what to expect, how to prepare, and the steps required to make sure everything is ready to go.
View the Webinar Recording
Sesión Informativa en Español (Virtual)
Citas disponibles a pedidio
Incluimos un poco de todo en esta visita virtual: una presentación de “¿qué sigue?” en el proceso de admisión y ayuda financiera, información de alojamiento y registro de clases, y más. Esta visita está diseñada exclusivamente para estudiantes admitidos y sus familias, y se presenta totalmente en español. Esta visita también incluye un espacio para preguntas y respuestas con un consejero de admisión de habla hispana.
Regístrate Ahora
Belonging at Butler (Virtual)
March–April
Select Wednesdays at 7:00 PM ET
At Butler, no matter your gender, race, religion, ability, or socioeconomic status, you have a place and are welcome on our campus.
Join this virtual visit to learn more how inclusion is infused into Butler’s student experience. You’ll hear about student organizations, scholarship opportunities, curriculum, and the admission process. This visit will occasionally feature guest speakers from across campus. Led by members of our admission staff, this Zoom session provides a terrific platform for individual student Q&A.
Register for Belonging at Butler (Virtual)