URL: https://www.butler.edu/admission-aid/transfer/applying-as-a-transfer-student
TITLE: Applying as a Transfer Student | Butler University

Applying as a Transfer Student
You’re ambitious. Fully invested in your education—and ready to do what it takes to get where you want to go. You’re probably looking to surround yourself with other people like that, too. You’ll find them here.
What We’re Looking For
To submit a transfer application, you must have already completed 12 or more credit hours of college coursework at a regionally accredited university after graduating high school, or be seeking a second bachelor’s degree. Applicants must be in good standing with their previous colleges/universities.
Transfer students at Butler come from a variety of backgrounds, but stats are a good way of knowing where you stand. These figures represent the transfer class that entered in fall 2022:
3.27-3.80:
Middle 50% GPA range of transfer students in 2025
2.5:
Minimum recommended cumulative GPA, with no grades below C- in your most recent semester
Start or complete a Common App
Check your application status
Transferring Credits
Transfer Course Equivalencies
The Office of Registration and Records will evaluate your transcript to determine which of the classes you’ve taken can qualify for credit at Butler. If the class was taught at a regionally accredited institution, was at least 100-level, and you earned a C-minus or better, it is eligible for consideration.
See Transfer Course Equivalencies
Transfer Application Checklist
Here’s a summary of what you’ll need to complete your application:
Common App
Students applying to Butler can apply using the
Common App
. Butler requires a non-refundable $50 application fee (paid via the Common App). Eligible students with financial need may qualify for an application fee waiver through the Common App.
Official transcript from each college or university attended
Applicants must submit an official transcript from each college or university attended, sent by the issuing institution. Transcripts can be submitted electronically to
transferadmission@butler.edu
or mailed directly from the issuing institution.
Applicants must be in good standing with their previous colleges/universities. A total cumulative GPA of 2.5 or higher is preferred for admission consideration for most majors, with no grades below C- in the most recent semester.
Final high school transcript
If you’ve completed fewer than 20 college credits since graduating high school, you must submit your final high school transcript (graduation date posted) with your application for admission. Transcripts can be submitted electronically to
transferadmission@butler.edu
or mailed directly from the issuing institution.
OPTIONAL: Test Scores
We know you’re more than standardized test scores—in fact, in most cases, we’ve made them optional.
Transfer applicants will be asked if they wish to apply with standardized test scores or apply test-optional. If you choose to apply with test scores, the scores may be self-reported, but official scores must be submitted within three weeks of submitting your enrollment deposit (summer or fall entry) or January 1 (spring entry).
Learn more about test-optional admission at Butler
Transfer Admission Process
Our transfer admission process is outlined below along with timetables for each step in the process.
Complete Application
Once your
application
has been completed, you will receive a decision in within ten business days, pending travel and holidays.
Butler Network Account
Your Butler email and password information will be emailed to you one week after receiving your admission decision.
Financial Aid Offer
If the
FAFSA
is submitted or updated, an offer of financial aid is typically sent ten business days after an admission decision is communicated.
Transfer Credit Evaluation
Butler University has pre-approved many courses from other colleges and universities that are transferable to Butler for credit. A transfer credit evaluation will occur one to two weeks after an admission decision is communicated.
View transfer course equivalency information.
Placement Exams
You will receive access to your placement exams within give business days after you submit your $500
enrollment deposit
.
New Student Registration and Advisor Meeting
An academic advisor will contact you within five business days of completing required placement exams.
Transfer Admission Deadlines
Transfer admission is done on a rolling basis. We strongly encourage interested transfer students to apply before our priority application deadlines to maximize their scholarship consideration.
Decide whether you want to start in the fall or spring, and make a note of these dates:
Fall Admission
August 1: Application opens
February 1: Nursing program application deadline
February 15: Suggested date to file or update the FAFSA
July 15: Priority application deadline for scholarship consideration
August 1: Enrollment deposit refund deadline
We continue accepting applications for rolling fall admission after July 15. We share fall transfer admission decisions on a rolling basis.
Need-Based Financial Aid:
Priority consideration for all need-based gift assistance is given to admitted transfer students who submit or update their FAFSA by the priority application deadline. For fall applicants, this would be July 15. After those dates, eligibility for gift assistance is subject to the availability of funds.
Spring Admission
August 1: Application opens
November 1: Priority application deadline for scholarship consideration
January 1: Enrollment deposit refund deadline
We continue accepting applications for rolling spring admission after November 1. We share spring admission decisions on a rolling basis.
Need-Based Financial Aid:
Priority consideration for all need-based gift assistance is given to admitted spring students who submit or update the FAFSA by the priority application deadline. For spring applicants, this would be November 1. After those dates, eligibility for gift assistance is subject to the availability of funds.
Doctor of Pharmacy (PharmD) Admission
On-campus Doctor of Pharmacy (PharmD) applicants and Online PharmD applicants are encouraged to complete the
PharmCAS application
by
April 1.
Additional Program Requirements
If you’re applying to one of these programs or identify with a population listed below, you may need to take a few extra steps to complete your application.
College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences
Pharmacy:
To apply for transfer into the 4-year professional phase of the PharmD program, apply directly to the
Pharmacy College Application Service (PharmCAS)
by April 1. Only complete the Common App if you are wishing to apply to the pre-professional phase of the Pharmacy program. The recommended total cumulative GPA for prospective Pharmacy students is 3.0 or higher.
Learn more about Pharmacy admission
Nursing:
To apply for transfer into the Nursing program at Butler University, apply via
Common App
by February 1. The recommended total cumulative GPA for prospective Nursing students is 3.0 or higher. Students must have grades of B or better in their natural sciences courses at their current or previous institution.
Learn more about the Nursing program
Jordan College of the Arts
Majoring in the arts? You must complete an Art, Arts Administration, Dance, Music, or Theatre
supplement
in addition to the Common App. Please note that this requirement does not apply to students majoring in Art History.
Audition, portfolio review, or interview:
All JCA majors except for those majoring in Art History must also complete an audition, portfolio review, and/or interview. After completing your Common App and supplement, we’ll send you an email to select a date.
Learn more about Jordan College of the Arts admission
International Students
In addition to the required items listed above, international students must submit:
Proof of English language proficiency
A clear copy of your passport
Evidence of financial support
Learn more about international student admission
Returning Students
Welcome back! If you are a former Butler student in good standing and wish to return to Butler to finish your undergraduate degree, you don’t have to reapply.
Learn more about coming back to Butler
Veterans
We’re grateful for your service, and proud to support you as you earn your college degree. Several members of our admission team can help with the application process.
Learn more about admission information for veterans