URL: https://www.butler.edu/admission-aid/visit/transfer
TITLE: Transfer Student Visits | Butler University

Transfer Student Visits
Come see why we call this place home.
On-Campus Visits
Virtual Visits
On-Campus Visits
Your education is important, and Butler University might be the right place for you to finish your degree–even if you didn’t start it here. Schedule a visit to get a feel for our campus and student experience.
Transfer Visit
Weekdays at 10:30 AM and 1:30 PM ET
Interested in transferring to Butler University? Meet one-on-one on campus with an admission counselor to discuss applying and transferring credits.
Students can also opt to join a 75 minute walking tour of campus with one of our current students and learn about the student experience, our academic colleges, and more.
Register for a Transfer Visit
Info Session with Campus Tour
Weekdays at 10:30 AM and 1:30 PM ET
The Info Session with Campus Tour is our standard daily campus visit program. Join one of our admission counselors for a 30-minute information session about Butler and the application process, then take a 75 minute campus tour with a current student.
Pack a good pair of shoes: Between our 300-acre campus and everything to see in Indianapolis, you’re going to need them!
Register for Info Session with Campus Tour
Campus Tour
Select Weekdays at 3:00 PM ET
Select Saturdays at 11:00 AM and 12:00 PM ET
Enjoy a student-led walking tour of Butler. You’ll see most parts of campus and have plenty of opportunities to engage with a current Butler student(s) and get answers to your questions. You can expect this visit to last approximately 75 minutes.
This is our standard campus tour without an admission presentation, allowing for a more abbreviated visit. If you want a full campus visit experience, consider registering for our Info Session with Campus Tour instead.
Register for a Campus Tour
Discover Butler Preview Day
Friday, April 17, 2026
Discover Butler Preview Day is a great way to get to know what life is like as a Bulldog. This visit program will provide an introduction to Butler and will include opportunities for engagement such as: an academic and student life fair, opportunities to ask questions of current faculty members, an optional student-led tour of campus, and other highlights. For your planning purposes, this visit will last approximately 3–4 hours.
Register for Discover Butler
Sesión Informativa en Español
Citas disponibles a pedidio
¿Qué programas ofrecemos? ¿Cómo es un día típico en Butler? ¿Qué puedes esperar del proceso de admisión? Esta introducción a Butler de 30 minutos, presentada completamente en español, también incluye tiempo para preguntas y respuestas con un consejero de admisión de habla hispana.
Para programar una sesión informativa, favor de enviar un correo electrónico a Maddie Bigham, una de nuestras consejeras de admisión de habla hispana.
Regístrate Ahora
Open House
Coming fall 2026
Ready to see what it’s really like to be a Bulldog? This on-campus event is your best chance to dive into the Butler experience. Meet the people who make Butler special—faculty, staff, and current students—while learning all about our academic programs, student life, and the admission process.
Designed with flexibility in mind, this “choose your own adventure” style event lets you tailor your day to fit your interests. With three distinct portions of the day, you have the freedom to explore Butler University at your own pace.
College Info Session
Coming fall 2026
Already have an idea of what you’re planning to study in college? These visits will provide you more specific information about our academic colleges. Different from our more general daily Info Session with Campus Tour, this option will give you the opportunity to engage directly with a representative from the college of your choice and see that college’s facilities.
Info Session dates vary depending on college. You can view all available dates and times by clicking on the register button below.
Please note: This visit does not include a campus tour or general admission presentation. We encourage you to also register for one of our
Info Session with Campus Tour visits
.
Traveling to campus?
We’re here to make sure you have all the information you need.
Maps & Directions
Parking
Virtual Visits
Transfer Admission Counselor Appointments (Virtual)
Weekdays
The transfer process can be overwhelming, and you probably have questions. Your admission counselor is here for them (and you)!
Schedule a time to connect on Zoom. Parents are welcome, too.
Schedule a Meeting
Info Session (Virtual)
Tuesdays at 4:00 PM and 7:00 PM ET
What majors do we offer? What is a typical day at Butler like? What can you expect from the admission process? This 30-minute introduction to Butler, similar to the one you’d hear before an in-person tour, also includes time for Q&A with an admission counselor.
(Come as you are—you won’t be on camera!)
Register for the Virtual Info Session
Belonging at Butler (Virtual)
March–April
Select Wednesdays at 7:00 PM ET
At Butler, no matter your gender, race, religion, ability, or socioeconomic status, you have a place and are welcome on our campus.
Join this virtual visit to learn more how inclusion is infused into Butler’s student experience. You’ll hear about student organizations, scholarship opportunities, curriculum, and the admission process. This visit will occasionally feature guest speakers from across campus. Led by members of our admission staff, this Zoom session provides a terrific platform for individual student Q&A.
Register for Belonging at Butler (Virtual)
Sesión Informativa en Español (Virtual)
Miércoles Seleccionados
¿Qué programas ofrecemos? ¿Cómo es un día típico en Butler? ¿Qué puedes esperar del proceso de admisión? Esta introducción a Butler de 30 minutos, presentada completamente en español, es similar a la que escucharía antes de un recorrido en persona. También incluye tiempo para preguntas y respuestas con un consejero de admisión de habla hispana.
(Ven tal como eres, ¡no estarás frente a la cámara!)
Recomendado para estudiantes de secundaria de todas las edades.
Regístrate Ahora