URL: https://www.butler.edu/admission-aid/veterans
TITLE: Military and Veterans | Butler University

Military and Veterans Admission
Serving Bulldogs Who Serve.
Butler University recognizes and thanks you for your commitment to military service.
Your Benefits. Our Honor.
As a military-friendly University, Butler certifies Chapter 33-Post-9/11, Chapter 30, Chapter 31, Chapter 35, Chapter 1606, and Chapter 1607 education benefits for use.
The Yellow Ribbon program allows our University to further support veteran students, making Butler an affordable option for those with 100% Chapter 33 educational benefits. Additionally, our faculty senate recently approved giving priority registration to
all
students receiving any type of VA benefits.
Veterans
Complete the
application for Veteran Benefits (VONAPP) online
. When the application process is complete, the VA will issue a Certificate of Eligibility (COE).
Please submit copies of your COE and your DD214 to the
Office of Financial Aid
.
Dependents of Veterans
If you have not already had Education Benefits transferred to you as the dependent, your parent will need to complete that process online through
milConnect
. Once the benefit has been transferred, please complete the application for
Veteran Benefits online
. When the application process is complete, the VA will issue a Certificate of Eligibility (COE) to the student receiving the benefit. Please submit a copy of the COE to the
Office of Financial Aid
.
Yellow Ribbon Program
Yellow Ribbon is a voluntary program that Butler has entered into with the VA.  Only students who are eligible for 100% of the Chapter 33 benefit (based on service record/time) and are pursuing a first bachelor’s degree are eligible.  The Yellow Ribbon is in addition to the tuition and fees received under the Chapter 33 benefits.
Currently, Butler has agreed to provide an unlimited number of students with up to $7,500/year in institutional gift aid (Yellow Ribbon) and the VA will then match that additional amount. Awards are limited to tuition and fees. Yellow Ribbon may affect other gift assistance awarded by Butler. Please contact the
Office of Financial Aid
to request the Yellow Ribbon application.
Military Tuition Assistance
Service members need to obtain approval from their Educational Services Officer, military counselor, or Service prior to enrollment.
Tuition Assistance through GoArmy:
Students complete an application at
Go Army Ed
. When the application process is completed, send an email to the
Office of Financial Aid
and
Sonya Moore
in Records and Registration to begin the tuition assistance process at Butler University.
Tuition Assistance through other military groups:
Please email the
Office of Financial Aid
and
Sonya Moore
in Records and Registration to identify the group you are with and begin the tuition assistance process at Butler University.
Tuition Assistance at Butler University:
Currently, tuition assistance pays approximately $750 per class up to $4,500 per fiscal year.  Students are encouraged to
file the FAFSA
to be considered for all federal, state, and institutional gift and self-help programs. A list of aid programs can be found
here
.
Students who are offered federal loans may decline all or part of their loan options. Students who wish to borrow Private Loans must have filed a FAFSA and are required to meet with the Office of Financial Aid prior to private loan processing.
In compliance with TA regulations, the University requires students to review the following information and links provided on this page. Students must then meet with the Office of Financial aid to sign our form confirming they have received and reviewed the information provided.
College Scorecard
College Navigator
Financial Aid Shopping Sheet
from the US Department of Education
Paying for College
resource from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Financial Breakdown: Ch. 33 and Yellow Ribbon
Eligible tuition and fees at Butler University:
2025-2026
Tuition                                                 $ 48,900*
Health & Recreation Fee         $ 614*
Activity Fee                                       $ 376*
VA Chapter 33                                 $ -29,920.95*
VA Yellow Ribbon                         $-7,500
Butler Yellow Ribbon                 $-7,500
________________________________________
Balance to be paid                     $4,969.05
*Amount changes annually
Once certified for Chapter 33 educational benefits, the student will also receive a living stipend of approximately $1,200/month and a book stipend of $1,000.
Students who file a FAFSA may also be eligible for the Federal Pell Grant, Indiana State Grant and/or other awards.
File your FAFSA
with Butler’s school code of 001788 by March 1 for priority consideration of all aid programs. Visit the
Financial Aid website
for more information or for a full breakdown on cost of University attendance,
click here
.
These awards combine to make Butler an affordable option for our veterans and dependents of veterans.
Housing Information
Residence Life offers flexibility to non-traditional veteran students. Please contact Residence Life at
reslife@butler.edu
to determine your housing options.
The 2021–2022 VA housing stipend for the Indianapolis area is approximately $1,200 per month for full-time students with 100% educational benefit.
The months of August, December, January, and May are pro-rated by the number of days classes are held in each of those months.  You can expect payments to arrive by direct deposit the first week of the following month.
Example: August would be a partial payment of approximately $200 and would be paid the first week of September. September would be the first full month payment of approximately $1,200 and would be paid the first week of October.
Billing & Tuition Refund Schedule
The billing and tuition refund schedule can be found
here
.
Cohort Default Rate
Butler’s fiscal year 2022 cohort default rate is 0%. Learn more about cohort default rate calculations (
Cohort Default Rate Information
) (Cobleskill.edu)
Below is a link to a public website with the official Direct/Stafford Loan Default Rates:
US Department of Education Default Rates
(Butler’s OPEID is 001788)
National Cohort Default Rate information
National Cohort Rate Information
For 2024-2025, 50% of bachelor’s degree recipients borrowed.
Testimonials
“Through the G.I. Bill® and the Butler University Yellow Ribbon Program, I can pursue my goal of becoming a music teacher in a highly rated program at a school with a reputation for academic and artistic excellence and a demonstrated record of preparing graduates for success.  The administrative process itself was straightforward and uncomplicated.  I wish all other programs were like this!  The process has been made even easier with the support and help of the Butler University Financial Aid office.”
– Melissa, sophomore, Brookline, NH
“I have been highly impressed with Butler’s Office of Financial Aid. As a student recently leaving active duty and returning from deployment, I wasn’t quite sure what to expect with the VA process. The Post-9/11 G.I. Bill® is an awesome benefit, but it comes with a few hurdles in the beginning. Butler helped me navigate this so easily. Of special note, Debbie Ach communicated with me constantly about Veterans’ scholarship opportunities, local hiring initiatives, and especially any potential red flags with my VA benefits. She was unbelievably patient in walking this “old timer” through the financial aid process as well. For a group of students that are so used to serving others, Debbie and the Butler Financial Aid Office definitely understand serving us. Go Dawgs!”
– Troy, alumni, Hatfield, IN
“The staff in the financial aid office are so knowledgeable about the VA benefits and Yellow Ribbon Program. They are able to answer every question about applying for and receiving the VA benefit, the housing stipend and book allowance. There is quite a bit of paperwork involved intitially, and the process feels overwhelming, but the staff is incredibly patient, friendly and available, and my experience was truly a good one. I can only hope that the next financial aid office I deal with is as competent as Butler’s.”
– Zachary, sophomore, West Henrietta, NY
Butler University welcomes Army ROTC students.
Army ROTC at Butler
We’re Here to Help
A number of Butler staff members are available to answer military and veteran-specific questions:
Sonya Moore
Transfer Credit Evaluator
Office of Registration and Records
317-940-3044
slmoore@butler.edu
Sheila Blackwell
Assistant Director – Financial Aid
Office of Financial Aid
317-940-8200
finaid@butler.edu
More About Sheila Blackwell
Serves students with last names A-C
Deanna DeVettori
Student Accounts Manager
Office of Student Accounts
317-940-9353
studentaccounts@butler.edu
Kyler Kennett
Assistant Director Financial Aid
Office of Financial Aid
317-940-8200
finaid@butler.edu
More About Kyler Kennett
Serves students with last names P-To
Kathleen Camire
Director for Student Disability Services & 504 Coordinator
Office of Student Disability Services
317-940-9308
kcamire@butler.edu
Gary Beaulieu
Senior Director Career and Professional Success
Career and Professional Success
317-940-9624
gbeaulie@butler.edu
These sites offer scholarship information for veterans.
Veterans United
AMVETS
Marine Gunnery Sergeant John David Fry Scholarship
Wells Fargo Veterans Scholarship Program
Pat Tillman Foundation
Marine Corps Scholarship Foundation
Cpt James Ahn Special Forces Memorial Scholarship
Butler ROTC and Veterans’ Club
Butler’s student organization for veteran students.
Learn More
GI Bill® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). More information about education benefits offered by VA is available at the official U.S. government Web site at
https://www.benefits.va.gov/gibill.