URL: https://www.butler.edu/admission-aid/first-year
TITLE: First-Year Admission | Application Requirements - Butler University

First-Year Admission
Make your next four years your best four  years.
Maybe your start-up starts
here
.
Or your journey to the big stage
.
Or your career caring for the sick, or changing lives with your journalism, or helping young students discover what
they
do best.
With more than 100 majors to choose from, you’ll have the chance to do an amazing amount of amazing things with a Butler education.
And we can’t wait to see what you can do.
Apply Now
Applying as a
First-Year
We offer non-binding Early Action and Regular Decision deadlines for first-year fall applicants as well as a binding Early Decision deadline for first-year Nursing applicants. Early Action and Early Decision applicants receive full consideration for academic scholarships.
How to Apply
First-Year Admission Deadlines
Start a Common App
Access Your Applicant Status Page
Meet Your Admission Counselor
College is challenging—but applying shouldn’t be. Whatever you need, we’re here to help. Talk to your personal admission counselor if you need a hand, or just want to introduce yourself.
Find Your Counselor
Visit Campus
The best way to get a feel for what life here at Butler is like is to experience it firsthand. We offer a number of visit options, both on-campus and virtual, for prospective high school students.
See High School Student Visit Options
Join Our Mailing List
Like what you see, but not quite ready to start an application yet? We get it! Join our high school student mailing list to receive admission updates, special event invites, and the occasional puppy pic from Blue IV.
Request More Information
Find Your Major
You’ll have more than 100 academic majors to choose from at Butler, and plenty of minors to consider, too. (Don’t know exactly what you want to major in yet? Check out the Exploratory Studies pathway!)
Explore Majors & Minors
Current high school sophomores and juniors are invited to join us on Friday, April 17 for Discover Butler Preview Day. Experience life as a Bulldog by engaging in an academic and student life fair, connecting with faculty, joining a student-led campus tour, and more.
Register Now
Invest in Yourself
Financial Aid & Scholarships
If you have the drive and desire to study at Butler University, we’re here to help you and your family make the investment. In 2024–25, 96 percent of our first-year students received gift aid (that’s money they don’t need to pay back).
First-Year Scholarships & Aid
Net Price Calculator
Filing the FAFSA
Financial Aid Glossary of Terms
Transferring Credits TO BUTLER
At Butler, we value your previous academic achievements. Explore all the ways  your hard work can seamlessly transfer to Butler and contribute to your academic journey.
Transferring Credits to Butler
See Test Credits and Advanced Placement
Indiana College Core
Admitted First-Year Students
You’re in! Congratulations! Now what?
There’s lots to do: Pay your deposit, meet your new classmates, prepare for New Student Registration—let’s do this!
Admitted Students
Pay Your Enrollment Deposit
New Student Checklist