URL: https://www.butler.edu/admission-aid
TITLE: Admission & Aid | Butler University | Indianapolis, Indiana

Admission & Aid
Start your Butler journey today.
A Butler education will transform you. It will also transform to fit you. Here, you’ll be able to tailor your studies and activities to fields you’re really interested in. Add the close-knit community of staff, faculty, and friends who will support you, and you’ll be primed to do your very best work.
Schedule a Visit
Apply Now
Do you have what it takes to be a Bulldog?
With more than 100 majors and a focus on small class sizes and experiential learning opportunities, Butler University is listed among the top schools in the country for undergraduate education—in
and
out of the classroom. Bulldogs are hardworking, ambitious, and graduate prepared to step immediately into a career or graduate school and make an impact in their communities.
If this sounds like the type of college experience you’re looking for—the kind that can help you land your dream career, the kind to help you get
more
out of life—you’re in the right place.
The 2026 application for admission is now open. Apply now!
Start a Common App
Request More Info
Explore Majors & Minors
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Ready to apply?
Let’s do this.
At Butler, we believe experiencing is foundational to learning. So you’ll be applying what you learn right away—in class and out. You’ll be a more adaptive thinker. An expert problem solver. And, when you graduate, a candidate with more marketable skills than the competition.
First-Year Admission
Butler is one of the top schools in the country for our first-year experience. Want to find out why? Our 2026 application for admission is now open.
Apply as a First-Year Student
Transfer Admission
Still looking for the right college fit? We welcome new transfer students to campus year-round. Many find that our small class sizes and approach to student-centered education are just the pieces they were missing.
Apply as a Transfer Student
International Admission
International students thrive at Butler, due in large part to our location in Indianapolis, the 16th-largest city in the U.S. Students have access to hands-on learning opportunities like internships, and our proximity to downtown means festivals, NBA and NFL games, and plenty of exploring could all be part of your college experience.
International Admission at Butler
Graduate & Professional Students
Whether you’re interested in taking your career to the next level with a master’s or doctoral degree or want to expand your skillset through a certificate, we have a program for you. With on-campus, online, and hybrid options, we offer degrees and certificates that meet the needs—and schedules—of today’s adult student.
Explore Graduate & Professional Programs
Campus Visits
Take a look around.
With more than 300 park-like acres, proximity to downtown Indianapolis, and two new state-of-the-art housing facilities, our campus has it all.
Take Our Virtual Tour
See High School Student Visit Options
See Transfer Student Visit Options
Explore Pre-College Programs
Applying for
financial aid
Financial Aid Resources
Explore Your Options and Browse Resources
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Tuition & Costs
First-Year Aid & Scholarships
Filing the FAFSA
Financing Options
Net Price Calculator
Transfer Students Aid & Scholarships
International Students Aid & Scholarships
Graduate Students Financial Aid
Academic Scholarship Calculator
Our Academic Scholarship Calculator will quickly estimate your potential scholarship award, helping you plan more effectively for college costs. Ranging from $18,000–$30,000 per year, our Academic Scholarship is based on your academic record and is renewable each academic year.
Estimate Your Scholarship
96%
of 2024–2025 first-year students received Butler gift aid
$65,162
Median starting salary for 2024 graduates
98%
of 2024 graduates started a career and/or enrolled in graduate school within six months
Need support?
All prospective students have a personal Butler admission counselor, here to help answer questions about the admission and financial aid process. Reach out—it’s what we’re here for.
Find Your Admission Counselor
See all Admission Counselors
Incoming Student
Meet Audrey, an incoming student from West Virginia who looks forward to becoming closer with her peers and attending sporting events at Butler.
Learn more about Audrey
Featured Story
Thomas Chandler, a Psychology student at Butler, spent a year working on a research experiment that was delivered to the International Space Station.
Read more