URL: https://www.butler.edu/admission-aid/financial-aid-scholarships/consumer-information
TITLE: Consumer Information | Butler University

Consumer Information
Authorization and Accreditation
Butler University is
authorized by name by the State of Indiana
. Accredited by the
Higher Learning Commission
, Butler has been continuously accredited since 1915. View a
complete list
of Butler’s accreditations.
General Institutional Information
Academic Programs and Degrees
Campus and Instructional Facilities
University Leadership
Faculty
Student Diversity
Equal Employment Opportunity/Non-Discrimination Policy
Title IX Information and Compliance
Privacy Policies
Website Privacy Statement
Privacy of Student Records (FERPA)
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) (20 U.S.C. § 1232g; 34 CFR Part 99) is a federal law that protects the privacy of student education records. The law applies to all schools that receive funds under an applicable program of the U.S. Department of Education.
In the postsecondary environment, FERPA provides a privacy protection to the student which is very broad. With limited exceptions (below), Part 99.3 of the FERPA regulations gives privacy protection to all student “education records.” Education records are defined as “hose records that are directly related to a student and  maintained by an educational agency or institution or by a party acting for the agency or institution.” Examples of records entitled to FERPA privacy protection are grade reports, attendance records, shared advising notes, transcripts, and most disciplinary files.
FERPA gives parents certain rights with respect to their children’s education records in K–12. These rights transfer to the student when he or she reaches the age of 18 or attends a school beyond the high school level. Students to whom the rights have transferred are “eligible students.”
Eligible students have the right to inspect and review the education records maintained by the postsecondary institution. Schools are not required to provide copies of records unless, for reasons such as great distance, it is impossible for eligible students to review the records. Schools may charge a fee for copies.
Eligible students have the right to request that a school correct records that they believe to be inaccurate or misleading. If the school decides not to amend the record, the eligible student then has the right to a formal hearing. After the hearing, if the school still decides not to amend the record, the eligible student has the right to place a statement with the record setting forth his or her view about the contested information.
Generally, schools must have written permission from the eligible student in order to release any information from a student’s education record. However, FERPA allows schools to disclose those records, without consent, to the following parties or under the following conditions (34 CFR § 99.31):
School officials with legitimate educational interest;
Specified officials for audit or evaluation purposes;
Appropriate parties in connection with financial aid to a student;
Accrediting organizations;
To comply with a judicial order or lawfully issued subpoena;
Appropriate officials in cases of health and safety emergencies; and
State and local authorities, within a juvenile justice system, pursuant to specific state law.
Schools may disclose, without consent, “directory” information such as a student’s name, address, telephone number, date and place of birth, honors and awards, and dates of attendance. However, schools must tell eligible students about what constitutes directory information and allow them a reasonable amount of time to “opt out” of directory information. Schools must notify eligible students annually of their rights under FERPA. The actual means of notification (special letter, student handbook, or newspaper article) is left to the discretion of each school. For more information:
Butler University Student Handbook
and
U.S. Department of Education
.
Privacy of Student Health Records
Butler University Health Services
is committed to the responsible treatment and use of student protected health information, as well as to full compliance with the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA). A
Notice of Health Information Practices
describes the personal information that is collected, and how and when that information is used or disclosed. It also describes student rights as they relate to protected health information.
Admission, Matriculation, Cost
Complete information on admission procedures and processes for prospective first-year, transfer, international and graduate students, as well as information for admitted students, parents, and guidance counselors, can be found on the
Office of Admission website
.
Comparative information about Butler University and other U.S. educational institutions is also available through the
College Navigator tool
, provided by the National Center for Education Statistics, and through the
College Scorecard
, a comprehensive database from the U.S. Department of Education.
Cost of Attendance
Net Price Calculator
Refund Policy
Withdrawal Policy
Transfer of Credit Policies
Articulation Agreements
Butler is a member of the Consortium for Urban Education (CUE) in the Indianapolis area. By special arrangement among the member institutions, students may enroll in courses at other CUE institutions that are not available at their home institution. Cross registration enables students to enhance their degree programs by taking a course at another CUE institution and receive credit at their home institution upon successful completion of the course. More information:
Consortium for Urban Education
.
Requirements for Withdrawal and Return of Federal Financial Aid
Federal regulations state that if the student has not attended more than 60 percent of the semester, a percentage of the student’s federal Title IV aid money (excluding federal work-study funds) has not been earned. If already disbursed, the school/student may be required to repay all or a portion of the aid received to the federal aid program from which it was awarded.
The formula for determining earned federal aid is as follows: divide the total number of days comprising the payment period for which assistance is awarded into the number of days completed as of the withdrawal date. The institution must return the lesser of the calculated total amount of unearned Title IV assistance or an amount equal to the total institutional charges the student incurs for the payment period multiplied by the percentage of awarded Title IV grant and loan assistance that has not been earned by the student. The school calculates this formula and returns the funds accordingly.
Funds are returned in the order dictated by the federal regulations:
Unsubsidized Stafford Loan
Subsidized Stafford Loan
Federal Perkins Loans
Federal PLUS Loan
Federal Pell Grant
Federal SEOG
Other Title IV assistance for which a return of funds is required
If these actions create a balance due on the student’s account, the student will be responsible for paying the debt to the University. The student will not be allowed to register, receive an official transcript, and/or receive future financial aid until the debt has been paid in full.
When the student is responsible for returning unearned Title IV assistance it is minus the amount the institution has already returned. Any Title IV loan program is returned in accordance with the terms of the loan and any Title IV grant program as an overpayment of the grant. However, a student is not required to return the portion of a grant overpayment amount that is equal to or less than 50 percent of the total grant assistance that was disbursed for a payment period.
Withdrawal date is defined by the day the student withdraws as determined by the school. The school will use either the student’s official withdrawal date; the date the student submits his/her written, verbal, or electronic withdrawal through the Office of Registration and Records; or documentation of last date of attendance by the faculty or staff. Official withdrawal also includes dismissals and suspension. The Office of Financial Aid receives daily reports of enrollment changes to determine the withdrawal date.
A post-withdrawal disbursement is for any student who completely withdraws from school prior to federal grants and loans being disbursed to their account.
Unpaid aid will be included in the federal refund formula as “aid that could have been disbursed.” If outstanding charges exist, the institution will credit the student’s account up to the amount of contracted charges. A post-withdrawal disbursement must be made from available grant funds before available loan funds. The student (or parent borrower for a parent PLUS loan) will be notified by email of the calculated post-withdrawal disbursement amount and will need to give the University written permission to use any post-withdrawal disbursements above the contracted charges amount. The school will notify and counsel the student that it may be beneficial to turn down all or a portion of the funds to preserve his or her future eligibility. If a student declines grant and/or loan disbursement, the institution will handle the return of funds.
Unofficial withdrawal review is required for students who receive grades of F, W, I X, and NC in any combination without any passing grades at the end of the semester. The FAA uses the latest date of attendance unless the student provides proof of the actual later date of attendance, and the proof is supported by the faculty or supervisor. When a last date of attendance cannot be determined, the 50% unofficial withdrawal date is used.
The return of Title IV funds by the institution for which it is responsible is completed as soon as possible but no later than 45 days after the date of its determination that the student withdrew. An institution must determine the withdrawal date for a student who does not provide notification to the institution no later than 30 days after the end of the earlier of the payment period or period of enrollment. The student is notified by US Postal Service of the adjustment to the federal aid.
Textbook Information
Student Financial Assistance
Descriptions of all student financial aid available in the form of federal, state, and University aid programs, cost of attendance, eligibility criteria, and application processes are available through the
Office of Financial Aid
.
The office is located in Robertson Hall, lower level, 4600 Sunset Ave., Indianapolis, IN 46208. 317-940-8200; 877-940-8200 (toll-free); 317-940-8250 (fax);
finaid@butler.edu
.
Student Loan Information
Financial Literacy and Repayment
Direct Loan Ombudsman
The Federal Student Aid Ombudsman Group of the U.S. Department of Education is dedicated to helping resolve disputes related to Direct Loans, Federal Family Education Loan (FFEL) Program loans, Guaranteed Student Loans, and Perkins Loans. The Ombudsman Group is a neutral, informal, and confidential resource to help resolve disputes about your federal student loans.
Contact the Ombudsman’s Office
online
, by postal mail (U.S. Dept. of Education, FSA Ombudsman Group, P.O. Box 1854, Monticello, KY 42633), or by phone (800-433-3243).
Exit Counseling for Student Borrowers
Student borrowers will receive notification from the Office of Financial Aid during their last semester advising them to complete this required counseling. This interactive counseling session will inform students of their Federal Direct Loan balance, describe the available repayment plan options, and allow them to compare monthly payments for each plan. More information:
Financial Literacy and Repayment
.
Butler University Code of Conduct for Education Loans
In accordance with Higher Education Opportunity Act of 2008 and U.S. Department of Education regulations, Butler University directs all officers, employees, or agents with responsibilities for educational loans to adhere to the following Student Education Loan Code of Conduct.  This Code of Conduct is in addition to the Butler University Conflict of Interest Policy.  The Code of Conduct is published and distributed annually to all relevant staff.
The following items are strictly prohibited:
Revenue Sharing  – an arrangement between a school and lender under which a lender provides or issues education loans; the school recommends to students or others the educational lender or its loans; and the lender pays a fee or provides other material benefits to the school in connection with these loans
Conflicts of Interest – see Butler University Conflict of Interest Policy
Accepting gifts above a nominal value
Accepting private loan funds based on agreement to provide certain private or Title IV loan volume
Contracting arrangements that provide compensation to school staff by lenders (with certain exceptions)
Assigning a lender to a borrower or refusal to certify a loan for a borrower’s choice of lender or guarantor
Accepting Staffing Assistance for call center or financial aid office from lenders except on a short-term, nonrecurring basis to assist institutions with financial aid-related functions during emergency situations or for office staff professional
Accepting compensation for service on an Advisory Board, except that reasonable expenses may be reimbursed by the lender or guarantor.
ii
Assigning of any first-time borrower’s loan to a particular lender and
refusal to certify, or delaying certification of, any loan based on the borrower’s selection of a particular lender or guaranty agency
For these purposes, it is not considered a “gift” to the institution for a lender or guarantor to provide:
Standard materials, activities or programs on issues related to a loan, default aversion, default prevention, or financial literacy (e.g., brochures, workshops, training)
Food, refreshments, training or informational material that is designed to improve the service of a lender, guarantor or servicer if the training contributes to the professional development of the school staff
Favorable terms, conditions and borrower benefits as long as these are provided to all students
Entrance and Exit Counseling services, as long as the school controls the counseling and does not promote the products and services of the lender (See Note below)
Philanthropic contributions not tied to loan volume
Primary Private Loan Lenders
Primary Lender Selection Process
Student Services
Campus Life and Student Activities
Student Success
Career and Job Placement Services
Facilities and Services for Students with Disabilities
Voter Registration
Butler students not registered to vote may obtain an
Indiana Mail-in Voter Registration Application
(VRG-7).
Student Outcomes
Additional statistical information on students, including enrollment trends, retention, multicultural student enrollment, and graduation rates, can be found in the
Butler University Institutional Data Profile (Fact Book)
.
First- to Second-Year Retention Rate
(see item #10)
Graduation Rates of Full-Time First-Year Students
(see item #13)
Job Placement Rates for Graduates
Graduate and Professional Education Placement for Graduates
Teacher Preparation Program Report
The U.S. Department of Education includes data on teacher preparation in “Title II Reports on the Quality of Teacher Preparation and States’ Requirements and Assessments for Initial Credentials,”
available here
. (Select “View Reports and Resources” to view data for Indiana.)
Gainful Employment Disclosures for Certificate Programs
For information on the estimated costs, related standard occupations, and normal completion time for the certificate programs that are eligible for Title IV funding, view these documents:
Licensed Mental Health Counselor
Applied Educational Neuroscience
Computer Use and Copyright Policies
Copyright Policy/File Sharing
Computer Use Master Policy
Fair, Responsible, and Acceptable Computer Use
Code of Responsibility for Security and Confidentiality of Information
Health and Safety
Complete information about campus safety, policies, and procedures is available from the
Department of Public Safety
.
DawgAlert
DawgAlert
gives University administrators the ability to reach students, faculty, and staff on and off campus with a clear, consistent message. The system will broadcast information to any communication device—landlines and cell phones, email, and PDAs. DawgAlert complements the tools the University already has in place to communicate during emergencies and weather-related delays and closings. These tools include voice and text message phone alerts, web alerts, all-campus email and voicemail alerts, and announcements through the news media.
DawgAlert enrollment
is available to the entire Butler community.
Clery Act Compliance Information
Annual Security and Fire Safety Report
Emergency Response Plan
Missing Persons Procedure for Students
Health and Wellness
Counseling Services
Vaccination Policies
Butler University is committed to maintaining a healthy campus community. Upon admission, all domestic undergraduate and international students must submit the following: health history (online); TB questionnaire (online); physical exam (obtained within the preceding 12 months and performed by an MD, ANP, PA-C, or DO); and immunization records on official medical office letterhead or state immunization registry stationery. For complete information, visit
Butler University Health Services Requirements
.
Student Athletes
The National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) provides information by institution regarding students who are receiving athletically related student aid:
Graduation Success Rates, Federal Graduation Rates
Academic Progress Rates
Additional information on Butler University student athletes, mandated by the Equity in Athletics Disclosure Act, includes
Intercollegiate Athletic Program Participation Rates and Financial Support Data
. This information can be found using this​
Equity in Athletics report
​.
Athletics Equity
Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex in education programs, including athletics, that receive federal financial assistance. Background information is available from the U.S. Department of Education’s Office for Civil Rights:
Requirements Under Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972
.
State Authorization Reciprocity Agreement (SARA)
Butler University is a member of the National Council of State Authorization Reciprocity Agreements (NC-SARA). A “State Authorization Reciprocity Agreement” is an agreement among its member states, districts and U.S. territories that establishes comparable standards for offering postsecondary distance education courses and programs. Participation in SARA provides Butler University with authorization to provide postsecondary distance education to students in other States and territories covered by the agreement. SARA does not affect the applicability of state professional licensing or other regulatory agency requirements.
Learn more about SARA
View participating SARA states
Student Grievances & Complaints
View Butler’s Professional Licensure Disclosure Page
for details about each program’s licensure requirements by state and important information for online and out-of-state students.
Professional Licensure
Professional licensure refers to the process of certifying an individual satisfies the minimum standards required for practice in a state. A professional licensure plan is an academic plan designed to prepare students for licensure or certification in an occupation that requires licensure or certification as a condition of employment.
Participation in SARA does not satisfy state requirements pertaining to professional licensure.
Important Note for Students:
If you are considering an online academic program that leads to a professional license, it is highly recommended you contact the appropriate licensing agency where you plan to receive instruction before beginning your academic program. SARA does not provide reciprocity for state professional licensing requirements. Academic programs and individual graduates must meet standards set by that state’s licensure requirements in order for a graduate to be eligible for a license.
For programs that lead to a professional license to practice, states may have additional requirements such as age, state-specific courses, internship hour requirements, or background information that must be met. Please contact the state where you are located to become fully informed of all requirements.
We strive to have licensure information up to date; however, state educational requirements are subject to change and we cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information.
Current Program Offerings:
Doctor of Pharmacy
Masters in Mental Health Counseling
Masters in School Counseling