URL: https://www.butler.edu/founders/admission-and-aid/how-to-apply
TITLE: How To Apply to Founder's College | Butler University

Applying to Founder’s College
The process to apply for Founder’s College is straightforward. Our dedicated
admission team
is available to assist you at every stage of the process, so feel free to reach out with any questions.
The 2026 application for admission is now open.
Apply now
!
What We’re Looking For
Founder’s College students will be engaged learners who are open-minded, caring, reflective, inquirers, and risk-takers. We ask students to bring their “authentic self” to the College.
A strong candidate for admission to Founder’s College will:
On average, possess a cumulative GPA of 2.5–3.0
Be a current high school senior or have completed high school (or equivalent) within the past two years with no more than 11 college credit hours completed
Demonstrate financial need through submission of the FAFSA
Live in the Central Indiana area and wish to commute to college
Demonstrate perseverance and grit in meeting their educational goals
High School Coursework
We recommend that Founder’s College applicants complete the following courses as part of their high school curriculum for the best chance of admission. These coursework guidelines are aligned with the Core 40 diploma, ensuring you’re well-prepared for success at Founder’s College:
English: 4 years (8 credits)
Mathematics: 3 years (6 credits)
Laboratory Science: 3 years (6 credits)
Social Studies/History: 3 years (6 credits)
World Language: 2 years of the same language (4 credits)
preferred
Students with a high school diploma equivalent, such as a GED, may also be considered for admission to Founder’s College.
Application Checklist
Here’s a summary of what you’ll need to apply.  The Founder’s College admission team must have all of the following items before application review can begin.
At Founder’s College, we review every applicant fairly and holistically. Our admission process is test-blind, meaning we do not consider standardized test scores (SAT, ACT, etc.) as part of your application review, even if you submit them.
Online Application
Students applying to Founder’s College must complete an
online application
. Other supporting materials can be added after submitting the online application.
Short Answer Writing Supplement
As a part of the online application, students will be asked to respond to two (2) short answer writing prompts. Your response to each prompt should be no more than 200 words.
Everyone’s path to college looks different. Tell us about a time you worked hard toward a goal, even when it was difficult. What or who helped you achieve your goal about yourself?
You know yourself best—tell us how you express your personal opinions or preferences. Is there anything else you would like us to know?
Official High School Transcript
Request that your school counseling office or registrar send us your official high school transcript electronically. Include all high schools previously attended. Transcripts should reflect coursework completed through your junior year.
OPTIONAL: Résumé
Think of the résumé as a chance to provide us with a summary of your activities and interests. It doesn’t need to be fancy—you are welcome to submit a simple list! Include your high school activities, clubs, hobbies, and community engagement. And—don’t forget—work and family responsibilities can be important to share as well.
English Proficiency Requirement
If English is not your first language, you must submit one of the accepted English proficiency tests listed on the
Butler University website
.
For Fall 2026 Founder’s College applicants, we are piloting use of the WIDA assessment. To meet Butler’s English proficiency requirement using WIDA, you must earn a composite score between 5.0 and 6.0. Your score must be sent either on your official high school transcript or directly from your high school counselor.
FAFSA Requirement
The 2026–2027 FAFSA is now available
.
To be considered for admission to Founder’s College, applicants should submit the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
by the Priority Application Deadline of February 15. We will still accept FAFSAs after this date. Demonstrating a high level of financial need through the FAFSA is a prerequisite for admission to Founder’s College. Your application for admission will
not
be reviewed until your completed FAFSA is on file.
Use Butler’s school code when filing: 001788.
Most non-U.S. citizens are not eligible for federal student aid from the U.S. Department of Education, and cannot file the FAFSA. There are, however, some instances in which eligible non-citizens may be eligible for federal government aid. Visit
studentaid.gov
for more information.
Students who are non-federal aid eligible are invited to complete the
CSS Profile Lite
. The CSS Profile Lite allows students to explore non-federal aid options. It should be filed before the Priority Application Deadline of February 15, but no later than the state deadline of April 15. Use the Founder’s College at Butler University code when filing: 1073.
If you have questions about completing the FAFSA or
CSS Profile Lite
, please
contact our Financial Aid team
or register for a
Financial Aid Workshop
.
Learn More About Tuition, Scholarships, and Financial Aid
Admission Resources
Founder’s College
Student Brochure
Founder’s College
Student Flyer
Academic Majors One Sheet