URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/academics/school-music-theatre-and-dance/graduate-music-admission
TITLE: Graduate Music Admission | Ithaca College

Graduate Music Admission
2025–26 Application Information
Application, audition, and interview information for the 2025–26 admission cycle (Fall 2026 admission), including updated requirements, deadlines, and audition/interview dates are now available.
Before You Begin Your Application
Please read the following information carefully
before
beginning your application. All parts of the application process must be completed before your application is reviewed.
Application Process
Apply to the Ithaca College School of Music, Theatre, and Dance
Apply to the Ithaca College School of Music, Theatre, and Dance using our
Online Graduate Application
Pre-screen materials will not be evaluated, and applicants will not be able to schedule an audition and/or interview, until
all
application materials have been received.
Review Center for Music application requirements.
Please do not submit more than one application.
Schedule Your Audition and/or Interview
Auditions and interviews are scheduled by appointment with our faculty.
Conducting applicants will be invited to schedule an audition pending a successful pre-screen.
Applicants to all other programs will be able to schedule an audition or interview after all your application materials have been received.
Wait for Your Decision
Pre-screen decisions are typically released 3-4 weeks from the date of submission.
Regular Decision for all Center for Music graduate programs
are rolling
, meaning applicants will receive a decision any time between the week following their audition and/or interview and April 15.
Graduate Application Dates and Information
Composition (M.M.)
Conducting (M.M.)
Performance (M.M.)
Graduate Application Dates and Information
Application Deadline
Still accepting applications
Resume/ CV
One (1) Required
Recommendation Letters
Two (2) Required
Personal Statement
One (1) Required- topic in application
Additional Requirements and Pre-Screens
See
here
for additional application and pre-screen requirements by program.
Transcript(s)
Non-Ithaca College Students
: An official electronic transcript from each college or university attended should be sent to
admission@ithaca.edu
by the registrar using the sending institution’s secure electronic submission system. Transcripts sent from a personal email are not official. If an official electronic transcript cannot be provided, an official paper transcript may be sent to:
Ithaca College
Office of Admission
953 Danby Road
Ithaca, NY 14850
Current Ithaca College Students
: Your Ithaca College transcript will be provided to the Office of Admission automatically. However, you must request official transcripts from any other collegiate institutions you have attended, regardless of whether you received college credit from those institutions.
Application Fee
Non-Ithaca College Students
: $40
Current Ithaca College Students
: The application fee is waived.
Audition and Interview Requirements
Want to know the application requirements for a specific program?
Find Out More
Dates, Locations, and Schedules
Find out where we will be this year and see what a typical day looks like.
Find Out More
Produced by Well Said Media. Music by Corey Stark, Composition (B.M.) '25.
CONTACT US
School of Music, Theatre, and Dance
We're here to help!
mtd@ithaca.edu
607-274-7300