URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/academics/school-health-sciences-and-human-performance/graduate-programs/graduate-study-speech-language-pathology/application-requirements
TITLE: Application Requirements | Ithaca College

Applying to the Program
Complete your application to the master's in speech-language pathology program.
Ready to Apply to the M.S. in Speech-Language Pathology?
Get Started
All Applicants
To be considered for admission to the speech-language pathology graduate degree, with or without teaching certification, you must have an undergraduate degree from an accredited institution and an overall grade point average of at least 3.00 (on a 4.00 grading system) in your undergraduate major. Residential students must begin the program during the fall semester.
Applications must be submitted through the
Communication Science and Disorders Centralized Application Service (CSDCAS)
. (To learn more about CSDCAS, please visit
CSDCAS Help
.)
Ithaca College Undergraduate Students Majoring in SLPA Applying for Automatic Acceptance to the Graduate Program
Students currently enrolled in the SLPA major at Ithaca College and who have a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.6 by the end of fall semester of senior year are guaranteed acceptance to the graduate program if they choose to apply.
Students who meet criteria for automatic acceptance to the graduate program
must submit an online application via CSDCAS
, including paying the application fee,  and submitting official undergraduate transcripts from all institutions of higher education they have attended. Students meeting automatic admission criteria who wish to be considered for an assistantship must also submit one letter of recommendation.
Students who wish to take advantage of the opportunity to be automatically accepted to the graduate program must apply within two years following graduation from the undergraduate program.
PLEASE NOTE:
All students
, including those qualifying for auto-admission, MUST apply through CSDCAS, and MUST submit transcripts from IC and any other college or university attended. Please follow the procedure described under the "Application Process" link below.
The committee reviews applications as they are received; if you have questions about the process, please contact the graduate chair.
Online Program Applicants
Click here to read about specific application requirements for the online M.S. in Speech-Language Pathology program.
International Applicants
Cultural diversity and a global perspective are important values at Ithaca College and we greatly appreciate the contributions our international students make to the IC community. Candidates applying from institutions outside the USA must have transcripts evaluated by World Education Services. Students whose native language is not English should review the college's requirements for
applying as an international student
.
About the Application Process
Prerequisite Requirements
Review our GPA and prerequisite course requirements.
Application Deadlines
Mark your calendar with important admission deadlines.
Application Process
Familiarize yourself with how to apply to the program.
Questions about the  graduate SLP program?
For in-person modality applicants ONLY:
Dr. David Hajjar, Graduate Chair, Residential,
dhajjar@ithaca.edu
For online modality applicants ONLY:
Dr. Lauren Wright-Jones, Graduate Chair, Online,
lwrightjones@ithaca.edu