URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/academics/school-business/prospective-students
TITLE: For Prospective Students | Ithaca College

Discover What Success in Business Means to You
In the Ithaca College School of Business, you'll build the skills you need to launch the professional career of your dreams.
Learn from professors
and advisors who know their industries inside and out. Gain access to undergraduate opportunities typically found only in MBA programs.
Share your plan
for the next big idea in our campus-wide business competitions,
manage real portfolios worth close to $1,000,000
, or
launch your own startup
with support from local Ithaca entrepreneurs. Network with alumni mentors and industry leaders to
land competitive internships
that will empower you to explore established and growing industries,
gain real-world experience
, and
define yourself as a professional
.
Start your journey with us today.
$1M
Value
Gain hands-on experience by managing a $1,000,000 student-run portfolio of investments rather than practicing with simulations.
30
Faculty Members
Our 26 full-time and 4 part-time faculty members are first-rate scholars, as well as experienced entrepreneurs and executives, with a passion for teaching.
Talk to Us!
Ask a question, learn about resources, chat about life in the School of Business, and more!
bizhelp@ithaca.edu
607-274-7901
Undergraduate Degree Programs
Accounting
Earn an accounting degree you can count on with a thorough grounding in accounting and business principles.
Learn More
Business Analytics
Transform data into useful information with a degree in Business Analytics.
Learn More
Finance
Develop the skills necessary to apply advanced financial concepts to corporate and personal investment decisions.
Learn More
Marketing
Blend key business skills with creativity as you learn to plan, promote, price, and distribute products and services.
Learn More
Sport Management
Turn your love of the game into a career in Sport Management.
Learn More
Strategic Leadership
Develop the skills needed to oversee today’s complex business environments and lead with experience.
Learn More
Ready for the Next Step?
Request Information
Plan a Visit
Apply Today