URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/academics/majors-minors
TITLE: Undergraduate Majors and Minors | Ithaca College

Realize Your Vision
Completing a bachelor's degree at Ithaca College is fueled by your discoveries, hard work, and creativity. With over 140 undergraduate majors and minors, you'll be able to turn your career and life goals into action.
Undergraduate Majors and Minors
Our bachelor’s degree programs provide you with a solid foundation to become an accountant or actor, historian or health care provider, chemist or cinematographer, psychologist or performer — or so many other things.
Majors
With over 70 bachelor’s programs, IC caters to a broad variety of possibilities for your education and your career.
Minors
Specialize your expertise and expand your horizons in one (or more) of 70 minors at IC.
Accelerated and Combined Programs
Students in three of our health sciences programs can advance from undergraduate studies to their master’s or doctoral program.
Search by Major or Academic Program
search programs
Icon / Search
What undergraduate program at IC best suits your passions? Use keywords, phrases, or subject names to navigate the possibilities.
Undergraduate Programs by School
In every one of IC’s five schools, expert faculty are dedicated to student success. In addition to academic programs, you’ll find dozens of student organizations, events, and career-building opportunities tailored to each school’s programs.
Business
Develop and expand your potential through hands-on business majors, minors, and certificate programs.
Communications
Immerse yourself in media and communications with majors and minors offered by the Roy H. Park School of Communications.
Health Sciences and Human Performance
Prepare for a clinical or allied health profession career through a variety of majors focused on health, wellness and communities.
Humanities and Sciences
Equip yourself with the critical thinking, communication, research, and analytical skills to go wherever your curiosity leads you.
Music, Theatre, and Dance
Join our community of trailblazers engaging in performance, production, education, management, theory, history, and composition.
Exploratory Program
Not knowing your major isn’t major. This unique exploratory opportunity exposes you to a variety of programs across IC’s schools.
Ranked Top 10 Best Undergrad Teaching
Learn About All Our Rankings
140+
Majors and Minors
Find your niche and explore your side interests in focused bachelor’s degree programs and one-off elective courses alike.
4,200
Undergraduate Students
Join a community of diverse learners, eager creatives, and collaborative innovators on our dynamic campus.