URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/admission/graduate-admission/apply/athletic-training-apply
TITLE: Athletic Training - Apply | Ithaca College

Application Deadlines and Requirements
Master of Science (M.S.) in Athletic Training
Ready to Apply to the M.S. in Athletic Training?
START YOUR APPLICATION
Athletic Training (MS)
Graduate Application Dates and Information
Learn more about the
M.S. in Athletic Training
at Ithaca College.
Regular application deadline
July 15, 2026
Minimum GPA
3.0 (on a 4.0 scale). For international students, this may translate to a high pass/pass set of marks.
Prerequisite Requirements
Successful graduation from undergraduate institution and completion of prerequisites as follows:
C- or higher in the following prerequisite courses:
4 credits of Biology (lab required)
4 credits of Physics (lab required)
3–4 credits of Chemistry (lab not required)
4 credits of Anatomy & Physiology I (lab required)
4 credits of Anatomy & Physiology II (lab required)
3 credits of General or Developmental Psychology
3–4 credits of Statistics
Current CPR/AED or BLS Healthcare Provider certification
(Must be current and submitted by August 1 before starting clinical experiences)
Ability to meet the program’s technical standards (physical, mental, emotional, and communication requirements)
Recommendation letters
1 required. May submit up to two.
Testing
International students without English as their primary language must take the TOEFL or similar test for English language proficiency.
Transcript(s)
Non-Ithaca College Students
: An official electronic transcript from each college or university attended should be sent to
admission@ithaca.edu
by the registrar using the sending institution’s secure electronic submission system. Transcripts sent from a personal email are not official. If an official electronic transcript cannot be provided, an official paper transcript may be sent to:
Ithaca College
Office of Admission
953 Danby Road
Ithaca, NY 14850
Current Ithaca College Undergraduate Students
: Your Ithaca College transcript will be provided to the Office of Admission automatically. However, you must request official transcripts from any other collegiate institutions you have attended, regardless of whether you received college credit from those institutions.
Application fee
Non-Ithaca College Students
: $40
Current Ithaca College Students
: The application fee is waived.