URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/admission/undergraduate-admission/international-students
TITLE: International Students | Ithaca College

Welcome, international students!
Live and learn at Ithaca College, and benefit from small classes, strong student-faculty relationships, and a welcoming and supportive environment.
Ithaca College students come from 54 countries and nearly every state in the United States of America.
At IC, you'll have opportunities to extend your experience of the world and prepare for success as a global citizen. In addition to participating in international events on campus, students in every major are encouraged to venture out into the community, the region, the nation, and the world.
Ithaca College is located in
Ithaca, New York
, routinely ranked one of the
top college towns in the United States
. Approximately a four-hour drive from New York City, Ithaca is in the heart of New York State's Finger Lakes region, known for its lakes, waterfalls, and gorges.
Choose from
more than 70 majors and 70 minors
in IC's Schools of Business, Communications, Health Sciences and Human Performance, Humanities and Sciences, and Music, Theatre, and Dance.
Or, consider the
Exploratory Program
if you’re unsure what you want to study. This guided approach will help you find your own path and prepare for a successful future. Choose whether to focus on Business Pathways, Communications (Park) Pathways, Humanities and Sciences Pathways, or our Pre-Health Professions Program.
Ithaca College students engage in immersive learning through
research, internships, performances, fieldwork
, and other opportunities.
IC’s
Integrative Core Curriculum
will help you connect concepts across disciplines through a theme that examines ideas and issues from different perspectives.
Baneet Pukhrambam ’26 | New Delhi, India
Admission Host, IC London Center, ICTV, Leadership Scholar, Student Governance Council
“My major allows me to gain a lot of hands-on experience during and outside class. In my classes, we perform exercises and practice concepts in the form of assignments. Through clubs and organizations, I get a chance to work with professional equipment, learn in the field, and work with and learn from my peers who have similar interests.”
Read more about me and other international students at Ithaca College!
Learn more
Office of International Programs
Explore this website
for detailed information about admission and financial aid for international applicants.
To receive future communications from Ithaca College, be sure to
tell us about yourself
.
“Thank you for being part of my academic and personal growth. Coming to study at IC changed my life in unimaginable ways. IC exceeded all my expectations. I got to learn, explore and express the widest range of emotions I had ever been allowed or allowed myself to experience. Learning to truly dive in deep into my human experience [and] being surrounded by an inclusive community made me a better writer. As a freshman, I could have never imagined all the opportunities and growth that turned me into the person I am today.”
Marcos Andre de Melo Filho ’20, Screenwriting (Brazil)
Additional resources
EducationUSA
Special Circumstances
Ithaca College is committed to supporting students whose college search has been impacted by natural disasters or the coronavirus (COVID-19). If you require assistance, please contact the Office of Admission.
For additional information
Office of Admission
Attention: International Admission
Ithaca College
953 Danby Road
Ithaca, NY 14850-7020
U.S.A.
admission@ithaca.edu
+ 1 607 274 3124