URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/admission/undergraduate-admission/apply-ic/required-supporting-documents
TITLE: Required Supporting Documents | Ithaca College

Submitting required documents
Official documents required for admission consideration should be submitted securely using the Common Application and partnering platforms like Naviance, Scoir, or Parchment. If documents cannot be submitted electronically, they may be sent via postal mail to the Office of Admission. If you cannot submit documents via official platforms or via mail, please contact the Office of Admission to discuss your options. Please review our
test optional page
to learn about options related to the submission of ACT or SAT scores.
First-year applicants must submit:
Secondary school report and official high school transcripts
A letter(s) of recommendation or teacher evaluation is
optional
$60 application fee
SAT or ACT scores are
optional
(exception noted below), and SAT subject tests are not considered
* Please note, if you are home schooled or attend a high school that provides a descriptive report card (rather than alpha-numeric grades), you must submit SAT or ACT scores.
Your senior grades matter. Please be sure to have your counselor send us first trimester or first marking period grades when they become available.
Transfer applicants must submit:
Official final high school transcript(s)*
Official college or university transcript(s)*
A letter(s) of recommendation or academic evaluation is
optional
SAT or ACT scores are
optional
*We strongly encourage transfer applicants to submit official documents for admission consideration whenever possible. To make the transfer application process more flexible and accessible, Ithaca College also accepts unofficial transcripts and other unofficial academic documents for admission review. This includes transcripts and records that you upload yourself as part of your application.
Please note:
If you are offered admission and choose to enroll, official transcripts will be required. Official documents must be sent by the issuing institution in order to complete your official transfer credit evaluation and confirm your enrollment at Ithaca College.
Programs in the School of Music, Theatre, and Dance have audition or interview requirements for all applicants.
Learn more:
Audition requirements for music
Audition/interview requirements for theatre and dance
Application deadlines
for the School of Music, Theatre, and Dance vary by program and/or instrument.
Early Decision admission is available for all Music programs, Theatre Studies, and Theatre Administration.
Early Action admission is not available for applicants to the School of Music, Theatre, and Dance.
International applicants must submit the following:
A complete and original secondary school transcript or marks sheet (grades) that bears the school seal and certifying signature of a school authority. Also submit official transcripts from all universities attended.
Applicants must provide a certified English translation of all transcripts that are not in English.
A letter(s) of recommendation is
optional
. If submitted, it must be from the principal, school head, or college counselor sent directly from your school to Ithaca College.
Proof of English proficiency
Please note:
Ithaca College has waived the application fee for international students. Please select the "Institutional Fee Waiver" in Ithaca College’s member section questions on the
Common Application
.
Already enrolled? Send your final transcript(s) to the Office of Admission.
Whether you've just finished high school or your first semester or year(s) at another college, have your school(s) send your FINAL transcript to IC. Log in to
IC Connect
and check your application checklist as the transcript may be sent automatically by your school(s). If the transcript is being sent via postal mail, please have it sent to:
Office of Admission
Ithaca College
953 Danby Road
Ithaca, NY 14850
If you are a high school student who earned college credit for a course you took in high school, please have the college send your transcript to the
Office of the Registrar
(also at the address above).
CONTACT THE OFFICE OF ADMISSION
Monday–Friday 8:30 a.m.–5 p.m. ET
admission@ithaca.edu
(607) 274-3124