URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/admission/graduate-admission/apply/mba-entertainment-media-mgmt-apply
TITLE: MBA in Entertainment & Media Mgmt - Apply | Ithaca College

Program Deadlines and Requirements
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.) in Entertainment and Media Management
Ready to Apply to the M.B.A. in Entertainment & Media Management?
START YOUR APPLICATION
M.B.A. in Entertainment and Media Management
Graduate Application Dates and Information
Learn more about the
M.B.A. in Entertainment and Media Management
at Ithaca College.
Application deadline for scholarship consideration
March 1
Regular application deadline
May 1, with rolling admission.
Preparatory Undergraduate Coursework
For applicants without a business background, completing some proprietary coursework can be helpful before starting the program.
Admission Criteria
All applications for admission to the MBA in Entertainment & Media Management program are reviewed based on their own merits, with consideration given to the strength of a student’s previous academic performance, professional experiences, and other pertinent information which the candidate for admission may provide to the Committee on Admissions. GMAT or GRE test scores are not required for the application, however applicants who lack significant industry experience or whose undergraduate GPA is below 3.3 are able to submit scores.
Successful applicants will demonstrate a deep interest in the Entertainment and Media industries. Applicants will submit a personal statement as part of their application and are strongly encouraged to view that as an opportunity to explain their interest in the field.
Applicants must hold a baccalaureate degree from an accredited institution. No specific undergraduate course of study is required for admission, nor is any specific course of undergraduate study recommended for those students planning to pursue this degree. Undergraduate majors represented in the program include, but are not limited to, business, performing arts, film, integrated marketing communications, television/radio, sports media, sport management, social sciences, and the humanities.
Recommendation letters
2 required
Essay
Required (topic included in the application)
Testing
No required testing. However, applicants who lack significant industry experience or whose undergraduate GPA is below 3.3 may submit either GMAT or GRE scores.
Transcript(s)
Non-Ithaca College Students
: An official electronic transcript from each college or university attended should be sent to
admission@ithaca.edu
by the registrar using the sending institution’s secure electronic submission system. Transcripts sent from a personal email are not official. If an official electronic transcript cannot be provided, an official paper transcript may be sent to:
Ithaca College
Office of Admission
953 Danby Road
Ithaca, NY 14850
Current Ithaca College Students:
your Ithaca College transcript will be provided to the Office of Admission automatically. However, you must request official transcripts from any other collegiate institutions you have attended, regardless of whether you received college credit from those institutions.
Application fee
Non-Ithaca College Students
: $40
Current Ithaca College Students
: The application fee is waived.