URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/admission/undergraduate-admission/apply-ic
TITLE: Apply to IC | Ithaca College

Discovery Begins Here
When you apply to IC, you’ll jump-start the kind of life you’ve dreamed of. Blaze your own trail in our community of transformative thinkers and doers.
Start Your Application
Applying is easy: select Ithaca College in Common App or Coalition with Scoir!
Apply in Common App
Log in to Common App and add Ithaca College to your list of schools.
Apply Coalition with Scoir
IC now accepts applications through the Coalition for College powered by Scoir!
Additional Application Information
For Transfer Students
Apply for free to start in the fall or spring. Find details about transfer credits, financial aid, and transfer scholarships.
For International Students
International students can apply in Common App for free! Your application fee is waived once you verify your eligibility.
For Veterans and Military-Related Students
Ithaca College is dedicated to assisting veterans, service members, and their families achieve college degrees.
For Students Interested in HEOP
The Higher Education Opportunity Program provides academic, social-emotional and financial support to NY State residents who qualify.
Fee Waivers
Application fees should not be a barrier in your journey to college, so Ithaca College offers a wide variety of fee waivers.
Log in to Common App
, and in response to the question “Do you have a fee waiver?” select the appropriate option in the dropdown menu or enter the code you may have received via email.
Contact us at
admission@ithaca.edu
or 607-274-3124 if you have questions.
Complete Your Application
Deadlines, Requirements, Advice
We make the application process as accessible and straightforward as we can—by being in Common App, having a test-optional policy, and offering a variety of application deadlines. See our general and program-specific resources for additional information.
Application Deadlines
Choose whether to apply early decision, early action, or regular decision. (Some music & theatre majors have their own deadlines.)
What We Consider
We want to know all about you — including your academic performance, community involvement, leadership roles, and more.
Program-Specific Requirements
Find what you need to apply to majors in art, business, world languages, music, STEM, theatre, & physical or occupational therapy.
Required Supporting Documents
Get a detailed list of materials to submit in support of your application, including transcripts and letters of recommendation.
Test Optional Policy
We know that your talents, skills, accomplishments, and potential aren’t reflected in a single SAT or ACT test score!
Application Advising
Schedule an appointment to ask questions about your application or to confirm what materials we’ve received.
After You've Applied
Once your application is in our hands, you can finalize any extra materials, explore further opportunities through IC Connect (IC’s application portal), and complete your FAFSA.
Next Steps
Reactivate Your Application
If you’ve applied to IC within the past two years, you can reuse some of your documentation and resubmit your Common App.
Get Started
Contact the Admission Office
Monday–Friday, 8:30 a.m.–5:00 p.m. ET
admission@ithaca.edu
(607) 274-3124