URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/admission/undergraduate-admission
TITLE: Undergraduate Admission | Ithaca College

Be Part of Something Greater
Join our community of curious, ambitious students and faculty as we learn and work together across fields and professions. With hands-on opportunities, you'll create amazing things, inspire people, make new discoveries, and turn your passions into a successful and fulfilling life.
Visit Us
Experience your future home with an on-campus visit, or opt for virtual tours and meet-and-greets to see our picturesque campus.
Experience IC
Get Started
The college selection process can feel daunting (we’ve been there, too!). We’re here to help you discover how choosing Ithaca means choosing progress — in your career, yes, and in almost every part of your life.
Apply to IC
Take the first step toward transformative learning by applying via Common App or Coalition with Scoir.
Application Deadlines
View early decision, early action, and regular decision deadlines. (Note special deadlines for music, theatre, and dance majors.)
Scholarships, Financial Aid, and Tuition
Undergraduate admission goes hand-in-hand with scholarships, financial aid, and resources for investing in your education.
Ithaca College in Your Area
Meet IC admission counselors at events across the U.S. and around the world to learn more about what Ithaca College offers.
Featured News
Ithaca College and Tompkins Cortland Community College Launch Dual Admission Partnership
Ithaca College and Tompkins Cortland Community College launch dual admission partnership.
Experience Ithaca College Virtually
Explore our beautiful campus from anywhere in the world with our immersive 360° virtual tour.
Launch Virtual Experience
For School Counselors
Find the information you need to help your students make an informed decision about IC.
Counselor Resources
For Transfer Students
Pursue a new path at IC that includes hands-on learning, faculty mentors, internships, study abroad, and so much more.
For International Students
Join a diverse community of students from 45+ countries, all dedicated to rigorous academics and intercultural learning.
Why Ithaca?
Our friendly community offers you a place for building skills that expand your capabilities, challenging your assumptions, co-creating to bring your ideas to life, and resources, mentors, and industry leaders to contribute to your growth.
Academic Programs
Gain meaningful knowledge and hands-on experience in one (or more) of our 70+ undergraduate majors and 70 minors.
Life on Campus
Our community invests in research, art, service projects, DIII athletics, performances, and all other aspects of our shared life.
New Student and Transition Programs
Take part in activities—including orientation and more—designed to help you transition into and succeed in our vibrant community.
Scholar Programs
Join an exceptional group of scholars who collaborate on impactful projects, ask deep questions, and advocate for change.
Career Resources
From your first days on campus, you can access four-year plans, internship opportunities, career coaching, and so much more.
Search by Major or Academic Program
search programs
Icon / Search
Use our Major Finder to search by subjects or keywords. Not sure where to start? Check out our distinctive Exploratory Program with pathways in a variety of fields.
$215M
Overall
Awards were made in grants, scholarships, loans, and work-study to IC students last year.
18
Average Class Size
Our small classes ensure that your voice is heard and you’ll have your instructor’s attention.
200+
Student Orgs & Clubs
Put your passions and interests to work with like-minded people. You can even start your own club to bring your favorite hobby or volunteer opportunity to campus.
Discover Ithaca
Explore beautiful tree-lined paths, inspiring hands-on learning spaces, and 150+ waterfalls within 10 miles of Ithaca’s warm (in spirit; it’s cold when it snows), community-oriented campus.
See More
Contact the Admission Office
Monday–Friday 8:30 a.m.–5:00 p.m. ET
admission@ithaca.edu
(607) 274-3124