URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/admission/undergraduate-admission/apply-ic/program-specific-information
TITLE: Program-Specific Information | Ithaca College

Music and theatre majors have audition or interview requirements.
Learn more:
Audition requirements for applicants to music majors
Audition/interview requirements for theatre and dance applicants (including musical theatre)
Note:
Early decision applicants
to majors offered by the School of Music, Theatre, and Dance must audition on the first audition date. (See
Music Admission
for more information.)
Early action is not an option
for applicants to majors offered by the School of Music, Theatre, and Dance.
The
regular decision deadline
for the following majors in the School of Music, Theatre, and Dance is
December 1 :
Acting*
Dance and Choreography for Musical Theatre*
Musical Theatre*
*Applicants to acting, dance and choreography for musical theatre, musical theatre, stage management, and theatre production and design may
only
apply regular decision (early decision and early action are not options).
The
regular decision deadline
for all other majors in the School of Music, Theatre, and Dance is
February 16
(extended).
Art
Students applying for admission to the Art Department are not required to submit a portfolio with their application but have the option to do so if they wish. If a student chooses to submit a portfolio, a faculty member will review it and forward a recommendation to IC's Office of Admission.
Portfolios may be submitted by emailing a link or documents to
art@ithaca.edu
, or you can mail materials to:
Department of Art
Ceracche Building, Ithaca College
953 Danby Rd.
Ithaca NY 14850
Please enclose a self-addressed stamped envelope if you would like the portfolio to be returned to you.
Athletic Training, Occupational Therapy, and Physical Therapy
Applicants to athletic training (AT), occupational therapy (OT), and physical therapy (PT) must complete a minimum of three years of high school mathematics and one year each of biology and chemistry. In addition, one year of physics is strongly recommended for applicants to these majors.
Applicants to these programs should be able to demonstrate knowledge of their chosen profession. Ithaca College encourages prospective students in these majors to complete a shadowing or volunteer experience with a professional in their respective field of practice. Applicants to the physical therapy program must also be able to perform the functions described in the document
Department of Physical Therapy Essential Functions for Physical Therapy Practice
.
School of Business
We recommend that applicants to majors offered by the School of Business complete at least three years of high school mathematics, with algebra taken at the highest level possible.
Transfer students should note that the last 48 credits and at least 50 percent of any business major must be completed at Ithaca College. Further details regarding transfer credit eligibility may be found in the
Ithaca College undergraduate catalog
.
STEM Disciplines
If you are considering a major in Biochemistry, Biology, Chemistry, Computer Science, Environmental Sciences, Mathematics, or Physics, we recommend that you complete a minimum of three years of high school science and mathematics coursework.
World Languages and Cultures
We recommend that applicants to the World Languages and Cultures major complete at least two full years of high school study of a modern language.