URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/admission/graduate-admission
TITLE: Graduate Admission | Ithaca College

Become an Expert and Leader
With a graduate degree from Ithaca College, you can propel your professional success to new heights while you tackle challenging ethical issues, drive innovative research, and create real change that influences lives every day. Here, your passions will yield tangible outcomes and real-world opportunities for you to flourish in your field.
Get Started
With Ithaca College’s rigorous approach to complex ideas and experiential learning, as well as our networking opportunities and high pass rates on professional exams, your industry preparedness and job prospects will grow.
Our Graduate Programs
Earn a graduate degree or professional certificate, or enter an accelerated (bachelor’s-to-professional) health sciences track.
How to Apply
Complete a degree-specific application process that highlights your relevant skills and experience.
Connect with Us
Sign up for a virtual information session or contact us if you'd like to schedule an individual appointment or campus visit.
Tuition and Financial Aid
Invest in furthering your career through financial aid and scholarship opportunities unique to your graduate program.
Interested in Learning More?
If you would like to be notified when graduate applications open for entry in 2027 (or beyond), please
complete our graduate interest form
.
What to Expect as a Graduate Student
We foster curiosity and facilitate opportunity here in beautiful Ithaca, New York. Further your career by participating in experiential learning, networking with IC alumni and industry leaders, and serving communities here and around the world.
Graduate Student Life
Join fellow strivers and thinkers in everyday life: find housing, local transportation, and plenty of things to do in and around Ithaca.
Explore Graduate Student LIfe
Advance Your Career
Augment your graduate degree with IC’s networking opportunities, career coaching, and competitive placement record.
Our Career Advancement Options
Research and Applied Learning
Expand your impact in 10+ clinics and labs as well as fieldwork opportunities and internship, externship, and clinical placements.
Learn More About Hands-On Learning
We Rank Among the Best
Learn About All Our Rankings
500
Graduate Students
Our graduate scholars collaborate as students and network as industry professionals.
99%
Pass Rate
Based on an average of all graduates sitting for the Educating All Students, National Physical Therapy, National Board for Certification in Occupational Therapy, and Praxis exams.
#1
Best Town to Visit in America
According to CNN, Ithaca, New York, is a top nature destination with an eclectic downtown that hosts annual festivals and thriving art, music, food, and theatre scenes.
Graduate Admission Application Deadlines
Each graduate program has its own application deadline. Mark your calendar so that you’ll remember when to apply!
Contact the Admission Office
Monday–Friday 8:30 a.m.–5:00 p.m. ET
admission@ithaca.edu
(607) 274-3124