URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/admission/undergraduate-admission/apply-ic/application-deadlines
TITLE: Application Deadlines | Ithaca College

Admission and Scholarship Application Deadlines
Admission and Scholarship Application Type
Application Deadline
Spring Admission
(First-Year and Transfer; priority consideration)
November 1
Presidential Scholarship
November 1
Early Decision
Note: Acting, Dance and Choreography for Musical Theatre, Musical Theatre, Stage Management, and Theatre Production and Design applicants cannot apply early decision
November 1
Scholar Programs
(Innovation; Leadership; MLK; Park)
December 1 for Park Scholar Program
December 15 for Innovation, Leadership, and MLK Scholar Programs (extended)
Early Action
Note: Applicants to majors offered by the School of Music, Theatre, and Dance cannot apply early action.
December 15 (extended)
Regular Decision for select music and theatre majors:
Acting
Dance and Choreography for Musical Theatre
Musical Theatre
(First-Year and Transfer)
December 1
Regular Decision (First-year)
All majors except Acting, Dance and Choreography for Musical Theatre, Musical Theatre, Stage Management, and Theatre Production and Design.
Still accepting applications
Regular Decision (Transfer)
All majors except those in the School of Music, Theatre, and Dance. Review transfer deadlines to Music, Theatre, and Dance programs
here
.
Still accepting applications
Notes:
To apply for the
Presidential Scholarship
and/or
Scholar Programs
, you may apply for admission early decision, early action, or regular decision. (You will be able to access the scholarship applications in IC Connect, your application portal, after you apply to IC via Common App or Coalition with Scoir.)
Early Decision applicants to the School of Music, Theatre, and Dance must audition or interview on the first available audition or interview date.
Applicants to
Acting
,
Dance and Choreography for Musical Theatre
, and
Musical Theatre
may only apply Regular Decision (
December 1
for those majors).
Applicants to
Stage Management and Theatre Production and Design
may only apply Regular Decision
(February 1)
.
FAFSA
priority deadlines correspond with the admission application deadline: Spring Admission: November 1; Early Decision November 1; Early Action December 1; Regular Decision February 1; Transfer March 1.
A
$500 nonrefundable deposit
is required to confirm your enrollment. This amount will be credited to your first semester bill.
Additional Information about Application Types
Early Decision, Early Action, and Regular Decision for First-Year Admission
Expand All
Early Decision (First-year applicants only)
Application deadline: November 1
Notification date: December 15
Enrollment confirmation deadline: February 1
If IC is your first-choice college, we encourage you to consider applying early decision.
Apply early decision for free in Common App or Coalition with SCOIR. (All early decision applicants qualify for a fee waiver!)
Early decision is a binding admission process. If you are offered admission, you agree to submit your enrollment confirmation and pay your nonrefundable enrollment deposit by February 1 and to withdraw any applications you submitted to other colleges and universities.
Important notes for early decision applicants to majors offered by the School of Music, Theatre, and Dance:
Early Decision applicants to music majors must audition on the first available audition date. Please see the
Center for Music admission web page
for more information.
Early Decision applicants to Theatre Administration and Theatre Studies must interview on the first available interview date. Please see the
Center for Theatre and Dance admission web page
for more information.
Early Action (first-year applicants only)
Application deadline: December 15 (extended)
Notification date: February 1
Apply early action for free in Common App or Coalition App. (All early action applicants qualify for a fee waiver!)
Ithaca College offers a non-binding early action round of admission.
Due to the timing of the audition and interview process, applicants to majors in the School of Music, Theatre, and Dance may not apply early action.
Regular Decision
Application deadline:
December 1 for first-year and transfer admission to select majors in music, theatre, and dance:
Acting
Dance and Choreography for Musical Theatre
Musical Theatre
February 1 for first-year and transfer admission to select majors in music, theatre, and dance:
All music majors (extended to February 16)
Stage Management
Theatre Administration (extended to February 16)
Theatre Production and Design
Theatre Studies (extended to February 16)
February 16 (extended) for first-year admission to all majors in the Schools of Business, Communications, Health Sciences & Human Performance, and Humanities & Sciences.
Notification deadline: April 15
Spring Semester Entry
If you are considering starting in the spring semester, please contact the Office of Admission so we can determine together whether this is your best option.
Application deadline: November 1
All supporting application materials must sent to Ithaca College by December 1.
Decision notification and enrollment confirmation deadlines vary on a case-by-case basis.
Transfer Admission
Application deadline: March 16 (extended) for transfer admission to all majors in the Schools of Business, Communications, Health Sciences & Human Performance, and Humanities & Sciences.
For additional information about transferring to Ithaca College, see
ithaca.edu/transfer
.