URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/admission/graduate-admission/apply
TITLE: Apply | Ithaca College

Application and Admission
Chart your own course to an impactful future with a graduate degree. Apply to graduate school today to shape the next step in your professional career.
Why earn your graduate degree at Ithaca College?
Here, in Ithaca, New York—a global and “gorges” destination—you’ll be mentored by expert faculty as you build your professional network. You’ll be well prepared and energized as you continue to benefit from IC’s distinctive learning model—an intentional blend of academic theory, demanding practice, and real-life performance. Whether you seek licensure or certification, mentors, skills and expertise, or the opportunity to collaborate on pioneering academic research—or all of the above—you can chart your course to an impactful future by pursuing graduate study at IC.
Apply for Your Graduate Degree
Accounting
Master of Science (MS) in Accounting
Athletic Training
Professional Entry-Level Master of Science (MS) in Athletic Training
Business
Master of Business Administration (MBA) in Entertainment and Media Management
Education
Master of Science (MS) in Childhood Education or Master of Arts in Teaching (MAT)
Exercise and Sport Sciences
Master of Science (MS) in Exercise and Sport Sciences, thesis/non-thesis (concentration: mental performance or human performance)
Music
Master of Music (MM) in Composition, Conducting, or Performance
Occupational Therapy
Professional Entry-Level Master of Science (MS) in Occupational Therapy or Occupational Therapy Doctorate (OTD)
Physical Therapy
Doctor of Physical Therapy (DPT) in Physical Therapy
Physician Assistant Studies
Master of Science (MS) in Physician Assistant Studies
Speech-Language Pathology
Master of Science (MS) in Speech-Language Pathology, with or without teaching certification
More about the Graduate Experience at Ithaca College
Graduate Degrees
Apply to the graduate degree program that best fits your academic and professional goals.
Research and Applied Learning
Pursue research interests or apply your craft in internships, fieldwork, or clinical placements.
Graduate Faculty
Work side by side with graduate faculty who are experts in your chosen field.
Campus Security
The Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act) is a federal consumer protection law, enforced by the Department of Education’s Financial Aid Division. As required by the Clery Act, Ithaca College publishes and distributes the Annual Security and Fire Safety Report by October 1st of each year. The report contains information regarding campus safety and security including topics such as: campus law enforcement authority; crime reporting policies; campus alerts (Public Safety Alerts and Emergency Notifications); fire safety policies and procedures; programs to prevent dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault and stalking; the procedures the College will follow when one of these crimes is reported; and other matters of importance related to security on campus.
If you would like to receive a paper copy of the Annual Security & Fire Safety Report, you can stop by the Office of Public Safety and Emergency Management or you can request that a copy be mailed to you by calling 607-274-3333 or emailing
publicsafety@ithaca.edu
.
View the Report Now
Application or Admission Questions?
Office of Admission
Monday–Friday
8:30 a.m.–5:00 p.m. (ET)
admission@ithaca.edu
(607) 274-3124