URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/admission/undergraduate-admission/transfer-students
TITLE: Transfer Students | Ithaca College

Your Path Is Personal
Wherever you are in your academic and professional journey, we’re glad you found our bold and friendly community. Find information on how to visit and apply as a transfer student. Explore ways you can work closely with faculty, study abroad, and intern at major companies. We help you move forward on your path.
Imagine yourself making progress on your path with your people — your cohort — at IC.
Imagine yourself making progress on your path with your people — your cohort — at IC.
We welcome transfer students to IC!
You are eligible to apply to IC as a transfer student if:
You received a high school diploma (or its equivalent); and
You subsequently earned nine or more college credits or enrolled full time at another college.
“Transferring to Ithaca was definitely the right choice for me. I’ve met so many incredible people who make me feel right at home. IC has opened so many doors for me through my major. I get so many hands-on experiences throughout the year that help me improve my skills and showcase them in a way that makes me proud.”
Kat Ali ’24
What to Know before You Apply
Transfer applicants may apply for either fall or spring admission to IC. Application review is based on applicants' college and high school academic records. Learn more about
supporting documentation requirements for transfer applicants
.
Ready to apply?
Log in to Common App
Transfer Application Deadlines
Application Type
Application Deadline
Latest Notification Date
Enrollment Confirmation Deadline
Spring Admission
November 1 (priority consideration)
December 15
Rolling
Fall Admission
Still accepting applications
April 15
May 1
Meet Quinten—a first-generation graduate who transferred to IC from a community college.
Previous Slide
Next Slide
Quinten Hernandez
The Art of Authenticity
Quinten Hernandez ’21 discovered the power of authenticity as an IC student and staff member.
Read On
Your Transfer Credit
Transfer credit is typically awarded for college-level courses taken at a regionally accredited college or university, provided a grade of C- or better was earned. Each course is evaluated individually, and Ithaca College reserves the right to not award transfer credit for courses deemed unacceptable.
Additional details about transfer credit and articulation agreements are available on the
Office of the Registrar website
.
Financial Aid and Scholarships for Transfer Students
Transfer applicants are considered for scholarships (including the Phi Theta Kappa Transfer Scholarship; see below) and may also apply for
federal and institutional financial aid
.
Applicants for fall entry who are U.S. citizens and permanent residents must submit the
FAFSA
to apply for federal and institutional financial aid.
International applicants for fall entry must submit the Ithaca College Financial Aid Application (available in IC Connect after you submit your Common App for admission consideration).
Phi Theta Kappa Transfer Scholarships
An unlimited number of renewable $2,000 per year Phi Theta Kappa Transfer Scholarships are available. Eligible students are automatically considered during the admission application review process; no additional scholarship application is required.
Requirements
Membership in the Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society
Minimum cumulative 3.5 GPA
High school diploma (at the time of application)
Full-time enrollment
Part-time students are not eligible.
Join a Vibrant Learning Community
You'll be able to connect with other transfer students right away in our
transfer Residential Learning Community (RLC)
in a living space dedicated to students who are new to Ithaca College. Or, if you prefer, you can also choose from a number of other campus housing opportunities. Either way, you'll be welcomed and supported here.
Questions? Contact us!
Office of Admission
Peggy Ryan Williams Center, 1st Floor
953 Danby Road • Ithaca, NY 14850-7020
admission@ithaca.edu
(607) 274-3124