URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/admission/visit-ithaca-college
TITLE: Visit Ithaca College | Ithaca College

We Have a Feeling You’ll Like It Here
There’s no better way to experience the power of Ithaca College’s eclectic and energized community than to visit campus in person. Wear your most comfortable walking shoes, or join us for a virtual visit. See for yourself whether we’re the campus community you’re hoping to join.
Plan Your Visit Today
Choose the visit format that reflects your schedule, your interests, and your curiosity. Whatever you choose, you’ll have time to ask us questions!
Campus Visits
Take a student-led campus tour and attend an info session. Optional: tour one (or more) of our 5 schools, and sit in on a class!
Open Houses
Meet IC students, faculty, and staff; tour campus; get tips on how to apply; and learn about scholarships and financial aid.
Virtual Experiences
Ask questions and meet us in a virtual info session; some focus on select academic programs, and some are topical Q&As.
Events Near You
We bring Ithaca to you—at high school visits, college fairs, special events, and virtual information sessions.
Admitted Student Engagement Opportunities
Visit Ithaca College as often as you can—on campus, online, or even in your area! Choose from a range of opportunities so you get all the information you need to feel confident about whether Ithaca College is the right college for you. (We think it is!) We are so excited to welcome you to IC!
View Opportunities
Virtual Tour
Launch Interactive Tour
Spring 2026 Open House Dates
Monday, February 16
Saturday, April 25
Here's
what to expect at an IC open house
. We can't wait to welcome you to campus!
Get to Know Ithaca College
Picture yourself here — in our transformative community where the curious are empowered.
Find Your Admission Counselor
Our helpful admission counselors are experts in serving students from your region. Ask us questions during a video or phone chat!
Explore Campus
Use our map to get information about academic buildings, athletic facilities, dining spots, and more—and take a self-guided tour.
About Ithaca, New York
Nestled in the Finger Lakes region of central NY, Ithaca is surrounded by natural beauty and revels in vibrant seasonal festivals.
Aerial Ithaca College Tour
One of our favorite ways to get to know the IC campus: a bird’s-eye view of where you’ll learn, eat, sleep, play, chill, vibe, and explore.
Tour Residence Halls and Apartments on Campus
Your living experience is a huge part of college, so be sure to check out this thorough look at the comforts (and nitty-gritty details) of life on IC’s campus.
Close Video
Why Ithaca Is a Top-Ranked College Town
Accompany current IC student Jaye around the best places to dine, shop, play, adventure, and relax in our vibrant city.
Close Video
You’ve Visited IC
It’s time to take the next step.
Request Info
Discover
Apply
Contact the Admission Office
Monday–Friday 8:30 a.m.–5:00 p.m. ET
admission@ithaca.edu
(607) 274-3124