URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/business/undergraduate/admissions
TITLE: School of Business | Ithaca College

Where Business Gets Real, Fast
Give us the leaders and the founders, spreadsheet builders, finance visionaries who see opportunity early, nonconformists who lead thriving teams, marketing empaths who turn data into insight, and fan experience designers who electrify stadiums. Here, you’ll discover what fires you up and how to turn it into a career that thrives in a fast‑changing world. And with alumni who open doors, you won’t build your future alone.
Programs
Explore business majors, exploratory pathways for undecided students, and grad programs that build skills, boost momentum, and open doors.
Majors and Minors
Choose from business majors and minors that give you early experience, expert mentorship, and the skills to make an impact in any industry.
Business Pathways Program
Not sure which business major fits yet? Business Pathways lets you explore different business majors, gain real experience, and discover where you want to lead.
Graduate Programs
Move your career forward with graduate business programs that build on your passions, strengthen your leadership skills, and expand your professional network.
Learn about the School of Business
Dive into business from day one with applied business courses, investment experience, internships, and Demo Day—our crowd‑favorite pitch competition for emerging student entrepreneurs.
About Us
We help launch the next generation of creative, boundary-pushing, future-shaping business professionals—guided by a legacy that blends artistry, entrepreneurship, and real-world business experience.
Learn What Makes Us Different
Faculty and Staff
Our business faculty blend industry leadership with exceptional teaching—mentoring, coaching, challenging and championing students.
Faculty and Staff
97%
Complete Internships
Almost 100% of School of Business students complete at least one internship during their time at Ithaca College.
#2
Best Undergraduate Teaching in the North
U.S. News & World Report
ranked IC highly for our commitment to teaching undergraduate students in a high-quality manner
Top 5%
AACSB Accredited
Ithaca College is one of the Top 5% of business schools in the world that is AACSB accredited.
News from Our School
A Week at the Super Bowl
From Radio Row to Super Bowl Week operations, Ithaca College students step into professional roles at the biggest event in American sports.
What Does Accounting Have to Do With Carbon?
When it comes to sustainability and profitability, the answer is everything.
Small Team, Real Marketing
Inside the student-run team driving IC’s American Marketing Association chapter.
More School of Business News
SCHOOL OF BUSINESS DEAN'S OFFICE
3rd Floor, Park Center for Sustainable Enterprise
953 Danby Rd. • Ithaca, NY 14850
Visit the Student Services Team Desk in the Business School Dean's Suite, 10:00 AM to 5:00 PM with any questions or concerns. Ask a question, learn about resources, chat about life in the School of Business, and more!
To schedule a meeting with Associate Dean Dawn Kline or Academic Services Coordinator Katy Hall, visit the links below:
Dean Kline
Katy Hall
bizhelp@ithaca.edu
607-274-7901