URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/center-lgbt-education-outreach-services/prospective-students
TITLE: Prospective Students | Ithaca College

Why Ithaca College?
In 2022, Ithaca College was named one of the “Top 30 LGBT-Friendly Colleges and Universities” in the country whose policies, programs and practices are most friendly to LGBT students, by Campus Pride. We also made their “Top” lists 2012-2021. NerdScholar designated our LGBTQ initiatives “Most Innovative” in 2014, the same year BuzzFeed featured us in a story about the best schools for LGBTQ students. In 2012 we were named one of the Top 10 Most LGBT-Friendly college sports programs in the nation and one of the Top 10 Trans Friendly Colleges and Universities in the nation. Since 2010, Ithaca College has achieved the highest ranking – 5 stars—on the Campus Pride Index LGBT Friendly Campus Climate National Assessment Tool, and we’ve repeated that accomplishment each year since. In 2006 Ithaca College was named one of the Best 100 Campuses in the nation for LGBT Students by book The Advocate College Guide for LGBT Students. The City of Ithaca was also included on the top 10 list of places to live in the US for gay and lesbian people by The Advocate magazine, and in 2010 the Daily Beast named Ithaca # 14 of “America’s Top 20 Gayest Cities” using data derived from the US Census. According to 2010 US Census data, Tompkins County ranks among the top 20 counties in the nation with the highest percentage of gay and lesbian people reporting they lived in a same-sex partnership household.
As always, the best way to find out about the campus and community is to visit for yourself. Contact the Admission office to arrange a visit.
Plan A Visit
Online Resources
Financial Aid
Online listing of scholarships available to lesbian, gay, and bisexual students
FINAID.ORG
Campus Climate Index
The Campus Pride Index is a national benchmarking tool for colleges to create safer, more inclusive campus communities.
Campus Pride
College Choice
College Choice has resources for your college search, including student-centered college rankings and admissions advice
College Choice
Frequently Asked Questions
What’s it like for LGBT and allied students at Ithaca College? While there’s no easy way to adequately describe the campus climate at any college or university, we have addressed some questions you may have about what goes on at Ithaca College.
Expand All
Are sexual orientation and gender identity included in the non-discrimination policy?
Sexual orientation, gender identity, and gender expression are included in the college’s non discrimination policy. The City of Ithaca also prohibits discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity, and includes both in its hate crimes law too. Surrounding Tompkins County also includes sexual orientation and gender identity in its nondiscrimination law. The State of New York prohibits discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity in employment, public accommodation, education, housing, and credit.
Is there an active LGBT student organization?
There are a few! PRISM is a group that addresses topics related to sexual orientation, gender identity, and gender expression. Their goal "is to make Ithaca College a safe space for people for its LGBTQIA+ students and our allies through social and community building activities, discussions, as well as educational programming." Spectrum " is a discussion and activism-based club that focuses on issues within and regarding the LGBTQ+ community." In addition to these two groups we have a third organization for Asexual students in the process of being created right now. The groups welcome all who are interested, and are very active on campus. Students may also choose to be a part of Open Pages, our trans/nonbinary-themed residential living/learning community.
Are other campus offices supportive and inclusive of LGBTQ students and issues?
Other campus offices strive to be inclusive of the needs of LGBTQ students. For example, the Career Services office has developed resources addressing career search issues for LGBTQ
students, and the Chapel hosts an annual open house for LGBTQ and allied students. Several student groups have also gone above and beyond to reach out a hand to LGBTQ students not just on campus, but throughout the nation. Ithaca College’s a cappella groups Ithacappella, Premium Blend, and Voicestream recorded covers of Katy Perry’s Firework, and Lady Gaga’s Born This Way and decided to donate all proceeds to the Trevor Project, the national 24-hour, toll free confidential suicide hotline for LGBTQ youth. They’re both available on iTunes - great songs for a great cause! And in 2010, the student station managers of Ithaca College's television and radio stations organized a video shoot to publicize the Trevor Project and the "It Gets Better"
project. The response to their call for participants was so overwhelming that they created four different It Gets Better videos – find them on YouTube or itgetsbetter.org, or on the LGBT Center website.
What activities are sponsored on campus for LGBTQ students?
Learning, leadership, and social opportunities on LGBTQ themes take place throughout the year. The Center for LGBT Education, Outreach & Services coordinates speakers, films, and other events, and provides a multipurpose LGBTQ Resource Room. The Center also recognizes LGBTQ and allied graduates each year at a unique Rainbow Reception ceremony. There’s always Pride Prom, too!
Are LGBTQ sensitive counseling services available?
The staff in the Center for Counseling and Psychological Services are very supportive. They also periodically provide specific programs and services for LGBTQ and questioning students, such as coming out groups and stress-management workshops for LGBTQ and allied students.
Are supportive faculty and staff easily identifiable?
There is an active Safe Place project on campus that involves the public display of signs along with resources available to support LGBTQ students. A directory of some of the out and proud LGBTQ and allied faculty and staff is also available on the LGBTQ Center website. Many of our out and proud LGBTQA+ staff and faculty sport rainbow colored Ithaca College lapel pins - especially at college open houses and special events -  to help you find them easily!
What about transgender students?
Designate your chosen (preferred) name on college records, request housing that meets your specific needs, find a map of gender friendly restrooms, learn how to legally change your name or gender marker on identity documents, get prescription coverage for hormone therapy — we even have a specialized Voice and Communication Modification Program offered by our campus Speech Pathology program. All this and more are in place to serve transgender students. Find out more on the Transgender Resources section of the LGBT Center website.
Contact Us!
You can call, email, or
schedule an appointment
with our director!
lgbt@ithaca.edu
607-274-7394