URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/human-resources/prospective-faculty-staff
TITLE: Prospective Faculty & Staff | Ithaca College

Ready to launch!
Join an innovative educational community, where faculty and staff learn, thrive, and collaborate. IC will make you ready to take your career to new heights, giving you the chance to create your own path to success while you contribute to growing the minds of future generations.
Search Employment Opportunities
External Applicants
Join our team of Faculty and Staff who prepare students for an ever-evolving world.
Internal Applicants
Current Employees can search job postings directly in the Opportunity Marketplace in IC HR Cloud.
A Welcoming Community
Located in one of America’s top college towns, IC boasts a lively and sophisticated residential community that takes full advantage of its stunning natural backdrop—lake, waterfalls, and gorges—and a local community rich in arts and culture.
Explore
our mission and vision, rankings, campus and more learn about
Ithaca and the Finger Lakes region
.
Rewards of Working at Ithaca College
As an employee at Ithaca College, you’ll get much more than a
competitive salary and the traditional advantages
. We pride ourselves on providing our employees with the most
comprehensive benefits
possible.
Beyond benefits, you’ll enjoy the kind of uniquely rewarding work environment that can only be found in a vibrant college community. We encourage and contribute to the
personal and professional development
of our faculty and staff. We understand that it’s the people who work here that make Ithaca College special, and we strive to be an employer of choice in our region.
Comprehensive Benefits
IC offers comprehensive benefits, programs, and services to meet the diverse needs of employees and their families.
Explore Benefits
Diverse Community
At Ithaca, we strive to be an inclusive and welcoming community of people with diverse talents and backgrounds.
Learn More
Sustainable Campus
The college commits to the environment and has become a leader in sustainable practices on campus.
Find Out More
Development Opportunities
Ithaca College promotes a culture of excellence and aims to continuously enhance and develop our faculty and staff.
View Trainings
Clery Act Notification
The Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act) is a federal consumer protection law, enforced by the Department of Education’s Financial Aid Division. As required by the Clery Act, Ithaca College publishes and distributes the Annual Security and Fire Safety Report by October 1st of each year. The report contains information regarding campus safety and security including topics such as: campus law enforcement authority; crime reporting policies; campus alerts (Public Safety Alerts and Emergency Notifications); fire safety policies and procedures; programs to prevent dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault and stalking; the procedures the College will follow when one of these crimes is reported; and other matters of importance related to security on campus. The report also contains information about crime statistics for the three most recent calendar years concerning reported crimes that occurred on campus; in on-campus student housing facilities; in non-campus buildings or property owned or controlled by the College; and on public property within, or immediately adjacent to and accessible from, the campus.  The report also contains fire statistics for any fires occurring in an on-campus student housing facilities during the three most recent calendar years.
The Annual Security & Fire Safety Report is available by accessing the following website:
https://www.ithaca.edu/public-safety-and-emergency-management/clery-act-compliance
.
If you would like to receive a paper copy of the Annual Security & Fire Safety Report, you can stop by the Office of Public Safety and Emergency Management or you can request that a copy be mailed to you by calling 607-274-3333 or emailing
publicsafety@ithaca.edu
.
Mandatory Workplace Notices
EEOC Know Your Rights
Non-Discrimination Statement
Family and Medical Leave Act
Employee Polygraph Protection Act
-
Please see
here
for all workplace notices