URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/tuition-financial-aid/undergraduate-financial-aid/applying-aid
TITLE: Applying for Aid | Ithaca College

How to Apply for Financial Aid as a New or Returning Undergraduate Student
Applicants will need to submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) to be considered for need-based financial aid. New York State residents must also submit the TAP application. International students will complete an aid application when they apply to IC.
Step 1: Fill out your aid application
To be considered for federal financial aid, students must complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) for the appropriate academic year.
Returning students will need to renew their FAFSA for each year that they wish to be considered for need-based financial aid.
Our FAFSA code is 002739.
Complete the FAFSA online
International students will be prompted to complete the Ithaca College Financial Aid Application through IC Connect when they apply. We do not accept the CSS Profile or the ISFAA.
Read more about aid for international students.
Application Type
Priority Filing Deadline
Spring
November 1st
Early Decision
November 1st
Early Action
December 1st
Regular Decision
February 1st
Step 2:  Apply for New York State's Tuition Assistance Program (TAP)
This only applies to New York State residents, including those covered under the DREAM Act.
Complete the TAP on the Web application
.
The TAP on the Web application has space for only one school code. Our school code is 0330.
Learn more about TAP at the New York State Higher Education Services Corporation (HESC) website.
Step 3: Scholarship Information
There are a variety of scholarships that new students may apply for. Whether it be through Ithaca College or within your community, state, or across the nation, information about these scholarships may be found at the links below.
Scholarships for New Students
Outside Scholarship Search Tools
We have several tools available to help estimate your eligibility for institutional and federal aid.
Determine your estimated net price for Ithaca College based on merit and need
.
Determine your estimated SAI and federal aid eligibility
.