URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/tuition-financial-aid/undergraduate-financial-aid
TITLE: Undergraduate Financial Aid | Ithaca College

Financial Aid That Works for You
We offer you the maximum aid you qualify for. Learn more and submit your FAFSA to get the aid you deserve.
Net Price Calculator
This calculator can help you explore your eligibility for academic scholarships and need-based financial assistance at Ithaca College. Please remember that any award information provided is an
estimate
, and the accuracy of that estimate is contingent upon the information you provide.
Net Price Calculator
Financial Aid 101
Learn the basics of what you need to know
Determining Your Need
Your financial need is the difference between what it costs to attend Ithaca and what you are expected to pay. Learn how each of those costs breaks down.
Learn More
Types of Aid
Ithaca College participates in a wide variety of aid programs designed to meet the needs of most students. All applicants and continuing students are eligible to apply for aid programs that are available as scholarships, grants, loans, and work.
Explore Options
Applying for Aid
Applying for financial aid is easy. To be considered for all types of aid, you must complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) each year. There are a few additional requirements for new students, graduate students, and New York State residents.
Get Started
Award Notification
Applied for aid? Here’s what to expect after you complete the FAFSA. If you have been accepted to Ithaca College and everything in your financial aid application is complete, we will begin work on your financial aid award package. When your financial aid package is complete, you'll receive an email inviting you to log in to IC Connect to review it.
Learn More
Connect with Student Financial Services
Your financial need is the difference between what it costs to attend Ithaca and what you are expected to pay.
Ithaca College participates in a wide variety of aid programs designed to meet the needs of most students. All applicants and continuing students are eligible to apply for aid in the form of scholarships, grants, loans, and work study.
To be considered for all types of aid, you must complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) each year. There are a few additional requirements for new students, graduate students, and New York State residents.
Tuition, Fees, Billing, and Payments
Tuition & Fees
Learn more about undergraduate tuition and fees. Costs vary by program.
Billing & Payments
Guidance on understanding your bill and paying your tuition and fees.
Message to Parents
A few things you should know about your student’s financial responsibilities.