URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/tuition-financial-aid
TITLE: Tuition & Financial Aid | Ithaca College

Welcome to Student Financial Services!
Investing in your college education involves important conversations, significant decisions, and, yes, some math—all framed by the Ithaca Commitment. We’re here to help you make progress on every front, from determining final costs to navigating financial aid applications. We are also dedicated to providing a simplified and transparent financial aid process—including a four-year financial forecast so you can plan ahead.
Announcements
Important changes to Federal Student Loans can be found
here
.
Please visit our
How To
section for answers to many common questions.
Undergraduate Tuition and Fees
Get specifics on the 2025–2026 estimated cost of attending Ithaca College.
Learn More
Ithaca Commitment
No surprises. No secrets. No stress. Know the
full cost of your next four years
—from day one.  At IC we want to make figuring out how much your education will cost a little easier.
More About Our Commitment to You
Financial Aid
Ithaca College welcomes and empowers bold thinkers and difference-makers. Our team and resources will help you understand IC’s tuition and fees, apply for aid, browse scholarships, pay your bill, and more!
For Undergraduate Students
Our net price calculator and tools to help you start applying for financial aid can help you determine how your family’s financial situation can work with an IC education.
For Graduate Students
When you invest in your career by earning your graduate degree at Ithaca College, you can also apply for program-specific scholarships and financial aid opportunities.
Billing & Payments
Access and Understand Your Bill
Learn how often billing statements are created, how you will be notified of a new statement, where to find your bill, & how to pay it.
Pay Your Bill
Students and supporters can make payments through our online billing system.
Billing and Payment Deadlines
Learn more about financial aid and billing-related deadlines.
$34,079
per student
The average offer of grants and scholarships per student.
$215M
Overall
Awards were made in grants, scholarships, loans, and work-study to IC students last year.
Contact Us
Phone Hours
: Monday - Friday 10:00am – 4:00pm ET
Walk-in Hours
: Monday/Wednesday 10am - 5pm, Tuesday/Thursday/Friday 8:30am - 5pm ET
We are located on the first floor of the Peggy Ryan Williams Center
Schedule an appointment here
Secure Online Document Submission
Please include the student's name and/or student ID number in emails, and be prepared to provide them when calling our office for ease of communication.
sfs@ithaca.edu
(607) 274-3131