URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/tuition-financial-aid/ithaca-commitment/four-year-financial-forecast
TITLE: Four-Year Financial Forecast | Ithaca College

No surprises. No secrets. No stress.
Know the full cost of your next four years—from day one.
Between campus visits, mulling over a major, and preparing to leave home, figuring out how much your education will cost is an extra stress that you and your family shouldn’t have to worry about.
Ithaca College sees you—and we want to make that part a little easier.
What is the Four-Year Financial Forecast?
At many colleges and universities, a student’s direct costs (tuition, fees, room, and board) commonly increase by different amounts from year to year. This makes it hard to project what the total cost of an education will be when deciding where to attend. As a student entering IC for the 2026-27 academic year,
we guarantee that your direct costs will not increase more than 3.9 percent each year for four years.
Our Four-Year Financial Forecast provides you with the estimated cost of your IC education before you enroll. The Four-Year Financial Forecast is part of the Ithaca Commitment, a combination of proactive approaches we are taking to support students and their families throughout their entire IC experience.
IC's Four-Year Financial Forecast not only tells you what you and your family can expect to spend on your education, but it also gives you the guarantee—and the peace of mind—that your direct costs will increase no more than the stated max cap each year. This helps keep your focus on your future, not your finances.
Other components of the Ithaca Commitment include eliminating the need to submit the College Scholarship Service (CSS) Profile for financial aid; offering a free one-credit IC Advantage virtual summer course to all incoming students and reducing the cost of summer and winter session courses.
Personalized Appointments
After you receive your financial aid package, you're invited to schedule a personalized follow-up appointment with a Student Financial Services expert so you can be sure that you understand your costs and so we can answer any questions you may have. Our goal is for you and your family to feel supported, prepared, and financially confident as you begin your collegiate journey.