URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/tuition-financial-aid/ithaca-commitment
TITLE: Ithaca Commitment | Ithaca College

Committed to You
The Ithaca Commitment comprises four key components that empower all incoming undergraduate students and their families to choose IC with confidence and support.
1. Streamlined Financial Aid Application Process
We’ve done our best to make the financial aid process at IC simple and easy to understand.
If you are a U.S. citizen or eligible noncitizen, submit the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
.
If you are not a U.S. citizen. complete the
Ithaca College Financial Aid Application
in IC Connect. (You'll be provided with log-in credentials to IC Connect after you submit your admission application to Ithaca College via Common App.)
That's all you need to do to qualify for the maximum amount of financial aid for which you're eligible!
Note: If you do not intend to apply for financial aid, please communicate that to us in IC Connect after you submit your admission application to Ithaca College via Common App.
2. Four-Year Financial Forecast
If you are a prospective undergraduate student who is offered admission to Ithaca College and you apply for financial aid (or confirm in IC Connect that you do not intend to), IC will provide you and your family with a personalized
Four-Year Financial Forecast
—a clear, detailed, four-year overview of your expected college costs and financial aid. You will be notified via email when your personalized Four-Year Financial Forecast is viewable in IC Connect.
3. 1:1 Financial Aid Appointments
Admitted undergraduate students and their supporters are then invited to schedule an individual appointment with IC’s financial aid experts so you can discuss the best options for financing your IC education and get answers to any questions you may have.
4. IC Advantage Courses
If you choose to enroll at Ithaca College for your undergraduate degree, you will be eligible to take one free one-credit
IC Advantage online course
during the summer before your first semester at IC. You'll also be eligible to take up to two additional one-credit courses for only $160 each. In addition to earning one credit toward graduation and mastering course content in a topic of interest to you, you will become familiar with IC’s academic expectations and form friendships with professors and other incoming IC students.
Financing Your Education
Through scholarships, scholar programs, grants, work study, student employment, or any combination of these, you and Ithaca College together can invest in your future by financing your IC education.
$215M
Overall
Awards were made in grants, scholarships, loans, and work-study to IC students last year.
$34,079
per student
The average offer of grants and scholarships per student.
Additional Resources
Net Price Calculator
Federal Student Aid Estimator
Undergraduate Costs and Financial Aid
Financing Opportunities
Message to Families and Supporters
Questions? Contact us anytime!
Phone hours
: Monday - Friday 10:00 a.m.–4:00 p.m. EST
Walk-in Hours
: Monday & Wednesday 10:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m.;
Tuesday - Friday 8:30 a.m.–5:00 p.m.
The Office of Student Financial Services is located on the first floor of the Peggy Ryan Williams Center.
sfs@ithaca.edu
607-274-3131