URL: https://www.ithaca.edu/tuition-financial-aid/undergraduate-financial-aid/types-financial-aid/grants
TITLE: Grants | Ithaca College

Grants
Grants are financial aid awards given based on certain eligibility criteria. They are not loans and do not need to be paid back after graduation.
Federal Grants
Expand All
Pell Grant
Pell Grants are awarded to undergraduate students with exceptional need, based on information provided on the FAFSA.
Starting in the 2024-25 academic year, students with families making less than 175% or single parents making less than 225% of the federal poverty level will receive a maximum Federal Pell Grant award. Minimum Pell Grants will be guaranteed to students from households below 275%, 325%, 350%, or 400% of the poverty level, depending on household structure. Pell awards between the maximum and minimum amounts will be determined by SAI.
Read more about Pell Grants here
Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant (FSEOG)
FSEOG is awarded to undergraduate students according to demonstrated financial need, as determined by the FAFSA.
Read more about FSEOG here
Ithaca College Grants
Expand All
Ithaca Sibling Grant
This non-need-based grant is awarded to undergraduate students who have a concurrently enrolled brother or sister at Ithaca College. The award amount is $1,000 per year. Full-time enrollment is required.
Ithaca Heritage Grant
This award is provided to children of Ithaca College alumni. Proof of alumni relationship must be provided to the Office of Student Financial Services upon request. The award amount is $1,000 per year. Full-time enrollment is required.
Ithaca College Grant
This grant is awarded according to demonstrated merit and financial need. Full-time enrollment is required and domestic students must file the FAFSA application annually to be considered. International students must complete an international aid application when applying to the school to be considered.
W.G. Egbert Grant
This grant is awarded to select students based on financial need as determined by SFS using the FAFSA. Full time enrollment is required and domestic students must file the FAFSA application annually to be considered.
New York State Grants
Expand All
New York State Tuition Assistance Program (TAP)
The Tuition Assistance Program (TAP) is New York’s largest grant program. New York residents, including students covered under the DREAM Act, attending Ithaca College may be eligible for TAP grants, which are based on the applicant’s and their family’s New York State taxable income. An application is required each academic year in order to be considered.
Learn more and apply for TAP here
Ithaca-New York State HEOP Grant
The Ithaca College-New York State Higher Education Opportunity Program (HEOP) provides need-based grants to students who have been accepted to the College under New York State HEOP program guidelines. Students' academic records and family income levels must fit criteria set by New York State.
Ithaca College’s
Office of Access, Opportunity & Achievement
administers the HEOP program on campus and provides all appropriate resources to prospective HEOP students and current Ithaca College HEOP students.