URL: https://business.providence.edu/pcsb-first-year-experience
TITLE: All you need to know as a new PC Business student

PC Business First Year Requirements
Welcome to the Providence College School of Business! While starting your academic career at a new college is exciting, it can also be a little overwhelming. Our goal is to make your transition successful.
PC Business First Year Experience
To help guide students, PC Business created a First Year Experience program designed to foster student learning and build upon business and liberal arts coursework. Additionally, the program provides students with opportunities to develop a meaningful college experience that supports life after graduation. The first year experience complements classroom engagement by providing students with opportunities to learn about careers, network with alumni and industry leaders, acquire essential business skills needed to be successful.
MINIMUM MATH PROFICIENCY
All business students are required to demonstrate proficiency in finite mathematics through successful completion of MTH 108 Mathematics for Business Analysis II (minimum requirement for business majors); or, MTH 109, MTH 131, or MTH 132. These math requirements are to be used as a guide for students and advisors to determine, with math placement scores, the appropriate math course.
WORKING TOGETHER ACROSS DIFFERENCES WORKSHOPS
Working Together Across Differences Workshops information coming soon.
PC BUSINESS ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS
All first year business majors (accountancy, finance, management, or marketing) will be required to have at least a 2.5 cumulative overall GPA at the completion of two semesters of academic work at PC to continue as a business major. GPA reviews will take place at the end of each semester during the first two semesters of coursework only. Additional admissions information can be found
here
.
REMINDER: Students are required to complete both the 2.5 overall GPA requirement, and the FLIP requirement, to continue as a business major for their second year. If students are not making adequate progress toward completing these requirements, a warning letter/email will be sent. In the summer following the first year, students will be changed to undeclared status and removed from their business majors if the above requirements are not met by the end of the first year.
Curriculum
Majors & Minors
Pathways & Career Tracks
First Year Requirements
FRIAR LEADERSHIP & IMMERSION PROGRAM – FIRST YEAR EXPERIENCE (FLIP-FYE)
The FLIP program in the school of business is designed to expose first year business students to campus activities, networking events, guest speakers, and more. Through these events and experiences, students learn about campus resources, are exposed to careers and industries, and develop business skills. The school of business in collaboration with campus partners will offer opportunities, through events and activities, for students to accumulate FLIP points and career competencies and levels by attending campus events.
To complete the FLIP program requirements, students must earn two badges:
Business Exploration Badge Requirements
250 FLIP Points
Complete two career pathway exploration activities
Cultural Agility Badge Requirements
Attend:
Working Together Across Differences Workshop
One additional cultural agility workshop
Students must complete these requirements by the end of their first year as a business major to remain in the school of business.
Additional information on
FLIP
will be shared at fall orientation and through the first year advising workshops or courses.
FIRST YEAR HELPFUL LINKS
Math Requirements
First Year Advising
School of Business Laptop Recommendations
School of Business
Office Hours:
Academic Year: Monday – Friday 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Summer: Monday – Thursday  8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m
Friday 8:30 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
Ryan Center for Business Studies 135
401.865.2332
pcsb@providence.edu
School of Business’s facebook
School of Business’s instagram
School of Business’s linkedin