URL: https://business.providence.edu/undergraduate/ug-registration
TITLE: Registration | PC Business | Providence College

Registration
PC Business Registration Policies & Procedures
School of Business majors (ACC, FIN, MGT, and MKT) will register for all their courses including business courses during their class year registration day.
There will be no separate day for business majors to pre-register for business courses.
Please note there will still be a separate registration day for DWC.
NEW BUSINESS COURSE CODING
Some business courses will have letter coding associated with certain sections to designate which student group can register for that section. If you are not in the designated group, you will not be able to register for that section. There will be corresponding restrictions listed with the coded sections in CyberFriar.
You must carefully look for course coding and restrictions when searching for business classes.
“M” code
Subject majors only section (majors cannot register for non-major sections)
Example: FIN 218
M01
declared Fin majors only section
“C” code
Minors only section (minors cannot register for majors only sections)
Example: FIN 218
C07
declared FIN minors only section
“Q” code
Finance Quantitative Track students only (FINq)
Example: FIN 218
Q11
FINq student only section
FALL 2026 REGISTRATION
DATES
April 8
DWC Pre-registration
Sophomores, Juniors, and Seniors 7:30AM – 11:59 PM
First-year students
7:45AM – 11:59PM
April 13
May 2027 Grads
& December 2026 Grads
7:30AM
April 14
May 2028 Grads & December 2027 Grads
7:30AM
April 15
May 2029 & December 2028 Grads
7:30AM
Fall 2025 Registration Tutorial
Steps to prepare for business preregistration
:
Read emails from the School of Business carefully for updates and reminders.
Select courses and alternate courses from the CyberFriar searchable schedule and use College Scheduler to plan course schedule.
Contact your academic advisor to schedule an appointment to review course selection and obtain an altPIN. View
How to Prepare for Advising Appointment
.
Check course prerequisites/restrictions
carefully and have alternative schedule configurations in mind in the event that sections are closed.
Check for any account registration holds continually prior to registration. Holds can be viewed through the Advising Gateway. If there are any account holds, work to get them resolved as soon as possible as some holds may take two weeks or longer to clear. Please note the School of Business and/or your academic advisor cannot remove holds or register you for classes.
Make sure to be able to access CyberFriar well in advance of the registration period in case of issues with firewalls, security, etc.
In case of error messages during preregistration, refer to the
Office of the Registrar errors website
for definitions or contact the Office of the Registrar.
Registration Tips:
Reminder: PC Business students must meet with their academic advisor to receive their altPIN.
Helpful registration tutorial videos can found and viewed on the
Office of the Registrar
website.
PC Business Exception Request Process for Closed Business Courses
The School of Business will ONLY accept exception request forms for business courses with all closed sections. Submission of an exception request form does not guarantee enrollment in the course.
Students should register for a complete schedule in the event their request is denied.
The School of Business reviews all requests to assess the demand for business courses. Please note: Faculty cannot accept or grant over enrollment requests.
PC Business will accept exception request forms for 2 weeks after registration starts. Students will be notified via their PC email whether their request was approved or denied.
It is highly recommended that students register for a complete schedule in the event their request is denied.
Steps for submitting a
PC Business Course Exception Request form
:
Submit a separate form for each business course requested
Must be a junior or senior (first years & sophomores should utilize the CyberFriar online waitlists)
Waitlist for requested course on the CyberFriar online waitlist
Valid reasons for submitting a PC Business Course Exception Request form:
Need course that semester for graduation
Prerequisite issues that would delay graduation
Holds preventing registration
The School of Business reserves the right to deny submission of an exception request form if the request does not meet requirements.
Curriculum
Majors & Minors
Pathways & Career Tracks
First Year Requirements
Academic Advising Helpful Links
Registration
Declaring a Major or Minor
Transfer Credit Policy
School of Business
Office Hours:
Academic Year: Monday – Friday 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Summer: Monday – Thursday  8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m
Friday 8:30 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
Ryan Center for Business Studies 135
401.865.2332
pcsb@providence.edu
School of Business’s facebook
School of Business’s instagram
School of Business’s linkedin