URL: https://business.providence.edu/undergraduate/incoming-first-year-pcsb-students
TITLE: Info for New Students | PC Business | Providence College

Information for First-Year PC Business Students
Welcome to the Providence College School of Business! While starting your academic career at a new college is exciting, it can also be a little overwhelming. Our goal is to make your transition successful. Below you will find links to many useful resources and information that will help orient you and help prepare you for your first year at the Providence College School of Business.
We look forward to seeing you on campus! If you have any questions in advance of these sessions, please let us know by contacting the PC Business Undergraduate Office at
pcsb@providence.edu
or 401-865-2332.
curriculum
Learn more about the curriculum at PC & the School of Business.
Major Course Planning and Minors
Learn more about accountancy, finance, management, marketing & more.
First-year advising
Learn more about our First-Year Advising Program, Workshops & Courses.
first-year requirements
Learn more about the requirements for first-year PC Business students.
friar leadership & immersion program
Learn more about the Friar Leadership & Immersion Program (FLIP) and required participation during your first year at PC Business.
laptop recommendations
Learn more about specific laptop recommendations to set you up for success in all of your business classes.
clubs & organizations
Learn more about how you can get involved in business clubs and organizations.
career education & professional development
Learn more about how you can kickstart your professional development with the Chirico Career Center.
study abroad
Learn more about study abroad opportunities for business majors.
campus resources
Learn more about all of our helpful campus resources.
first-year newsletters
Learn more about our First-Year Newsletter which includes useful information to help you prepare for your first year in PC Business.
graduate business programs
Learn more about PC Business graduate programs and how you can plan to continue your education.
Curriculum
Majors & Minors
Pathways & Career Tracks
First Year Requirements
School of Business
Office Hours:
Academic Year: Monday – Friday 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Summer: Monday – Thursday  8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m
Friday 8:30 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
Ryan Center for Business Studies 135
401.865.2332
pcsb@providence.edu
School of Business’s facebook
School of Business’s instagram
School of Business’s linkedin