URL: https://business.providence.edu/undergraduate/ug-curriculum
TITLE: Curriculum | PC Business | Providence College

Curriculum
The PC Business curriculum consists of three main components:
Providence College core curriculum
,
core business requirements
, and
major-specific requirements
.
View the Providence College Undergraduate Catalog.
The catalog contains useful information including the academic calendar, degree requirements, course offerings, and academic policies and procedures.
Providence College Core Curriculum
At the very heart of the PC academic experience is the core curriculum. This intellectual journey through the disciplines highlights the breadth of a liberal arts education in the Catholic and Dominican traditions and provides you with the skills needed for life after PC — the ability to communicate clearly, to think more critically, and to value diversity.
The one-of-a-kind Development of Western Civilization program is central to PC’s core curriculum. This four-semester program is a team-taught, interdisciplinary expedition into history’s greatest minds and defining events. You’ll be challenged to listen, to think, and to speak. And, in the end, you’ll be prepared to make your own history.
PC core curriculum includes both
core foundational components
and
core proficiencies.
Core Foundational Components
Development of Western Civilization (16-20 credits)
Social Science (ECN 101 or 102) – 3 credits
Fine Arts – 3 credits
Theology (200 & 300 level) – 6 credits
Philosophy (1 Ethics) – 6 credits
Quantitative Reasoning (MTH 108 or higher) – 3 credits
Natural Science – 3 credits
Core Proficiencies
Core proficiencies may be fulfilled by business core and/or major-specific coursework. Please see the appropriate academic planning form that corresponds to your major and year of graduation.
Learn more about the PC core foundational components (requirements) and core proficiencies.
Intensive Writing I & II
Diversity
Oral Communication
Civic Engagement
Business Core Requirements
All business undergraduate majors share a common set of core courses. This allows students more flexibility to switch between business majors during their first two years and ensures that business graduates have a broad understanding of all major disciplines.
MGT 301 – Organizational Behavior
FIN 207 – Managerial Finance I
FIN 310 – Operations Management I
ACC 203/204 – Financial & Managerial Accounting
MTH 108 or higher – Mathematics for Business Analysis II
MGT 330 – Legal Environment of Business
FIN 113 – Data applications in Business
MKT 205 – Principles of Marketing
ECN 101/102 – Principles of Economics: Micro & Macro
MTH 217 – Introduction to Statistics
Major-Specific Requirements and Planning Sheet
Accountancy
Finance
Management
Marketing
Curriculum
Majors & Minors
Pathways & Career Tracks
First Year Requirements
School of Business
Office Hours:
Academic Year: Monday – Friday 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Summer: Monday – Thursday  8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m
Friday 8:30 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
Ryan Center for Business Studies 135
401.865.2332
pcsb@providence.edu
School of Business’s facebook
School of Business’s instagram
School of Business’s linkedin