URL: https://business.providence.edu/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate | PC Business | Providence College

Undergraduate
PC Business Undergraduate Programs
PC Business Means Opportunity
.
Do More. Start Here
.
PC Business students receive a well-rounded education that features real-world, experiential learning within a values-based academic program. In the classroom and beyond, our students apply business theory to solve practical problems.
Rooted in PC’s liberal arts foundation and Catholic, Dominican tradition, PC Business graduates think critically and make business decisions that balance the often conflicting demands of the marketplace, global environment, and society.
PC Business gives students the training, experience, and relationships needed to reach their goals.  students develop both in and out of the classroom with experiences like studying abroad, interning, and participating in business clubs, classes provide hands-on, real-world experience
Fast Facts
Four Academic Majors
1,861 Undergraduate Students
14 Business Student Clubs & Organizations
98% of 2023 Graduates Employed or Working Wihtin Six Months of Graduation
96% of Undergraduate Students Copleted One Internship/Career Approriate Experience
Avergae Starting Full-Time Salary: $65,545
AACSB Accredited
Accountancy
More Information
Accountancy is the study of the means used to communicate financial and economic information to decision-makers.
Finance
More Information
Our finance program exposes students to the traditional areas of study within the discipline of finance: corporate finance, investments, and financial institutions.
Management
More Information
There are leaders—and then there are leaders who graduated from PC.
Marketing
More Information
Marketing is an art and a science, and students in PC’s Department of Marketing are empowered to excel in both.
Curriculum
Curriculum
Majors & Minors
Pathways & Career Tracks
First Year Requirements
Chirico Career Center
School of Business
Office Hours:
Academic Year: Monday – Friday 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Summer: Monday – Thursday  8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m
Friday 8:30 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
Ryan Center for Business Studies 135
401.865.2332
pcsb@providence.edu
School of Business’s facebook
School of Business’s instagram
School of Business’s linkedin