URL: https://business.providence.edu/undergraduate/ug-resources-calendar
TITLE: Campus Resources | PC Business | Providence College

Campus Resources
Students are encouraged to contact the following PC offices for assistance.
Office of the Registrar
This office is responsible for maintaining academic records, implementing transfer credit and study abroad evaluation, and coordinating the registration needs for PC.
Student Success Center
The Student Success Center is the central hub for academic support. Whether you are a first-year student adjusting to college-level expectations or a senior working to produce a top-notch capstone project, the Center’s caring and capable peer tutors, academic coaches, and other full-time staff are here to help you reach your full potential.
Office of Academic Services
Housed in the Student Success Center, this office offers a variety of programs, including Academic Skills, Disability Support, Student-Athlete Services, Tutoring Center, and Writing Center. While some programs are tailored to the needs of specific groups, most services, including tutoring and academic mentoring, are available to all PC students.
Laptop Recommendations
All Providence College School of Business students should have a personal laptop for use in their classes. Minimum hardware and software recommendations are listed on this website.
Chirico Career Center
This center partners with all students to help them identify, enhance and accomplish their career development, internship, job search, and educational goals in their transition from college to career.
Office of Student Activities & Cultural Programming
This office provides support to over 100 clubs and organizations, designs and executes a robust and vibrant calendar of educational and social events, and cultivates a sense of school spirit and campus pride.  Whatever your curiosity or passion, PC’s student organizations provide opportunities to meet and make new friends, explore new interests, and develop leadership skills.
Center for Global Education
This center is PC’s hub for international activity, including the development and coordination of student opportunities abroad, services for international students and scholars, and programming directed toward the development of an internationalized campus.
Providence College Student Health Center
The Student Health Center provides
comprehensive and confidential physical and mental health services
for all full-time undergraduate students.  The Student Health Center also provides relevant health and wellness programming including screenings on nutrition, physical activity, alcohol and other drug use, tobacco, stress, and general wellness. All visits to the health center are free. There is a charge for any testing or referrals off campus, as well as prescriptions dispensed by the providers.
FLIP RESOURCES
Student Clubs & Organizations
Upcoming Events at PC Business
Campus Resources
Curriculum
Majors & Minors
Pathways & Career Tracks
First Year Requirements
School of Business
Office Hours:
Academic Year: Monday – Friday 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Summer: Monday – Thursday  8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m
Friday 8:30 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
Ryan Center for Business Studies 135
401.865.2332
pcsb@providence.edu
School of Business’s facebook
School of Business’s instagram
School of Business’s linkedin