URL: https://business.providence.edu/undergraduate/ug-advising-registration
TITLE: Advising & Registration | PCSB | Providence College

Advising & Registration
PC Business Academic Advising
The PC Business advising program provides academic advising services as well as program and policy PC Business employs a comprehensive advising model designed to ensure students comprehend program requirements, college academic policies, career exploration, and campus resources. Academic advising is characterized as a collaborative educational process whereby students and advisors partner to achieve essential learning outcomes, ensure academic success, and outline steps to attain personal, academic, and career objectives. This partnership necessitates active participation from both the advisor and student.
PC Business adopts a hybrid advising approach. First- and second-year students are assigned to professional advisors who specialize in facilitating the transition to college, academic programs, and exploring all offerings at PC Business. Junior and senior students then transition to faculty advisors who provide support during their upper-class experience and assist with career exploration.
The responsibilities of the academic advisor include:
Campus resources
Course selection and degree planning
College policies and procedures
Academic and leadership opportunities
Graduation requirements
Book An Advising Appointment
First and second year students are invited to schedule a meeting with advisor at any time throughout the year.
Book An Appointment
Curriculum
Majors & Minors
Pathways & Career Tracks
First Year Requirements
Chirico Career Center
Academic Advising Helpful Links
Registration
Declaring a Major or Minor
Transfer Credit Policy
School of Business
Office Hours:
Academic Year: Monday – Friday 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Summer: Monday – Thursday  8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m
Friday 8:30 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
Ryan Center for Business Studies 135
401.865.2332
pcsb@providence.edu
School of Business’s facebook
School of Business’s instagram
School of Business’s linkedin