URL: https://www.hult.edu/undergraduate/campus-life
TITLE: Hult Undergraduate Campuses

Our Global Campuses
At Hult, studying abroad isn’t an option
—
it's built right into your undergraduate program. Explore our campus locations, where you'll have some of the world's most exciting cities on your doorstep.
On this page:
Hult Boston
Hult London
Hult Dubai
Global Rotation
Clubs & Societies
Student Life
Live
and learn international business up close
If you’re going to develop skills for a global job market, you need on-the-ground global experience. Hult is where you'll get it.
Friendly, welcoming, and truly international, our centrally located home campuses put you at the heart of the action in some of the world's most influential hubs of business:
Boston
,
London
, and
Dubai
.
Hult Boston
Immerse yourself in Boston’s vibrant and diverse student community while studying business in a city equally renowned for academic excellence and a forward-thinking attitude.
Home campus
Summer Rotation campus
Explore Our Boston Campus
Hult London
Study business in a European capital of culture and commerce with a long-standing reputation as a global trendsetter.
Home campus
Summer Rotation campus
Explore Our London Campus
Hult Dubai
New for 2025, Hult's ultra-modern campus in Dubai Internet City is opening its doors to undergraduates, giving you the chance to study business at the crossroads of East and West.
Home campus
Summer Rotation campus
Explore Our Dubai Campus
Global Campus Rotation
Ready to really go global? You can choose to study across Hult's global locations as part of your degree to enhance your international experience.
We call this Campus Rotation, and it’s your chance to explore different cultures and expand your global network.
See How It Works
Request a campus tour
to see firsthand what sets the student experience at Hult apart.
Feed your passion: Campus clubs & societies
Are you a keen athlete? Love music? Want to try a new hobby?
Or just want to explore your new city with like-minded people? You can join one of the dozens of sports, professional, or social clubs on campus—or even start one of your own!
Recent campus clubs include:
Adventure
African Business
Basketball
Debate
Film
Football
Hult TEDx
Model United Nations
Music
Social Impact
Tea Chat
Undergraduate Investment
Voices of Hult
Women in Business
Read More About Hult Clubs
Diverse & dynamic student life
Tight-knit, welcoming, multicultural—these are just a few words to describe Hult campuses.
With dozens of active clubs and societies, an action-packed calendar of events, and world-class cities on your doorstep, there’s plenty of opportunity to get involved and make friendships that span oceans.
Curious to find out what Hult is really like? Follow us on social.
The Hult Student Association
The Hult Student Association (HSA) represents the views and opinions of the student community. They act as a bridge between staff and students when it comes to giving feedback, sharing concerns, or offering advice.
Curious what Hult is really like?
Find out from someone who knows us best.
Talk to a Student
Upcoming Hult events
Want to experience global student life for yourself? Join us at an event online or in person to get a feel for what it's really like to be an undergraduate at Hult.
IN-PERSON
Request a Campus Tour
Meet potential future classmates and professors as you get an insider’s view of Hult Boston, London, or Dubai.
ONLINE
Join a Virtual Open House
Explore campus without leaving home and go behind the scenes of the undergraduate student experience.
PHONE CALL
Talk to a Hult student
Who better to answer your questions than a current student? Book a call to chat about all things student life.
Apply to Hult
We’re looking for students who'll make an impact in the world. Our enrollment advisors are on hand to support you throughout our straightforward admissions process.
Start Your Application
Entry Requirements
Fees & Scholarships