URL: https://www.hult.edu/undergraduate/admissions/scholarships
TITLE: Scholarships for Undergraduate Students - BBA | Hult International Business School

Fees, Scholarships & Financial Aid
Learn about our tuition fees and why Hult offers merit scholarships to recognize the talent, potential, and value that incoming students bring—and need-based financial aid to ensure nothing stands in the way of your ambition.
On this page:
Program Fees
Scholarships & Financial Aid
Tuition and program fees
Billed Cost of Attendance for 2026 - 2027 ¹
Other estimated expenses
Notes
Your undergraduate education is undoubtedly one of the most important investments you'll ever make. The full cost of your degree will depend on where you study, how much you travel, and the extent of your living expenses.
Hult International Business School reserves the right to make changes in the courses offered, requirements for graduation, locations, program fees, and accommodation at any time without notice. Please ensure you have read and understood our
terms and conditions
, which you will be asked to accept at the point of submitting your application.
Merit-based scholarships
Hult students are known for their passion, drive, and determination. Every applicant—whether first-year, transfer, or international—is automatically considered for merit-based scholarships. No separate application is needed, and you'll be notified of any award at the time of admission.
Presidential Scholarship
One of Hult’s highest honors, the Presidential Scholarship is awarded to students who demonstrate an exceptional profile. Recipients embody the Hult DNA—curiosity, leadership, adaptability, and a global mindset—and set the standard for future impact.
Need-based financial aid
We’re committed to helping families with greater financial need make their Hult dream a reality. In addition to merit-based scholarships, all applicants may apply for need-based institutional aid, which is awarded based on demonstrated financial need. To be considered, applicants must provide a declaration of finance or—if eligible—submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).
Receiving your scholarship
If you're awarded any scholarship and wish to receive it, you must confirm your place no later than May 1, 2026. Otherwise, your allocated funds may be released to other students. These scholarships will be renewed each year provided you are a full-time student, are not placed on academic probation, and have no honor code violations.
Hult Sibling and Next Generation Scholarship
We understand that tuition costs can add up quickly—especially when more than one family member studies with us. To recognize and support this commitment, we offer family grants for students with siblings who are currently enrolled or have graduated from Hult, as well as for children of Hult alumni. These Sibling and Next Generation Scholarships make the Hult journey more accessible while celebrating the lasting bonds within our community.
Hult Scholar Grant
Our goal is to grant full tuition to up to 10% of our incoming undergraduate students. Hult Scholars are dynamic thinkers, high achievers, and influential leaders. They also embody the Hult DNA by being entrepreneurial, open-minded, and by learning by doing. Hult Scholars have exceptional academic accomplishments, require significant financial support to aid their education, and are nominated by their schools. If you believe you may qualify for the Hult Scholar Grant, please have your high school counselor reach out to a member of our enrollment team for more information.
US Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) and other financial aid programs
US citizens and eligible non-citizens who wish to study at Hult can complete the FAFSA in order to qualify for US government federal student aid. To complete or update your FAFSA, go to
www.fafsa.ed.gov
. Hult International Business School’s school code is 041432. Any student adding Hult to their FAFSA application should also complete
this release form
for consideration.
For more information regarding any need-based financial aid available, please speak to your enrollment advisor or email us at
financialaid@hult.edu.
Depending on where you are from, you may be eligible for national loan and grant opportunities from your home country. During the admissions process, we will work with you to identify any regional financial aid programs that you can take advantage of.
Use our
net price calculator
to understand the financial aid you may qualify for and an estimate of your costs.
What our students say
Hear about the application process from BBA student Zachary Benetatos and see
what it means to students to receive a scholarship to Hult from the 2025 Hult Scholar Grant recipients.
Apply to Hult
We’re looking for students who'll make an impact in the world. Our enrollment advisors are on hand to support you throughout our straightforward admissions process.
Start Your Application
Entry Requirements
Fees & Scholarships