URL: https://www.hult.edu/undergraduate/admissions
TITLE: Bachelor's Admissions and Fees | Hult International Business School

Undergraduate Admissions
Everything you need to know about applying to Hult, from admissions requirements to enrollment support—your journey starts here.
See Our Enrollment Team in Action
On this page:
Entry Requirements
Upcoming Deadlines
Personalized Enrollment Support
Entry requirements:
What we look for
We’re looking for students who aspire to make an impact—in their communities, their careers, and the world. The ideal candidates combine curiosity, passion, and drive, and are eager to challenge themselves, grow as leaders, and make a meaningful difference.
Apply Today
Next Application Deadline:
{{ugDeadline}}, 2026
Our enrollment advisors will be ready to support you throughout the process.
Start Your Application
How we assess applications
We want to understand who you are and what drives you. We review all information submitted with every application and take a holistic approach to assessing your suitability for the program, considering:
Academic achievements
Personal assessment interview
We know you're more than a test score
Motivation and mindset are as important to us as academic achievements. SAT/ACT scores are optional.
How to apply
Upcoming application deadlines
Start term: January 2027
Start term: September 2026
Transferring from another school?
If you’re a globally minded undergraduate student looking for a home to further develop your interests and talents, Hult may be the right place for you. We accept up to 60 transfer credits from courses similar to our undergraduate program.
Find out about transferring to Hult
Personalized enrollment support
You’ll have a dedicated enrollment advisor to guide you and your family through the entire application process. They’ll be on hand to give you personalized advice on program information, scholarships, campus locations, and how to ace your application.
You’ll also have a visa coordinator who’ll work closely with you to make sure any required visa documents are in order for you to study at your chosen campus.
My enrollment advisor supported me the whole way—helping me prepare everything, chatting to my parents—I felt at home before I’d even arrived.
Nour Abdelaziz
Egypt
Class of 2020
Fees, scholarships & financial support
Hult offers a range of merit-based scholarships that reward exceptional achievements and potential, both inside and outside the classroom.
We'll work closely with you to help you understand the funding options available.
Learn about fees & scholarships
Apply to Hult
We’re looking for students who'll make an impact in the world. Our enrollment advisors are on hand to support you throughout our straightforward admissions process.
Start Your Application
Entry Requirements
Fees & Scholarships