URL: https://www.hult.edu/undergraduate/london
TITLE: Bachelor's Degree in London, UK - BBA | Hult International Business School

Campuses
Meet Hult London
Come and feel the buzz of Hult House East. Our inspiring Aldgate East Campus puts you in London’s creative center, with housing right next door and a Zone 1 Tube station just a five-minute walk away.
Virtual Tour
Why study in London?
Hult’s undergraduate campus in London is walking distance from Europe's largest startup hub, Tech City, and in the heart of London's diverse creative center. Study business surrounded by the newest ideas and latest trends—from finance and tech to art and music.
CAMPUS HIGHLIGHTS:
Recently converted, historic London brewery bubbling with creativity
Flexible, collaborative learning zones with high-spec audiovisual facilities
16 breakout rooms for student collaboration and project work
Stunning roof terraces for when the London sun shines
Five-minute walk to a Zone 1 Tube station to get you around the city
Close to London’s world-renowned financial district: the City
Visit us in London
Our campuses in London and Boston are available for tours right now. And who better to answer all those burning questions than a current student? Come see where the action happens.
Request a Tour
Find your home in London
Living alongside students from around the world will be one of the defining experiences of your time at Hult. Our student accommodation options in London offer a safe, friendly home-away-from-home right next door to campus.
Explore London Student Housing
Build your network in London
You’re surrounded by opportunities in London, home to more international company HQs than any other European city. Find your people and your passion through Hult’s student clubs and societies and build your network with on- and off-campus career and networking events.
Example social clubs on campus
The Hult Podcast
Hult Football Club
Hult Rugby Club
Extravaganza Club
Hult Pride
The Creative Club
Example professional clubs on campus
Data Analytics
Model United Nations (MUN)
Management Consulting
Finance
Hult Marketing
Project Management
Diverse & dynamic student life
Tight-knit, welcoming, multicultural—these are just a few words to describe Hult campuses.
With dozens of active clubs and societies, an action-packed calendar of events, and world-class cities on your doorstep, there’s plenty of opportunity to get involved and make friendships that span oceans.
Curious to find out what Hult is really like? Follow us on social.
What our students say
Moving to a big city like London was a huge deal for me. But I had the best time—there’s something for everyone here.
Adrià Serrarols Soldevila
Spain
Class of 2020
Apply to Hult
We’re looking for students who'll make an impact in the world. Our enrollment advisors are on hand to support you throughout our straightforward admissions process.
Start Your Application
Entry Requirements
Fees & Scholarships