URL: https://www.hult.edu/undergraduate/student-support
TITLE: Student Support - Bachelor of Business Administration Degree - BBA | Hult International Business School

Student Support at Hult
From day one, you’ll have a full-circle support system of professionals and tools dedicated to helping you excel—on campus and in your future career.
On this page:
Support Network
Coaching
Business Portfolio
Visa Support
Career Outcomes
Discover your personalized support network
We know it’s a big step up from high school to business school. At Hult, we’re on hand to help you, every step of the way.
Meet the team 100% focused on your wellbeing and success:
On-campus counselors
From one-to-one sessions to wellbeing workshops, this team is on hand to help you navigate any challenges of student life abroad.
Group counselling
Wellbeing events
Sexual health, drugs & alcohol help
1-2-1 counselling
Corporate relations team
Our corporate relations team is your connection to top global employers ready to hire Hult talent.
Recruitment fairs
Networking events
Industry panels
Corporate partnerships
Career development advisors
This team is your go-to resource when it comes to getting job-ready—from polishing your CV to helping you land an internship.
1-2-1 career advising
Mock interviews
Personal branding  workshops
CV & LinkedIn profile optimization
Student success team
Student services are your hosts when you arrive at your new home at Hult, helping you settle into all things campus life.
Welcome to campus
Logistics (accommodation etc.)
Campus events
Clubs & societies
Student development coaches
These are the people holistically dedicated to your success at Hult and beyond, helping you leverage your strengths to excel.
Career exploration
Personal coaching
Online dashboard
Skills & mindsets
The Hult community
From professors to campus staff to your peers, the Hult community is like a family, offering friendship, mentorship, and global connections.
Hult Student Association
Faculty mentorship
Alumni panels
Coaching you to success
Forget student services teams that you never meet. Each student at Hult has a student development coach, dedicated to helping you become a confident student and job-ready professional.
Unlike traditional college advisors, we take a ‘whole student’ approach, helping students explore all the different dimensions of their lives—academic, relationships, physical and emotional health, and career goals.
Karen Guttentag
USA
Student Development Coach
Your skills & mindsets online dashboard
Throughout your program, your progress and skills development will be tracked through a personalized online dashboard. Your coach will work closely with you to help you understand your assessments and build on your strengths.
Expert guidance from Hult careers development coaches
Workshops: personal branding, networking, mock interviews
1-2-1 career advising
LinkedIn profile optimization and resume reviews
Advice and support on finding internships
Graduate with a real business portfolio
All of your relevant experience and achievements will be captured in an online business portfolio, providing concrete examples of your expertise to share with future employers.
Everything from project management planning, a TEDx talk, or a digital marketing campaign can be added here to showcase tangible outcomes of your degree.
Post-study work visa support
Our expert teams know exactly what international students need to do to get themselves in the best possible position to secure work authorization after graduation.
61
%
of Hult graduates are working in a different country than their country of origin
Learn More About Work Visas
Career outcomes and success stories
Equipped with the skills from their degree, Hult graduates have gained a reputation for being globally minded, collaborative, critical thinkers unafraid to take risks.
This explains why they’re hired quickly.
156
companies across 26 countries hired Hult grads
96
%
of graduates are employed or continuing education within 6 months
Apply to Hult
We’re looking for students who'll make an impact in the world. Our enrollment advisors are on hand to support you throughout our straightforward admissions process.
Start Your Application
Entry Requirements
Fees & Scholarships