URL: https://www.hult.edu/undergraduate/boston
TITLE: Bachelor's Degree in Boston, USA - BBA

Campuses
Meet Hult Boston
Welcome to Boston, a city that’s been home to some of the world’s most influential thinkers and institutions. Hult’s flagship campus on the banks of the Charles River puts you in the heart of this intellectual hub, with modern student housing options right on site.
Virtual Tour
Why study in Boston?
Sports fans, history buffs, music and outdoor enthusiasts all feel at home here in Boston, where bright young minds come together from all over the world to collaborate and innovate.
CAMPUS HIGHLIGHTS:
Located in the heart of Cambridge on the banks of the Charles River
Minutes from innovation hotspot Kendall Square, historic Beacon Hill, and transport links to the whole city
Award-winning campus design
On-site restaurant and social spaces backing onto North Point Park
Five-a-side soccer pitch, outdoor basketball court, gym with climbing wall
On-campus high-spec student accommodation at Hult House
Visit us in Boston
Our campuses in Boston and London are available for tours right now. And who better to answer all those burning questions than a current student? Come see where the action happens.
Request a Tour
Hult House: Your Boston home base
Make Hult House your base for the full US undergraduate experience. Located on campus, just minutes from class and an easy hop to the city, you’ll feel right at home in a close-knit international community of Hult classmates. Choose from a range of room options and enjoy vibrant communal spaces and facilities.
Learn More About Hult House
Build your network in Boston
Meet with Boston-based companies in this finance, pharma, and innovation hotspot. Find your people and your passion through Hult’s student clubs and societies and build your network with on- and off-campus career and networking events.
Example social clubs on campus
Hult Fashion Society
Hult Football Club
Hult Golf Club
The Global Gazette
Hult Pride
Hult Debate Society
Example professional clubs on campus
Data Analytics Club
Business & Current Affairs Think Tank
Women in Business
Finance Club
Hult Boston Consulting Club
Hult African Business Club
Diverse & dynamic student life
Tight-knit, welcoming, multicultural—these are just a few words to describe Hult campuses.
With dozens of active clubs and societies, an action-packed calendar of events, and world-class cities on your doorstep, there’s plenty of opportunity to get involved and make friendships that span oceans.
Curious to find out what Hult is really like? Follow us on social.
What our students say
Boston is very student friendly. Both on and off campus, you’ll learn a lot and make meaningful connections with people from all around the world.
Bam Manglicmot
Philippines
Class of 2022
Hult is a big family. From the enrollment team to the professors, they give us strong support and they always want the best for us. Imagine yourself living a dream in the US while studying for a bachelor's degree at the same time? This is possible at Hult!
Apolline Hardy
France
Class of 2024
Apply to Hult
We’re looking for students who'll make an impact in the world. Our enrollment advisors are on hand to support you throughout our straightforward admissions process.
Start Your Application
Entry Requirements
Fees & Scholarships