URL: https://www.hult.edu/undergraduate/dubai
TITLE: Bachelor Degree in Dubai, UAE - BBA | Hult International Business School

Campuses
Meet Hult Dubai
New for 2025, Hult Dubai is opening its doors as a home campus for undergraduates majoring in marketing or entrepreneurship. Our ultra-modern campus in the heart of Dubai Internet City (DIC) is perfectly positioned for immersive business learning at the crossroads of East and West.
Virtual Tour
Why study in Dubai?
Dubai is renowned for its modern infrastructure, luxury lifestyle, and world-class amenities. The city is home to established multinational corporations as well as disruptive startups, making Hult Dubai a great choice for ambitious undergraduates interested in gaining on-the-ground experience in one of the world’s fastest-growing economies.
CAMPUS HIGHLIGHTS:
Welcoming community of Hult postgraduates and undergraduates, offering cultural, social, and professional networking opportunities
Dedicated study options for undergraduates majoring in marketing and entrepreneurship
Modern campus with high-tech classrooms and collaborative working spaces
Walking distance from the Metro, close to Dubai Marina and the beach, and well-connected to the city's major attractions
Visit us in Dubai
Our campuses in Boston, Dubai and London are available for tours right now. And who better to answer all those burning questions than a current student? Come see where the action happens.
Request a Tour
Student accommodation in Dubai
Living alongside students from all over the world will be one of the defining experiences of your time at Hult. Our student accommodation options in Dubai offer a safe, friendly home away from home.
Your Dubai Housing Options
Build your network in Dubai
Make the most of Dubai’s rapidly growing international business community. Find your people and your passion through Hult’s student clubs and societies and build your network with on- and off-campus career and networking events.
Example social clubs on campus
Elite Billiard Club
ESG Exchange Hub
Football Club (Hult FC)
Hult Analytics Club
Hult Cross-Border Law Collaborative
TEDxHultDubai
TEDx is an international community that organizes TED-style events celebrating locally-driven ideas. This student organization brings TEDx to the Hult Dubai community.
Alumni panels
Hult alums in the Dubai area regularly come to campus to meet current students, share their journey after Hult, and give future alumni the benefit of their experience.
Diverse & dynamic student life
Tight-knit, welcoming, multicultural—these are just a few words to describe Hult campuses.
With dozens of active clubs and societies, an action-packed calendar of events, and world-class cities on your doorstep, there’s plenty of opportunity to get involved and make friendships that span oceans.
Curious to find out what Hult is really like? Follow us on social.
Globally recognized, locally accredited
We're proud to announce that our full-time undergraduate programs have been accredited by the United Arab Emirates Ministry of Education (MOE) Commission for Academic Accreditation (CAA). Recognition by the MOE and CAA strengthens our reputation for delivering quality education in the region and expands employment opportunities for our graduates.
Academic accreditation by the UAE Ministry of Education confirms that Hult Dubai’s full-time bachelor's degrees meet national standards and qualify for degree attestation required for government employment, further study, and professional licensure in the UAE. As a result, Hult graduates have expanded opportunities with employers across the UAE, in both government and private sectors, where qualifications from MOE-accredited institutions are required.
What our students say
Dubai is a major business stronghold with a very strategic location. It has a very large emigrant community making it a truly international city.
Isha Sager
India
Class of 2018
Studying international business in Dubai brings amazing career opportunities, networking options, and offers a fast-growing economy and environment.
Jasmin Onursal
Austria
Class of 2020
Apply to Hult
We’re looking for students who'll make an impact in the world. Our enrollment advisors are on hand to support you throughout our straightforward admissions process.
Start Your Application
Entry Requirements
Fees & Scholarships