URL: https://www.hult.edu/undergraduate/admissions/transfer-students
TITLE: Transferring to Hult | Hult International Business School

Admissions
Transfer to Hult
Each year, we welcome transfer students from around the world to bring their unique experiences and perspectives to Hult. If you’re a globally minded undergraduate looking for a home to further develop your interests and talents, Hult may be the right place for you.
Get a Transfer Credit Assessment
Discover how your credits transfer and pave the way for your academic journey. We accept up to 60 credits from courses similar to those in our undergraduate program, where you've earned a grade of a C or higher.
Fill out the form with your details and submit your transcripts today and a member of our dedicated enrollment team will be in touch within 3 to 5 business days to answer all your questions.
How We Make Transferring Easy
Transferable credits
Hult may recognize up to
60 total credits
toward your 120-credit degree.
This can include:
• Up to
30 credits
from advanced studies (such as U.S. AP, dual-enrollment, or European Year 13 qualifications)
• Up to
60 credits
from previous university-level coursework.
Personalized support
Your past, present, and future are unique—that’s why your Hult journey will be tailored to you. When you apply to Hult, you’ll have your own dedicated enrollment advisor that will help you every step of the way.
SAT-optional admissions process
Your potential is so much more than a number, which is why at Hult, we offer an SAT test-optional admissions process. We believe that every candidate has more to offer than a test score.
Scholarships and awards
All applicants are automatically considered for merit-based scholarships, and those seeking additional support can apply for need-based aid. Your enrolment advisor will guide you through the process.
Please note:
For 2026 entry,
university transfer credits
are not available for the
Psychology, Economics & Politics
,
Computer Science
, or
Entrepreneurship
degrees. Advanced study credits (e.g., AP, dual-enrollment, or Year 13) may still be considered.
Pre-Application Credit Assessment
One way we can help today is with a pre-application credit assessment based on your previous academic achievements.
By submitting your transcripts, you'll get valuable feedback into how your credits may transfer within 3-5 business days. Rest assured, a member of our dedicated enrollment team will reach out to you directly.
Get Your Assessment
Love that international vibe?
So do we. That’s why at Hult you’ll feel like you’re studying across the world in one classroom. Every project you’ll work on has a team that’s handpicked for maximum diversity—different nationalities, different languages, different perspectives—but one common goal. That’s your day-to-day reality here at Hult.
148
nationalities and counting
104
languages spoken across our campuses
95%
of students study at a campus outside their home country
61%
of students work abroad after graduation
Find out more about how you'll fit in at Hult:
Book a Transfer Credit Assessment
Get the skills to be whatever you dream
What do you want to be when you graduate — your own boss, a fashion marketer, or a financial professional at a world-class bank? Whatever your goal, you’ll need core skills, knowledge, and experience. That’s where we come in.
Get to know yourself better
Our unique collaborative learning approach helps you figure out what your strengths and weaknesses are and how you can improve on both. So when you graduate, you’ll leave stronger, bolder, and more capable.
Welcome to the real world
We believe the best way to learn is by doing. You’ll work creatively with classmates to solve real-world challenges and build practical skills you can apply anywhere.
Prepare to progress
Learn from passionate professors with real industry experience and gain the core skills that set you apart. Graduate ready to excel in your career — whether that means becoming the professional every employer wants to hire or the boss of your own business.
Submit your transcript today and take the first step towards a seamless transition to your future at Hult.
Submit Your Transcript
About Hult International Business School
1st
Winner of the 2023 MERIT Award for Innovation in Higher Education
1st
Top University for Experiential Learning, The Forage, 2022
3rd
International Students,
Financial Times
Master's in Management Ranking, 2023
5th
for Student and Faculty Diversity,
The Economist,
Full-Time MBA Ranking, 2023
20th
Academic Experience, Poets and Quants, Best Undergraduate Business Schools, 2024
Our accreditations
Hult is recognized by business education’s three most prestigious international accrediting bodies: The Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB International), the Association of MBAs (AMBA), and EQUIS (The European Quality Improvement System).
Apply to Hult
We’re looking for students who'll make an impact in the world. Our enrollment advisors are on hand to support you throughout our straightforward admissions process.
Start Your Application
Entry Requirements
Fees & Scholarships