URL: https://www.hult.edu/undergraduate/campus-tour
TITLE: Request a Campus Tour

Campuses
Request a Campus Tour
Experience what makes Hult unlike any other business school by joining us for an insider's look at campus life in Boston and London.
And who better to answer all those burning questions than a current student?
Find out more about our tours:
Boston
London
Dubai
Tour Hult Boston
Come and experience our Boston campus in person with a student-led tour, plus the option to sit in on a live class led by one of our industry-expert professors.
Register for a campus tour
Get an insider’s perspective on life at Hult Boston with a student-led tour, where you’ll explore the campus, hear firsthand experiences, and discover what makes studying right on the banks of the Charles River so unique.
1-hour campus tour
Tour of Hult House (where first-year students live)
Student Tour Guide
Register for a tour + class
Enjoy an insider's campus tour led by a current Hult student, including access to Hult House. You'll then have the opportunity to sit in on a class with one of our professors for a taste of how we do business education.
1-hour student-led campus tour
Tour of Hult House (where first-year students live)
Sit in on a Hult professor-led class
Tour Hult London
Explore our London undergraduate campus with a student-led tour of our award-winning facilities, set in a converted brewery.
Register for a campus tour
Come and feel the buzz of Hult House East, our inspiring campus which puts you in London’s creative center. Enjoy a behind-the-scenes tour of our truly unique facilities and modern student housing.
1-hour campus tour
Tour of Chapter Aldgate (where first-year students live)
Student Tour Guide
Register for a tour + class
Get a full campus tour led by one of our current students, including access to Chapter Aldgate, where many first-year students live. You'll then experience a live class led by one of our industry-expert business professors.
1-hour student-led campus tour
Tour of Chapter Aldgate (where first-year students live)
Sit in on a Hult professor-led class
Tour Hult Dubai
Explore our Dubai undergraduate campus with a tour of our ultra-modern facilities, perfectly located in the heart of Dubai Internet City—an ideal setting for immersive business learning at the crossroads of East and West.
Register for a campus tour
Come and experience the energy of our Dubai campus, an inspiring space located in the heart of Dubai Internet City.
30-minute campus tour
Available Monday to Thursday
Enrollment Advisor-led tour
What people say about Hult campus tours
Thank you for the amazing tour you gave us. We enjoyed it so much and thought you did a fantastic job of giving us all the information we needed.
Charmaine D’Silva
Parent
Yesterday's campus tour convinced not only me, but also my parents 100%... So I will confirm my place. Thank you!
Stefania Ravelli
Incoming student
Campus tours are the best way to connect with students and families. It's the most rewarding feeling to see the excitement in the student's eyes and the happiness in the parents' faces.
Giulia Orlandoni
Student Support Team
Boston is very student friendly. Both on and off campus, you’ll learn a lot and make meaningful connections with people from all around the world.
Bam Manglicmot
Philippines
Class of 2022
Hult is a big family. From the enrollment team to the professors, they give us strong support and they always want the best for us.
Apolline Hardy
France
Class of 2024
About Hult International Business School
1st
Winner of the 2023 MERIT Award for Innovation in Higher Education
1st
Top University for Experiential Learning, The Forage, 2022
3rd
for International Students,
Financial Times
Master's in Management Ranking, 2023
5th
for Student and Faculty Diversity,
The Economist
, Full-Time MBA Ranking, 2023
20th
Academic Experience, Poets and Quants, Best Undergraduate Business Schools, 2024
Our accreditations
Hult is recognized by business education’s three most prestigious international accrediting bodies: The Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB International), the Association of MBAs (AMBA), and EQUIS (The European Quality Improvement System).
Apply to Hult
We’re looking for students who'll make an impact in the world. Our enrollment advisors are on hand to support you throughout our straightforward admissions process.
Start Your Application
Entry Requirements
Fees & Scholarships