URL: https://damore-mckim.northeastern.edu/admissions/tuition-aid
TITLE: Tuition & Aid - D'Amore-McKim School of Business

Tuition & Aid
Tuition & Fees
Find tuition rates and fees for all programs, including costs for optional meal plans, parking, housing, and student health plans (required for full-time students).
Financing Options
Northeastern offers several options to help you finance your education. Learn about payment plans, federal and supplemental loans, ISAs and more.
Undergraduate Financial Aid
Learn the ins and outs of financial aid for undergraduates, from the many types of aid to
The Northeastern Promise
—our commitment to help you plan for the entire cost of your degree.
Graduate Financial Aid
Atop traditional federal aid, Northeastern offers a full compliment of financial assistance to eligible graduate students, such as assistantships, scholarships, loans and work awards.
Scholarship Opportunities
Scholarship Opportunities
Scholarship Opportunities Opens in Modal
Scholarship Opportunities
Merit-Based Scholarships
Undergraduates
Students who are in the top 10-15 percent of our applicant pool are considered for competitive merit awards. For example, the prestigious Dean's Scholarship honors select students within the top 25 percent of freshmen admitted. Recipients are awarded between $10,000 and $25,000 annually. All fall freshman applicants for undergraduate admission to Northeastern are considered.
MBA and MS Programs
If you apply to a program that offers merit scholarships, you'll automatically receive consideration without a separate application. Outstanding candidates receive merit scholarships based on application strength, including undergraduate records, prior work experience, professional recommendations, any test scores provided, and other application materials. Merit scholarships typically provide partial tuition reductions and require no work commitment.
Scholarships for Alumni & Family
Double Husky Scholarship
The Double Husky Scholarship helps Northeastern alumni finance their graduate education by offering a 25 percent tuition discount on eligible programs.
Alumni with a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree from Northeastern are automatically considered for the Double Husky scholarship when they are admitted into an eligible graduate degree or certificate program—there is no special application required. Upon acceptance, applicants receive a letter indicating the tuition discount that applies to their program.
If a student is offered other grant aid from the university, they will only receive the scholarship of higher value. Those completing pass-through degrees, such as the PlusOne accelerated master's program, do not qualify for the Double Husky Scholarship.
Learn More
The Parent and Family Scholarship
Are you a parent or sibling of a current Northeastern undergraduate student? Northeastern offers a first-of-its-kind
Parent and Family Scholarship
. 25 percent discounts are available for all D'Amore-McKim graduate programs. To be eligible, you will need to provide the Northeastern University ID number of your son, daughter, or sibling (who must be currently enrolled at Northeastern as a full-time undergraduate day student) at the time of your application.
Scholarships for Military & Veterans
Post-9/11 GI Bill ®/Yellow Ribbon Program
Northeastern University supports veterans through a combination of scholarships and financial aid. If the cost of your tuition and fees exceed the maximum annual
Post-9/11 GI Bill
payment, you may apply to the program to cover your additional expenses. Active military members and their spouses are not eligible, but are invited to apply after completing their service.
GI Bill® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). More information about education benefits offered by VA is available at the official U.S. government website at
http://www.benefits.va.gov/gibill
.
Application-Required Undergraduate Scholarships
Torch Scholars Program
First-generation students who would like to be considered for the Torch Scholars Program need to be nominated. For more information, visit the
Torch Scholars Program
.
Northeastern National Scholar Award
National Merit semi-finalists or National Hispanic Recognition Program Scholars have the opportunity to apply for the Northeastern National Scholar Award. If you have received one of these awards, you will be notified when you apply about the steps you need to take in order to be considered for the honor.
Boston Public Schools Scholarships
Students enrolled in Boston Public High Schools are eligible for several
special scholarships
.
Additional Graduate Scholarships
African Students Access Scholarship
The
African Students Access Scholarship
supports high-achieving graduates of African universities pursuing a graduate on-ground education on a Northeastern University campus in the U.S. Once admitted, you'll automatically be considered for this scholarship, which covers up to 50% of tuition. No application is necessary.
Association of International Certified Professional Accountants
Scholarships
The
Association of International Certified Professional Accountants
(AICPA) provides a comprehensive national scholarship database to support the graduate students who will shape the future of accounting. Apply on the AICPA website.
AmeriCorps/Teach for America MBA Scholarship
The
AmeriCorps
and
Teach for America
MBA Scholarship supports students who have worked within that program to improve educational equality and opportunity across the United States. The scholarship covers up to 25% of tuition toward the Full-Time, Part-Time, and Online MBA programs. If you've completed one year of volunteer service with AmeriCorps or Teach for America, include that affiliation in your application materials for consideration. No application is necessary.
City Year MBA Scholarship
The
City Year MBA Scholarship
supports students who have served City Year for at least one term to foster student success in underserved communities or have worked for City Year for at least two years. This scholarship covers at least 25% of tuition for each year toward the Full-Time and Part-Time MBA programs. Identify your affiliation with City Year in your application materials for consideration. No application is necessary.
The Deloitte Foundation Accounting Scholars Program
The
Deloitte Foundation Accounting Scholars Program
fosters a strong pipeline of diverse CPA talent by offering scholarships that cover full tuition for selected MS in Accounting and MS in Accounting/MBA candidates. No application is necessary.
The Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Graduate Fellowships
The
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Graduate Fellowship
supports students of African origin who demonstrate exemplary leadership and have a strong record of community service. The fellowship covers full tuition and fees (excluding insurance). To qualify, you must enroll full-time in a graduate program, complete the financial aid process, and apply directly through the John D. O'Bryant African American Institute at Northeastern University.
Forté Scholarship
The Forté Scholarship recognizes those who show outstanding leadership through mentoring, participating in women's initiatives, advocating for gender equality, or supporting women-led businesses. The fellowship awards up to $20,000 to multiple students annually for Full-Time, Part-Time, and Online MBA programs, along with access to mentorship and leadership development programming. No application is necessary.
Full-Circle Scholarship
The
Full Circle Scholarship
celebrates Northeastern University's values of experiential and global learning by offering a tuition discount to incoming graduate students who are current or former members of the Peace Corps, AmeriCorps, Teach for America, or English Language Learners (ELL).  Please identify your affiliation in your program application materials for consideration. No application is necessary.
Latin American Achievers Scholarship
The Latin American Achievers Scholarship recognizes promising, high-achieving graduates of Latin American universities pursuing a graduate business degree who exhibit both proven academic excellence and the potential to drive positive impact. This award covers up to 50% of tuition toward a campus-based graduate degree (MBA and MS) program. No application is necessary.
National Black MBA Association MBA Scholarship
The
National Black MBA Association
Scholarship supports education and growth opportunities for historically underrepresented students—in graduate school and throughout their careers. This scholarship covers up to 100% of tuition for Full-Time and Part-Time MBA programs. Identify your National Black MBA Association membership in your application materials for consideration. No application is necessary.
Posse MBA Scholarship
The
Posse Foundation Scholarship
supports the future leaders of a diverse, multicultural society. This scholarship, which may be renewed annually, covers up to 100% of tuition for Posse fellows admitted to the Full-Time and Part-Time MBA programs. Identify your Posse affiliation in your application materials for consideration. No application is necessary.
Prospanica MBA Scholarship
The
Prospanica MBA Scholarship
supports Hispanic professionals as they reach their full educational, economic, and social potential. This scholarship, which may be renewed annually, covers up to 100% of tuition for Prospanica members admitted to the Full-Time and Part-Time MBA programs. Identify your affiliation with Prospanica in your MBA application materials for consideration. No application is necessary.
Reaching Out MBA Fellowship (LGBTQ)
The
Reaching Out MBA LGBTQ+ Fellowship
supports the LGBTQ+ and active ally business leaders of tomorrow. The fellowship offers a minimum $10,000 scholarship per academic year, or a $20,000 total scholarship for Full-Time, Part-Time, and Online MBA programs, along with access to exclusive mentorship and leadership development programming. Identify your ROMBA affiliation in your application materials for consideration. No application is necessary.
Important Notices
Payment Plan
Northeastern University offers a
payment plan
that will allow you to pay the tuition in monthly installments over the course of the semester. Because it is not a loan and no interest is charged, the total cost is significantly lower than you would incur with a loan.
Cost of Living
Many of our students are already living in the Boston area. However, if you are relocating to the city, you will find that housing expenses can vary widely across the Boston area. To learn more about Northeastern University's on- and off-campus housing accommodations, please visit the
Northeastern Housing & Residential Life website
.
Health Insurance
State law requires D'Amore-McKim students in a full-time academic program to have medical insurance. If you are not covered under a qualifying plan, you must enroll in one. Visit Northeastern University's Student Health Plan website for more information; including
eligibility guidelines
,
enrollment information
,
effective dates and costs
, and
benefits
. Call NUSHP directly with additional questions at 617.373.8007.