URL: https://damore-mckim.northeastern.edu/current-students/experience/clubs-organizations
TITLE: Clubs & Organizations - Experience - D'Amore-McKim School of Business

Clubs & Organizations
Northeastern officially recognizes more than
500 student-led clubs and organizations
across its global campuses. You'll find academic enrichment clubs, affinity groups, club sports, and more. Get involved and build leadership skills, expand peer networks, and explore professional interests. Listed below are the business oriented groups most aligned with D'Amore-McKim. Reach out to student leaders to get started.
Undergraduate Clubs and Honor Societies
Alpha Kappa Psi
Alpha Kappa Psi is a professional fraternity that welcomes all individuals with interest in business and provides its members world-class professional and leadership development opportunities. We focus on the value of ethics, education, and community leadership that are necessary to succeed in today's evolving world.
Beta Alpha Psi
Beta Alpha Psi is an honorary organization for Accounting, Finance, and Management Information students and professionals from D'Amore-McKim. The primary objective of Beta Alpha Psi is to encourage and give recognition to scholastic and professional excellence in the business information field. This includes promoting the study and practice of accounting, finance and information systems; providing opportunities for self-development, service and association among members and practicing professionals, and encouraging a sense of ethical, social, and public responsibility.
Beta Gamma Sigma
Beta Gamma Sigma is the international business honor society. Their mission is to encourage and honor academic achievement in the study of business, to cultivate and celebrate leadership and professional excellence, to advance the values of the Society, and to serve its lifelong members. D'Amore-McKim has been a chapter member since 1963. Induction into the Beta Gamma Sigma International Honor Society is one of the highest scholastic honors a business student can achieve. Undergraduate students graduating in the top 10 percent of an academic year's graduates (December, May, and August) receive email notification of their nomination to the society in the spring of the year of graduation. Students are selected each spring based on their cumulative GPA at the end of the fall semester ahead of the spring graduation date, provided they have completed the application to graduate.
Students must formally accept their nomination to be inducted
, which is a lifetime membership.
Black Business Student Association (BBSA)
The mission of the Black Business Student Association (BBSA) is to connect and provide members with information, opportunities, and community to promote excellence, enrichment, and engagement through a business lens.
Bull and Bear Research
Bull and Bear Research is a club at Northeastern University that is trying to create a community of students who are willing to acquire specific beginner- to intermediate-level investment and financial skills. B&B is also giving its members an opportunity to learn a variety of techniques and strategies, while networking with invited speakers, e-board members and each other.
Business of Entertainment Club
The Business of Entertainment Club at Northeastern University empowers students to explore the intersection of business and entertainment across the film, television, and music industries. Through speaker events, industry panels, workshops, and professional development initiatives, we provide members with opportunities to gain industry insights, build valuable skills, and grow their networks.
CASE (Consulting & Advisory Student Experience)
The Consulting & Advisory Student Experience (CASE) is a student-run undergraduate organization that provides presentations, events, workshops, and other activities to help students learn more about, engage with, and acquire the skills required to excel in the consulting industry. CASE will serve as a forum connecting Northeastern students from all majors with professionals in the industry, faculty members, and Northeastern alumni to equip our members for careers in consulting. Furthermore, CASE aims to establish partnerships with firms and current professionals to explore further opportunities. [NUCC rebranded as CASE]
Delta Sigma Pi
Delta Sigma Pi is a professional fraternity organized to foster the study of business in universities; to encourage scholarship, social activity, and the association of students for their mutual advancement by research and practice; to promote closer affiliation between the commercial world and students of commerce, to further a higher standard of commercial ethics and culture for the civic and commercial welfare of the community.
Disability in Business Society (DIBS)
The Disability in Business Society is a professional organization dedicated to empowering disabled students in business. As more companies recruit and recognize our community as a valuable part of a diverse workplace, the Disability in Business Society aims to provide opportunities for networking, recruiting, and professional development to support our belonging in business fields.
Disrupt (FinTech Initiative)
Disrupt is a student-led organization that aims to create a community which drives education, advancement, and engagement in FinTech for Northeastern University and the greater FinTech community.Through Disrupt, individuals can learn a multitude of topics related to FinTech. The organization facilitates speaker events, executive lunches, site visits, technical workshops, and more to expose and educate anyone interested in FinTech. Disrupt's technical training sessions and workshops allow students to acquire the interdisciplinary set of skills required for FinTech.
Entrepreneurs Club
The Northeastern Entrepreneurs Club is a student-led organization that enables aspiring entrepreneurs of all academic interests from across the university to pursue their passions by providing meaningful and engaging experiences to support their entrepreneurial aspirations. The Entrepreneurs Club is Northeastern's largest student led organization. Our 1000+ members attend more than 80 entreprenurially focused events each year across our 4 programs. Our programming features an executive speaker series, skill-based workshops, extensive community events, and a semester long startup incubator/pitch competition. The entrepreneurs club serves to educate, inspire, and empower Northeastern University's student entreprenuers, leaders, and innovators.
Evolve
Evolve is a student-led venture accelerator enabling early-stage healthcare and life sciences ventures in the Northeastern University entrepreneurial ecosystem.
Family Business Consulting Club
The Family Business Consulting Club is dedicated to providing students with a unique learning experience in the field of consulting. Through interactive projects and workshops, we aim to broaden students' understanding of consulting while fostering a supportive and collaborative community. By bridging the gap between theory and practice, we enable students to apply their knowledge and skills to solve real business challenges faced by family enterprises.
Finance and Investment Club (FIC)
The mission of the Finance and Investment Club is to support the development of future financial professionals not only in their field but in the university and the community at large. Through career-oriented activities such as professional workshops and weekly presentations by guest speakers, employers, faculty members, and Northeastern alumni, students are given the opportunity to learn about various career paths and useful information that will help them advance in the workplace. The Finance and Investment Club meets Thursday evenings, from 6:00 pm – 7:30 pm.
Finance For the Community (FFC)
Finance For the Community (FFC) is a community engagement organization with the purpose of teaching personal finance to students in Boston Public High Schools. FFC members develop their own curriculum, then travel to different Boston Public High Schools to teach the curriculum. The curriculum includes a   wide range of topics from budgeting to saving to credit card usage and more.   Personal finance is an extremely important topic, but it is not a part of the Boston Public School curriculum. FFC presents a great opportunity for Northeastern students to engage with the community and help improve the lives of Boston Public High School students!
Generate: Student-led product development studio
Generate is Northeastern's premiere student-led product development studio. Our team of dedicated engineers, designers, and data analysts empower real startups with our innovative products. Each semester, Generate works with founders to build their product— be it hardware, software, or a data solution—and support them on their entrepreneurial journey.
Girls into Venture Capital (Girls Into VC)
The first organization to close the gender gap in venture capital while empowering the next generation of female leaders transforming venture capital. By providing educational resources, mentorship, and opportunities, we are building a global community driving diversity and innovation in entrepreneurship.
Global Markets Association
The Global Markets Association provides Northeastern students with an opportunity to further their knowledge and understanding of existing and emerging markets around the globe.
Global Research and Consulting Group (GRC)
GRC is an internationally-oriented educational non-profit with an expansive network of students from universities all over the world. Our mission is to drive global social impact change and empower students to become responsible future leaders. The Northeastern University GRC chapter was established in January 2021. We strive to create an experiential learning environment where students from all majors and backgrounds can develop consulting / research skills and have a positive and effective impact on global non-profits. We have completed 10+ projects with non-profits and impact-driven companies from Uganda, Israel, Spain, Mozambique, and the United States.
Health Care Management & Consulting Concentration Club
HCMC is a club dedicated to helping students explore how mangement, consulting, and innovation can improve healthcare systems, hospitals, biotech companies, and public health organizations. This club aims to bridge the gap between healthcare and business.
Huntington Angels Network (HAN)
Huntington Angels Network (HAN) is a dynamic student-led organization dedicated to making waves in the world of venture capital. We're proud to be affiliated with Northeastern University, and our mission is to drive venture capital investment in Northeastern-connected companies.
Huntington Strategy Group (HSG)
Huntington Strategy Group (HSG) is entirely student-run. We take pride in leveraging the enthusiasm and innovative perspectives of the next generation. HSG specializes in providing consulting services for non-profits and social enterprises in the Greater Boston Area. Through our unique approach, we seek to enact positive change within our community by offering strategic insights, implementing sustainable solutions, and fostering collaborations. By harnessing the collective talent and passion of our student members, we aim to empower organizations dedicated to social causes, amplifying their impact and contributing to a more inclusive and equitable Boston.
International Students in Business (ISIB)
ISIB aims to serve as a resource to help international students integrate into the US workforce and become global business leaders. Additionally, the club also hopes to offer guidance to international student on how to be successful as internationals in the professional world, and how they can utilize their unique skills to their advantage.
IDEA
IDEA is a student-led venture accelerator that fosters the development of entrepreneurs in the Northeastern community through the educational experience of developing a business from concept to launch. We strive to provide a holistic experience for our ventures through support, in-kind resources, and opportunities to engage in an experiential learning opportunity.
LatAm Business Club (LBC)
Fostering a vibrant Latin American community, while creating an entrepreneurial environment for political discussion, business development, and professional growth.
NEU Blockchain
The main purpose of NEU Blockchain is to engage in discussion and education of cryptocurrency and blockchain technology through hands-on learning experiences through research on Northeastern's campus. We are fostering an open community across undergraduate, graduate, alumni, and industry professionals to build the next blockchain-crypto hub at Northeastern. The NEU Blockchain Club focuses on four main areas: 1) Education, guest speakers, panels, etc. 2) Hands-on learning experiences and software development 3) Career, networking, entrepreneur opportunities 4) Academic and industry research.
NUImpact
NUImpact is a student-led impact investing initiative at Northeastern University. We serve as a resource for the entire Northeastern community to understand purposeful capital. We offer thought-exchanges through speaker events, interactive workshops, lecture series and community conversations. We also act as a fully operational impact investing fund. Through a unique experiential learning process, our fund pairs technical workshops on investment prospecting, sourcing, and diligence with actual application through teams of student analysts. These student analysts source an investment focused on creating positive change within the Boston community and invest up to $30k each semester. Engage with us to get involved in sustainable and responsible finance that builds a better future.
Northeastern University Marketing Association (NUMA)
NUMA is Northeastern's premiere marketing club. We foster a community of driven students (of various majors and backgrounds) to explore and grow in the field of marketing. We provide students with opportunities to connect with employers, learn from industry experts, explore the world of marketing, and grow professionally.
Northeastern University Real Estate Club (NURE)
The Northeastern Real Estate Club is a community of students, faculty, and alumni at Northeastern who are interested in learning more about real estate related topics, including but not limited to development, investment, and policy. It will do this through educational events, such as a speaker series or a tour of a development site; networking opportunities with employers who have real-estate related opportunities; and interactive events where students can develop relationships and learn from each other. We will advocate for more formal real estate-focused academic programs and curriculum both by direct petition to faculty and through the demonstrated interest of our members. The topics NURE will cover will reflect the all-inclusive nature of the field and the wide-ranging disciplines of its members.
Northeastern University Supply Chain Management Club
The purpose of the NSCMC is to present students with an opportunity to learn, research, participate and share information as well as experience in the field of Supply Chain Management. We will also promote Supply Chain Management as a business concentration within the University to other students. Our goal is to bring Northeastern students and alumni together to learn about the field of supply chain management.
NUImpact
NUImpact is Northeastern University's Impact Investing Initiative, dedicated to promoting the value of purposeful capital on campus and across Boston. Our organization comprises an Investment Fund and a Programming Team. Our fund is the largest undergraduate-led impact fund in the country and makes two $30-50k investments per year. Our Programming Team organizes weekly educational events and hosts an annual summit with 250+ attendees.
Out in Business
Out in Business is a professional development group in the D'Amore McKim School of Business focused on LGBTQA topics. Our initiatives are to provide those who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, and our allies with a safe space in the business school to socialize and network, to organize professional development workshops, to connect with the LGBTQ+ professional community in the greater Boston area, and much more.
Private Equity and Venture Capital Club (PEVC)
The Private   Equity and Venture Capital Club provides students with the opportunity to   learn more about the private equity and venture capital industries. We strive to allow students to create connections with their peers, faculty, and professionals within the PE/VC industries, in hopes that each member comes away with valuable experiences that stem from our club's activities.
Student Value Fund
The Student Value Fund (SVF) is the premier investments focused organization on Northeastern University's campus, with over $250,000 of the school endowment under active management. As an organization, we strive to embody Northeastern's values of experiential learning through the application of theory into practice. Moreover, we foster growth within our members through extensive financial analysis, modeling, and pitching skills to best equip them for their professional goals. Our culture is one that is defined by a passion for the markets and eagerness to learn. First and foremost, we continuously develop as aspiring leaders of the financial world through teaching and mentoring each other. Members undergo extensive training during a semester on analyzing companies from a fundamental perspective and presenting attractive investment opportunities–culminating in final investment pitches. Proudly student-led, we invoke leadership abilities within our community that can be transferred to all aspects of our lives.
TEDxNortheasternU
TEDxNortheasternU is being created in the spirit of TED's mission of Ideas Worth Spreading to Northeastern University. TEDxNortheasternU is designed to give a unique experience of interdisciplinary talks and interactions to the attendees
TAMID Group
TAMID   is a national organization that prepares students to work with startups and exposes them to disciplines such as entrepreneurship, consulting, and finance through the lens of the Israeli startup ecosystem. We do that through a pro bono consulting program where we consult for top startups coming out of Tel-Aviv and a national stock pitch competition to decide which companies to add to our stock portfolio worth thousands of dollars. We also provide an exclusive summer internship program in Israel.
WISE (Women's Interdisciplinary Society of Entrepreneurship)
The Women's Interdisciplinary Society of Entrepreneurship (WISE) is a student-led group at Northeastern University dedicated to helping womxn develop an innovative mindset through interactive workshops, a thought-incubator, and mentorship pairings.
Women in Business (WIB)
The NU Women in Business Club is an interdisciplinary organization that proudly stands to support the female, business-oriented community of Northeastern through a variety of professional and personal development events. We are here to help build, support, and empower our amazing club members to reach new heights. We focus on professional development and building business skills through workshops, guest speakers, games, and activities. For inspiration, WIB has an amazing Executive Speaker series, bringing in top female business leaders from the Boston area, as well as our Smart Seminar series, where Northeastern alumni share the story of their path in business over light refreshments. WIB has also introduced our Mentor/Mentee program, where older members who have completed at least one co-op are paired with younger members who are looking for guidance in their Northeastern journey. Women in Business is a beautiful community where we hope that our members feel as though they can thrive and grow from the support of our incredibly intelligent group of strong women.
Women in Finance (WIF)
The Women in Finance initiative is an effort to better educate, empower, support, and mentor our students exploring careers in finance. Our goal is to facilitate the development of an authentic, lifelong network of professional women who will support each other through the successes and challenges of their careers. Our programming initiatives seek to cultivate a strong community of students, employer partners, alumnae, and faculty by offering engaging career education opportunities, the creation of leadership roles for students, meaningful networking opportunities, and exposure to leading firms across various finance industry areas. Programming for fall 2018 includes an executive speaker series, alumnae breakfasts/lunches, employer hosted coffee chats, a peer mentorship network, and a community service project.
Scholars of Finance (SoF)
Scholars of Finance is a rapidly growing organization on a mission to inspire character and integrity in the finance leaders of tomorrow. We seek to solve the world's largest problems by investing in undergraduate students through leadership development, mentorship, and the active support of hundreds of purpose-driven finance executives and investors. Our members then join top firms, funds, and a life-long support community that empowers them to spend their careers serving the greater good using the biggest lever in the world: finance.
Dollars & Sense
Our Three-Pronged Approach aims to create an atmosphere where students who are passionate about financial literacy can come together to grow their personal finance skills and use their knowledge to aid the local community.
Graduate Student Engagement Opportunities and Societies
360 Huntington Fund
Manage a real mutual fund with a team of fellow students—and develop the kind of investing knowledge that can come only from experience. The 360 Huntington Fund, a mutual fund in Northeastern's endowment, offers you the chance to research investments, present options to your peers, and carry out day-to-day management activities. No matter what your experience level, you can apply to participate, either to earn one credit per semester for an eligible graduate program or as a non-credit club member.
Beta Gamma Sigma
Induction into the Beta Gamma Sigma International Honor Society is the one of the highest scholastic honors a graduate business student can achieve. Students graduating in the top 20 percent of their degree program for  December, May and August conferrals will receive email notification of their nomination to the society. Students must formally accept their nomination to be inducted, which is a lifetime membership.
Black Graduate Club
The D'Amore-McKim School of Business Black Graduate Club creates a community that supports black students in their personal and professional goals and promotes business issues related to the community. All students are welcome to participate in professional development through meetings, events, and conferences that delve into the unspoken rules of modern work. You'll build strong business acumen, grow your network, and advance in the corporate world or as entrepreneurs. For more information, contact Lydia at
[email protected]
.
ClimateCAP Initiative
The ClimateCAP Initiative aims to prepare MBA students – the business leaders of tomorrow – to tackle climate and sustainability challenges faced in the business world. Students gain access to valuable resources such as a network of top business schools, industry experts, events and more.
Commodities Trading Club
The Commodities Trading Club strives to create a learning platform for students interested in physical and derivative commodity markets. Members gain an understanding of the industry and its impact on financial markets and the broader economy through active research and applied writing. Through regular group meetings, members discuss current events affecting commodity markets, learn about various career opportunities in the field, and network at speaker events. To join, contact
[email protected]
.
DATA Club
Join DATA Club to participate in real-world data challenges, strengthen your network, and expand your knowledge of data science. Sharpen your skills with workshops on R, Tableau, Python, and more. Guest speaker events offer a chance to network with industry professionals from fields like machine learning and bioinformatics. Club members also participate in regular “data challenges,” including a recent challenge in which participants partnered with the city of Boston to visualize bike safety in Tableau. To get involved,
join the mailing list
or the Slack group through the DATA Club website.
Data Knowledge Interchange Partnership for Students (Data KIPS)
Join a supportive network of students engaged in peer-to-peer mentorship to apply data to strategic business decision-making. As a Data KIPS member, you'll provide and receive support in learning critical concepts for your coursework through study sessions and workshops. The club leadership team recruits business, marketing, technology (R, Python, C, C++, SQL, etc.), and machine learning experts to lead workshop sessions. Share your expertise as a student expert or broaden your knowledge as an attendee—session attendance is open to the Northeastern community.
Female Leaders Club
The Female Leaders Club aims to support and empower women to succeed academically, socially, and professionally. The club strives to create a supportive environment where women can challenge convention, push boundaries, and lead with impact. Guest speakers, networking events, seminars, and workshops cover financial literacy, retirement, how to secure equal pay, and more. Membership is open to all women-identifying graduate students. To join, connect with the club through
WhatsApp
.
Graduate Consulting Club
Are you interested in pursuing a career in consulting and looking for more ways to gain experience in the field? Northeastern's Graduate Consulting Club helps students navigate their career paths by providing first-hand knowledge about the consulting industry. Refine your critical thinking skills in practice interview case study sessions or connect with notable guest speakers at meet-up events. Build your network and learn from individuals at every stage of their career journey, from aspiring consultants to industry professionals. To join, email
[email protected]
or join the
WhatsApp group chat
.
IDEA Student-Led Venture Accelerator
Think like an entrepreneur—or even better, become one! Through IDEA, Northeastern's student-led venture accelerator, you can find support and funding to take a great business idea from concept to launch. Or you can apply to become a coach for a startup in your area of interest, providing strategic consulting services that help new businesses get off the ground.
Options Club
The Northeastern Options Club welcomes finance enthusiasts from all fields to enrich their financial and investment knowledge. Students will gain an in-depth understanding of Options Derivatives and different financial instruments, from the investing and trading point of view to enhancing strong research and portfolio management skills. This club also prioritizes networking opportunities, connecting members to experienced industry leaders.  To join, fill out the following
form
.
Sharpe
Find your footing in fintech by joining Sharpe, an initiative led by graduate students to explore the intersection of finance and technology. Through guest speakers, technical workshops, and networking events, you can learn diverse skills and discover opportunities for growth—and possibly employment—in this dynamic new field. All graduate students can become Sharpe members. To join, email
[email protected]
or fill out the
Sharpe membership form
.
Sustainable Finance Club
The Sustainable Finance Club strives to foster a deeper understanding of the crucial role finance plays in addressing sustainability concerns. Students can join the content, communications, or logistics teams, taking on responsibilities like social media management and hosting guest speaker events. Members of the Sustainable Finance Club interact with industry professionals, gain insightful information, and collaborate with others who are equally interested in the field. For more information, contact
[email protected]
.
Venture Mentoring Network (VMN)
Collaborate with a mentor as a budding entrepreneur and access a wealth of free resources to begin a successful business. Through VMN, you can build a mentor team of experienced startup founders and executives to guide you as you develop a business plan, raise funds, create a marketing strategy, scale your product or service, and launch in a competitive marketplace.
Apply to have your venture matched with a mentor
.
Starting a new club? Need help with your existing group?
D'Amore-McKim offers support to business students interested in starting new clubs and organizations. We also assist existing business groups, convening leaders regularly to spread best practices. Call today with your questions.
Undergraduates
Graduate students
Sydney Lewis
[email protected]
More ways to get involved
Intramural Sports
Participate in a variety of different tournaments and leagues thanks to the University Recreation Intramural Sports programs.
Cultural Centers
Northeastern's wide variety of centers advance belonging through research, lectures, and more.
Visit Student Life Website