URL: https://damore-mckim.northeastern.edu/group/international-business/news
TITLE: News - International Business & Strategy - D'Amore-McKim School of Business

Related news and updates
April 9, 2026
D'Amore-McKim School of Business Hosts Discussion on Partnership Models Driving Global Life-Sciences Innovation
On Tuesday, April 7, D'Amore-McKim School of Business professors Valentina Marano, Ravi Ramamurti, and Gary Young convened academic and industry leaders for a panel discussion on the partnership models driving innovation across the global life-sciences ecosystem.
April 3, 2026
Researchers say fossil fuel companies' communications facade
Fossil fuel companies want you to think they're leaders in renewables — researchers say their communication strategy suggests otherwise.
April 2, 2026
The US bans foreign-made consumer routers. Here's what you need to know
The order isn't of immediate concern, but there could be long-term consequences, since routers used in the U.S. are primarily foreign-made, expert say.
March 18, 2026
AI, energy and geopolitics: Leadership's triple transition challenge
Mark Esposito argues in a piece for World Economic Forum that world economic leaders would be short-sighted to not consider energy and geopolitics alongside AI investments.
March 17, 2026
Advancing a global career
“The MBA strengthened my analytical skills, exposed me to modern business tools like AI, and gave me countless opportunities to apply what I was learning directly to my work.” – Binglei (Leilei) Zhou,  MBA'23
November 7, 2025
What does OpenAI's restructuring mean for the future of the AI industry?
November 6, 2025
Flights, food aid, and military pay at risk as 2025 government shutdown sets US record
April 4, 2025
Is dual citizenship a resume booster? What job applicants and employers need to know
Paula Caligiuri, distinguished professor of international business and strategy at Northeastern's D'Amore-McKim School of Business, advises job applicants to include dual citizenship as a qualification while also recommending employers take a closer look at what it means about prospective employees.
October 7, 2024
Research.com recognizes D'Amore-McKim professors for groundbreaking contributions across disciplines
D'Amore-McKim professors have been recognized in Research.com's latest rankings across several disciplines, including Business and Management. This recognition highlights their significant contributions to advancing academic knowledge and shaping real-world business practices.