URL: https://damore-mckim.northeastern.edu/programs/bs-international-business
TITLE: International Business - D'Amore-McKim School of Business

Bachelors of Science
Bachelors of Science
International Business
Build the global business skills today’s economy demands—powered by Northeastern's signature experiential learning opportunities.
Apply Now
Request Information
Program Details
Commitment
Full-time, 4 years
Entry Terms
Fall
Visa Compliant
Yes
STEM-designated
No
Program Options
Yes
Scroll to options
Locations
Boston, Global
APPLICATION DEADLINES
application Details
tuiton & aid
November 1
Early Decision I / Early Action
January 1
Early Decision II / Regular Decision
April 1
Fall Start Transfer Applicants
Our stories, our success
Our stories, our success Opens in Modal
Our stories, our success
Why study international business at D'Amore-McKim?
Prepare for success:
97% of our international business graduates were employed or in graduate school within nine months of graduation.
Gain real-world perspective:
Through signature experiences, like our nationally recognized co-op program, you'll build invaluable skills and connections in paid work placements.
Learn international practices:
Maximize the opportunity to study abroad, preparing you with global perspectives on business.
Customize your education:
Prepare to reach your unique goals through concentrations, minors, opportunities abroad, and opportunities across our global campus network.
Program options
The Bachelor of Science in International Business prepares you to navigate management challenges in a rapidly evolving global economy. You'll learn to work effectively across cultures and business practices while exploring how international contexts shape your chosen concentration. Because knowledge about other cultures and practices is best learned on location and experientially, students are expected to complete at least one semester of study or cooperative education experience in a country other than where they grew up. You are encouraged to become proficient in a second language.
View program requirements
Decide how you want to complete your co-op and studies abroad
BSIB majors will complete six months or more of study abroad, with an option to earn a dual degree from our partner universities. To complete your global experience requirement, you can choose from the following:
One semester of study abroad, including opportunities through Northeastern's
Global Experience Office
One co-op abroad
Two summer
Dialogue of Civilizations
programs
Two traditional summer study abroad experiences
Dual degree option
If you choose the year-long immersion to fulfill the international experience, you also have the choice to receive both the BSIB degree from Northeastern and the equivalent undergraduate degree from the partner school. This option is available at our BSIB partner schools in Brazil, France, Ireland, Mexico, Spain, and the United Kingdom. To earn the dual degree you must:
Complete two or three years of study at Northeastern.
Fulfill a domestic co-op experience.
Spend two years at the partner institution completing course work and an international co-op placement.
The dual degree option is an intensive program requiring a strong commitment. In return, you'll be among the best-prepared international business graduates in the country. The benefits of a two-year immersion include:
Your language proficiency excels.
Your expertise in navigating the local culture develops greatly.
Your international experiences transform you into a global citizen.
Add a required concentration (or two or three)
BSIB majors are required to choose one of the following concentrations. Work with your academic advisor to declare up to three concentrations.
Boston Only
Accounting
Pursue careers in the field of accounting with the financial skills, analytical expertise, and interpersonal perspectives you need.
Boston Only
Accounting & Advisory Services
Build skills to complement your major and learn to make strategic financial decisions in a range of industries.
Boston Only
Brand Management
Transform your passion for brands into a strategic, creative, analytical, and in-demand career.
Boston Only
Business Analytics
Learn to harness the power of data to help organizations make informed decisions in increasingly complex business environments.
Boston Only
Corporate Innovation
Develop your entrepreneurial mindset and acquire the skills to create new products, services, processes, and ventures.
Boston & Oakland
Entrepreneurial Startups
Gain the entrepreneurial skills to conceptualize, launch, manage and grow a new business venture—regardless of your background or major.
Boston & Oakland
Finance
Build a strong foundation in finance and strategic thinking to make informed decisions in today's complex business world.
Boston & Oakland
Fintech
Pursue careers at the intersection of finance and technology, with in-demand skills in big data, machine learning, blockchain, and more.
Boston Only
Healthcare Management & Consulting
Learn to manage business processes, drive improvements, and make a significant impact on patient health and quality of life.
Boston Only
Management
Learn to drive business results with knowledge in organizational dynamics, change management, negotiation, motivation, and more.
Boston Only
Management Information Systems
Build in-demand skills to manage, analyze, and apply information effectively across a range of careers and industries.
Boston & Oakland
Marketing
Prepare for a career in marketing as you learn the fundamentals of buyer behavior, analytics, digital media, product development, and more.
Boston Only
Marketing Analytics
Learn the cutting-edge skills to harness, process, and analyze data for today's marketing challenges.
Boston & Oakland
Social Innovation & Entrepreneurship
Turn your passion for social impact into innovative business solutions.
Boston Only
Supply Chain Management
Study supply chains in a global, digitized economy—and develop the skills to make them efficient, responsive, and competitive.
Combine this major with one from another Northeastern college
For a more interdisciplinary path, consider combining this major with one of the following.
Combined Major
Economics & International Business
Gain a strong foundation in economic theory while exploring how global markets, trade, and policy shape international business strategy.
Combined Major
International Affairs & International Business
Become a dynamic, forward-thinking business leader with a strong grasp of the global challenges shaping international business today.
Add an optional business minor to your course of study
Deepen your business studies with an optional minor in one of the following academic areas. Work with your academic advisor to decide if a minor will fit into your plans.
Undergraduate Minor
Consulting
Consulting skills are essential work skills for many roles beyond the traditional management consultant.
Undergraduate Minor
Emerging Markets
Study emerging markets—including the challenges, opportunities, cultural influences, and innovation potential.
Undergraduate Interdisciplinary Minor
Artificial Intelligence
Build ethical, creative, and strategic AI skills designed for every field, not just tech.
Undergraduate Minor
Managing Human Capital
Become an effective leader with the strategies and skills to attract, retain, develop, and manage employees.
Undergraduate Minor
Social Innovation & Entrepreneurship
Build interdisciplinary skills and global perspective to help solve social challenges with entrepreneurial approaches.
Undergraduate Minor
Strategy
Prepare to become a business leader with the skills, knowledge, and experience to guide the strategic focus and direction of an organization.
Undergraduate Minor
Sustainable Business Practices
Learn to integrate environmental responsibility into effective business strategies.
Explore all D'Amore-McKim minors—including those open to non-business majors—on our
full list of minors
.
Jumpstart your master's degree with a PlusOne program
Accelerate your future and reduce tuition costs by combining this major with one of the following “PlusOne” master's degrees.
Accelerated Master's
PlusOne in Accounting
Jumpstart your master's studies—developing analytics skills and specialized knowledge in audit or tax with CPA-aligned coursework.
Accelerated Master's
PlusOne in Finance
Make the leap from finance major to financial leader on a fast track to your master's degree.
Accelerated Master's
PlusOne in International Management
Fast track your master's and build the skills to manage global teams, navigate cultures, and drive strategy in today's international economy.
Explore additional experiential learning opportunities
Experience-powered learning is at the heart of a Northeastern education. Here are just a few of the opportunities open to you.
Global experiences
Student clubs
Honors programs
Bloomberg Business Lab
IDEA venture accelerator
Research & fellowships
How do I build my degree?
Choosing to major in International Business at D'Amore-McKim is just the first step in personalizing your Northeastern education. With multiple concentrations, optional minors and combined majors, accelerated master's degree programs, and transformative experiential learning opportunities, you'll strike an academic pathway that's all your own.
Experiential opportunities
Experiential learning is central to every D'Amore-McKim student's education, providing you with the opportunity to apply classroom learning and gain transformative experiences in a real-world professional context. To fulfill your business experiential learning requirements, you can pursue
co-op
or other approved options—such as vetted internships (including summer analyst roles), part-time co-ops, and Professional Practicum programs in London or Oakland. In addition, D'Amore-McKim offers students additional layered opportunities such as real-world project-based classes, involvement in academic research projects, student leadership and mentorship programs, and participation in Northeastern's innovation ecosystem.
Co-op roles are competitive and employer-selected. Students participate first-hand in the job search process with the support of a co-op advisor, which helps prepare them for their full-time job search upon graduation. While placement is not guaranteed, 95% of our students earn and complete at least one co-op before they graduate.
Current co-op opportunities include:
Boston Consulting Group
Wellington Management
Wayfair
State Street
McKinsey & Company
Learn more about co-op at Northeastern
Dive Deeper
Faculty & teaching
Co-op & plans of study
Exchange students
International Business Today
Admissions information
Change your major
Faculty & teaching
Our world-class faculty offer years of experience, forward-thinking leadership, global perspectives, and a commitment to preparing students for success in a rapidly changing business world.
Meet our International Business faculty
Explore learning objectives
Co-op & plans of study
Explore different options for your academic plan, depending on your program, co-ops, and the amount of time you're planning to take to earn your degree.
Explore plans of study
Exchange students
Our exchange student program gives international students the opportunity to complete two academic years at their home institution, then transfer to Northeastern University to complete their studies.
Find exchange student requirements
International Business Today
Made for global business professionals—and any student who hopes to work for a multinational organization in the future, this podcast produced by our IB faculty shares what's proven through research and highlights what's really working in practice.
Listen to the podcast
Admissions information
Northeastern's admissions staff are organized by student location. Please feel free to email
[email protected]
with any questions.
Contact admissions staff directly
Change your major
If you're a Northeastern undergraduate interested in transferring into this major, start by assessing whether it's the right fit for your goals and timeline. Once you're ready, you'll submit the necessary form and work with a D'Amore-McKim advisor to plan your next steps.
Learn how to change your major
Meet some of our students
More student stories
Stach Jaran
Stach Jaran Opens in Modal
Stach Jaran
Juan Rodriguez
Juan Rodriguez Opens in Modal
Juan Rodriguez
Lauren Brown
Lauren Brown Opens in Modal
Lauren Brown