URL: https://damore-mckim.northeastern.edu/programs/bs-concentration-accounting
TITLE: Accounting - D'Amore-McKim School of Business

BS Concentration
BS Concentration
Accounting
Pursue careers in the field of accounting with the financial skills, analytical expertise, and interpersonal perspectives you need.
Apply Now
Request Information
Program Details
Commitment
16 credit hours
Locations
Boston
Scroll to locations
Applicable majors
21
Scroll to majors
This program is ideal for
Students with a background in finance, math, economics, or related fields
Students with an interest in corporate accounting, finance, auditing, tax
Students looking for jobs like corporate accounting analyst or tax consultant
APPLICATION DEADLINES
application Details
tuiton & aid
November 1
Early Decision I / Early Action
January 1
Early Decision II / Regular Decision
April 1
Fall Start Transfer Applicants
Why Accounting?
Why Accounting? Opens in Modal
Why Accounting?
Why study accounting at D'Amore-McKim?
Prepare for success:
From 2016-2022, every graduate with a concentration in accounting was employed or in graduate school within nine months of finishing their degree.
Build in-demand skills:
Through courses in financial reporting, managerial accounting, and intermediate accounting, you'll gain the knowledge you need to thrive in your career and deliver value in a range of businesses.
Specialize your studies:
Elective courses in strategic cost analysis, auditing and other assurance services, income tax planning, and accounting systems allow you to create a path specific to your goals.
Become a leader in your field:
As the global marketplace becomes increasingly complex, the need for accurate financial data is critical for businesses to adapt and grow.
Locations
Boston
At our founding campus, Boston and its dynamic neighborhoods and industries will enrich your experience.
Learn more
Experiential opportunities
Experiential learning is central to every D'Amore-McKim student's education, providing you with the opportunity to apply classroom learning and gain transformative experiences in a real-world professional context. To fulfill your business experiential learning requirements, you can pursue
co-op
or other approved options—such as vetted internships (including summer analyst roles), part-time co-ops, and Professional Practicum programs in London or Oakland. In addition, D'Amore-McKim offers students additional layered opportunities such as real-world project-based classes, involvement in academic research projects, student leadership and mentorship programs, and participation in Northeastern's innovation ecosystem.
Co-op roles are competitive and employer-selected. Students participate first-hand in the job search process with the support of a co-op advisor, which helps prepare them for their full-time job search upon graduation. While placement is not guaranteed, nearly all students earn and complete at least one co-op before they graduate.
Example co-op opportunities
KPMG
EY
PwC
Deloitte
Learn more about co-op at Northeastern
You may be interested in these additional experiential opportunities
Non
Credit
Beta Alpha Psi
National honorary organization for Accounting, Finance, and Management Information Systems students and professionals.
Learn more about Beta Alpha Psi
FOR
Credit
Advanced Research Practicum
Enabling a generation of leaders in AI, data-driven business, and digital convergence.
Learn more about the practicum
Meet our students
See all student stories
Kate Madigan, from famous husky hockey family, blazes trail to top of NHL
Kate Madigan, DMSB'15, MS'15, is the first woman to serve as assistant general manager of the New Jersey Devils, becoming the sixth woman in NHL history to serve in that role.
Ashley Cummings, DMSB'08, MSA'09 was raised to help patients
Childhood memories of helping her little brother with a rare illness combined with a once-in-a-lifetime trip to Ghana to inspire Ashley Cummings, a Northeastern graduate, who created a body butter to provide relief for dry skin and eczema.
His life in sports led to COVID-19 innovation
The COVID-19 pandemic struck one year after Glen Giovanucci (DMSB'83) became chief executive officer of G-Form, a maker of protective sports gear. His company survived the crisis because he was able to lean on the leadership skills he learned from playing ice hockey at Northeastern.
Serving as managing director of the student-led mutual fund
“My experience at the 360 Huntington Fund shaped my career aspirations. The Fund's focus on investing in US public equities and managing portfolio holdings inspired me to pursue a role in investment management that combines my research background with practical investment skills.” – Isha Kulkarni, MS in Quantitative Finance'24
Dive Deeper
Concentration requirements
Faculty & learning
Student resources
Campus life
Research opportunities
Admissions questions
Concentration requirements
Find the required courses and optional electives for the Accounting concentration in our academic catalog.
Learn more about requirements
Faculty & learning
Our world-class faculty offer years of experience, forward-thinking leadership, global perspectives, and a commitment to preparing students for success in a rapidly changing business world.
Find Accounting faculty at D'Amore McKim
Student resources
Get the resources, tools, information and support you need to be your very best at the D'Amore-McKim School of Business.
Find student resources
Campus life
Living at Northeastern means being a part of a dynamic community that enriches the college experience. Find out what it's like to be a Husky.
Explore campus life
Research opportunities
Research—from laboratory work to big data analysis to archival research to collaborative projects—is a key part of experiential learning at Northeastern.
Find research opportunities
Admissions questions
Northeastern's admissions team are organized by student location. Please feel free to email
[email protected]
with any questions.
Contact Admissions
Applicable majors
Bachelor of Science
Business Administration
Develop the business skills needed in today's digital economy—powered by Northeastern's experiential learning and global network.
Bachelors of Science
International Business
Build the global business skills today's economy demands—powered by Northeastern's signature experiential learning opportunities.
Bachelor of Science
Business Administration & Law
Pursue your future at the crossroads of business and law in this core major specially designed for D'Amore-McKim students.
Combined Major
Architectural Studies & Business Administration
Blend design thinking with business expertise to shape the built environment.
Combined Major
Business Administration & Communication Studies
Integrate cutting-edge business skills with communications savvy to become a leader who thrives in today's fast-evolving industries.
Combined Major
Business Administration and Criminal Justice
Gain deep insight into the justice system while preparing to lead in fields where law, policy, and business intersect.
Combined Major
Business Administration & Design
Build essential business skills and unleash your creative potential while preparing for success in the increasingly competitive digital world.
Combined Major
Business Administration & Public Health
Pursue your goals at the intersection of business and healthcare as you prepare to transform the future of public health.
Combined Major
Business Administration & Psychology
Maximize your impact as a leader with the powerful combination of business strategy and human behavior expertise.
Combined Major
Computer Science & Business Administration
Step into the future of global leadership at the crossroads of business and computer science.
Combined Major
Cybersecurity & Business Administration
Be ready for an ever-changing digital economy with a unique combination of business savvy and cybersecurity expertise.
Combined Major
Data Science & Business Administration
Prepare to lead the way in an increasingly tech-driven economy by harnessing the power of big data and business savvy.
Combined Major
Economics & Business Administration
Study fundamental economic theories and models—and how to apply them in business settings—in our most popular combined major.
Combined Major
Economics & International Business
Gain a strong foundation in economic theory while exploring how global markets, trade, and policy shape international business strategy.
Combined Major
Health Science & Business Administration
Bring your business and health care knowledge to an evolving industry where you can make a lasting impact.
BSIE Combined Major
Industrial Engineering & Business Administration
Combine industrial engineering with business skills to lead and innovate across industries.
Combined Major
International Affairs & International Business
Become a dynamic, forward-thinking business leader with a strong grasp of the global challenges shaping international business today.
Combined Major
Mathematics & Business Administration
Build an in-demand foundation of business and finance expertise while diving deep into probability, statistics, calculus, and more.
Combined Major
Music & Business Administration
Combine your love of music with the business skills needed to thrive in the evolving global industry.
Combined Major
Political Science & Business Administration
Integrate the study of politics with a strong foundation in business, preparing you to be an effective leader in a rapidly changing world.
Combined Major
Politics, Philosophy, Economics & Business Administration
Gain a deep understanding of the social forces that impact business as you dive into the politics, ethics, and economics of business.