URL: https://damore-mckim.northeastern.edu/programs/bs-concentration-international-business
TITLE: International Business - D'Amore-McKim School of Business

BS Concentration
BS Concentration
International Business
Develop a deep understanding of how people, firms, and institutions interact within the global economy.
Apply Now
Request Information
Program Details
Commitment
16 credit hours
Locations
Boston
Scroll to locations
Applicable majors
18
Scroll to majors
This program is ideal for
Students with a background in business, economics, and international relations
Students with an interest in international business and global markets
Students looking for jobs like international business consultant or global marketing manager
APPLICATION DEADLINES
application Details
tuiton & aid
November 1
Early Decision I / Early Action
January 1
Early Decision II / Regular Decision
April 1
Fall Start Transfer Applicants
Why study international business?
Why study international business? Opens in Modal
Why study international business?
Why study international business at D'Amore-McKim?
Build in-demand skills:
As the business world becomes increasingly international, professionals with a solid understanding of international business are more in demand than ever.
Gain international business expertise:
Through your coursework, you'll gain a better understanding of international business practices, cultural factors, economic development, and more.
Specialize your path:
International Business is intended to be a second concentration to pair with your major and another concentration. Through a range of elective courses, you'll be able to specialize your path to complement your other focus areas.
Prepare for success in a range of careers:
This concentration will prepare you with the global context you need to pursue a range of careers.
Locations
Boston
At our founding campus, Boston and its dynamic neighborhoods and industries will enrich your experience.
Learn more
Experiential opportunities
Experiential learning is central to every D'Amore-McKim student's education, providing you with the opportunity to apply classroom learning and gain transformative experiences in a real-world professional context. To fulfill your business experiential learning requirements, you can pursue
co-op
or other approved options—such as vetted internships (including summer analyst roles), part-time co-ops, and Professional Practicum programs in London or Oakland. In addition, D'Amore-McKim offers students additional layered opportunities such as real-world project-based classes, involvement in academic research projects, student leadership and mentorship programs, and participation in Northeastern's innovation ecosystem.
Co-op roles are competitive and employer-selected. Students participate first-hand in the job search process with the support of a co-op advisor, which helps prepare them for their full-time job search upon graduation. While placement is not guaranteed, nearly all students earn and complete at least one co-op before they graduate.
Example co-op opportunities
BCG
Wayfair
Bain Capital
Wellington Management
Brown Brothers Harriman
Learn more about co-op at Northeastern
You may be interested in these additional experiential opportunities
Non
Credit
Center for Emerging Markets
Our leading research hub on how local and foreign firms can leverage emerging markets for the global good.
Learn more about the Center for Emerging Markets
Non
Credit
Global Markets Association
Build connections with peers, faculty, and professionals through a shared interest in the global economy and financial markets.
Learn more about Global Markets Association
Non
Credit
Global Research and Consulting Group (GRC)
International non-profit driving global social change and empowering students to become responsible global leaders.
Learn more about GRC
Non
Credit
Entrepreneurs Club
Student-led organization empowering aspiring entrepreneurs from across the university.
Learn more about the Entrepreneurs Club
Meet our students
See all student stories
Vienna coffeehouses, Mozart and art: Finance student discovers culture while developing international business skills on co-op in Austria
As an international business and affairs student who also has Austrian citizenship, co-oping in Vienna seemed like a perfect fit for Mortiz Proell, DMSB'25.
Northeastern student's passion for business and sustainability reinforced by co-op in Greece
Helena D'Alessandro, DMSB'26, co-ops in Greece.
Dive Deeper
Concentration requirements
Faculty & learning
Student resources
Campus life
Research opportunities
Admissions questions
Concentration requirements
Find the required courses and optional electives for the International Business concentration in our academic catalog.
Learn more about requirements
Faculty & learning
Our world-class faculty offer years of experience, forward-thinking leadership, global perspectives, and a commitment to preparing students for success in a rapidly changing business world.
Find International Business faculty
Student resources
Get the resources, tools, information and support you need to be your very best at the D'Amore-McKim School of Business.
Find student resources
Campus life
Living at Northeastern means being a part of a dynamic community that enriches the college experience. Find out what it's like to be a Husky.
Explore campus life
Research opportunities
Research—from laboratory work to big data analysis to archival research to collaborative projects—is a key part of experiential learning at Northeastern.
Find research opportunities
Admissions questions
Northeastern's admissions team are organized by student location. Please feel free to email
[email protected]
with any questions.
Contact Admissions
Applicable majors
Bachelor of Science
Business Administration
Develop the business skills needed in today's digital economy—powered by Northeastern's experiential learning and global network.
Bachelor of Science
Business Administration & Law
Pursue your future at the crossroads of business and law in this core major specially designed for D'Amore-McKim students.
Combined Major
Architectural Studies & Business Administration
Blend design thinking with business expertise to shape the built environment.
Combined Major
Business Administration & Communication Studies
Integrate cutting-edge business skills with communications savvy to become a leader who thrives in today's fast-evolving industries.
Combined Major
Business Administration and Criminal Justice
Gain deep insight into the justice system while preparing to lead in fields where law, policy, and business intersect.
Combined Major
Business Administration & Design
Build essential business skills and unleash your creative potential while preparing for success in the increasingly competitive digital world.
Combined Major
Business Administration & Public Health
Pursue your goals at the intersection of business and healthcare as you prepare to transform the future of public health.
Combined Major
Business Administration & Psychology
Maximize your impact as a leader with the powerful combination of business strategy and human behavior expertise.
Combined Major
Computer Science & Business Administration
Step into the future of global leadership at the crossroads of business and computer science.
Combined Major
Cybersecurity & Business Administration
Be ready for an ever-changing digital economy with a unique combination of business savvy and cybersecurity expertise.
Combined Major
Data Science & Business Administration
Prepare to lead the way in an increasingly tech-driven economy by harnessing the power of big data and business savvy.
Combined Major
Economics & Business Administration
Study fundamental economic theories and models—and how to apply them in business settings—in our most popular combined major.
Combined Major
Health Science & Business Administration
Bring your business and health care knowledge to an evolving industry where you can make a lasting impact.
BSIE Combined Major
Industrial Engineering & Business Administration
Combine industrial engineering with business skills to lead and innovate across industries.
Combined Major
Mathematics & Business Administration
Build an in-demand foundation of business and finance expertise while diving deep into probability, statistics, calculus, and more.
Combined Major
Music & Business Administration
Combine your love of music with the business skills needed to thrive in the evolving global industry.
Combined Major
Political Science & Business Administration
Integrate the study of politics with a strong foundation in business, preparing you to be an effective leader in a rapidly changing world.
Combined Major
Politics, Philosophy, Economics & Business Administration
Gain a deep understanding of the social forces that impact business as you dive into the politics, ethics, and economics of business.