URL: https://damore-mckim.northeastern.edu/programs/bs-concentration-finance
TITLE: Finance - D'Amore-McKim School of Business

BS Concentration
BS Concentration
Finance
Build a strong foundation in finance and strategic thinking to make informed decisions in today’s complex business world.
Apply now
Program Details
Commitment
16 credit hours
Locations
Boston, Oakland
Scroll to locations
Applicable majors
21
Scroll to majors
This program is ideal for
Students with a background in math, economics, accounting, business
Students with an interest in financial markets and investment strategies
Students looking for jobs like investment banker or financial analyst
APPLICATION DEADLINES
application Details
tuiton & aid
November 1
Early Decision I / Early Action
January 1
Early Decision II / Regular Decision
April 1
Fall Start Transfer Applicants
Why study finance?
Why study finance? Opens in Modal
Why study finance?
Why study finance at D'Amore-McKim?
Build in-demand skills:
Trends like rising securities prices, fluctuating inflation, currency values and interest rates, and globalization have made professionals with financial knowledge more in demand than ever before.
Specialize your studies:
Focus on corporate finance, investment management and analysis, risk management, or real estate to specialize your path based on your goals.
Choose from a range of electives:
Elective courses in international finance, financial innovation, behavioral finance, and more allow you to dive deeper into your interests.
Find success with top employers:
Our graduates go on to work for leading companies like Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Deloitte, PwC, KPMG, and other top employers.
Locations
Boston
At our founding campus, Boston and its dynamic neighborhoods and industries will enrich your experience.
Learn more
Oakland
Study in the entrepreneurial Bay Area and join a community of innovators ready to make an impact.
Learn more
Experiential opportunities
Experiential learning is central to every D'Amore-McKim student's education, providing you with the opportunity to apply classroom learning and gain transformative experiences in a real-world professional context. To fulfill your business experiential learning requirements, you can pursue
co-op
or other approved options—such as vetted internships (including summer analyst roles), part-time co-ops, and Professional Practicum programs in London or Oakland. In addition, D'Amore-McKim offers students additional layered opportunities such as real-world project-based classes, involvement in academic research projects, student leadership and mentorship programs, and participation in Northeastern's innovation ecosystem.
Co-op roles are competitive and employer-selected. Students participate first-hand in the job search process with the support of a co-op advisor, which helps prepare them for their full-time job search upon graduation. While placement is not guaranteed, nearly all students earn and complete at least one co-op before they graduate.
Example co-op opportunities
BCG
Wellington Management
State Street
Bain Capital
Learn more about co-op at Northeastern
You may be interested in these additional experiential opportunities
Non
Credit
Finance and Investment Club
Supports the development of future financial professionals in their field, in the university, and in the community at large.
Learn more about the Finance and Investment Club
Non
Credit
Student Value Fund
The premier value-oriented, student-run investment fund at Northeastern, with ~$290k in assets under management.
Learn more about the Student Value Fund
Non
Credit
NEU Blockchain
Learn about cryptocurrency and blockchain technology through hands-on research on Northeastern's campus.
Learn more about NEU Blockchain
NON
Credit
Northeastern University Real Estate Club (NURE)
Students, faculty, and alumni interested in learning more about real estate related topics.
Learn more about NURE
Meet our students
See all student stories
Northeastern grads' startup BusRight gets $7M boost in venture capital investment
Keith Corso, DMSB'21, and Neil Bhammar, DMSB'22, are both former presidents of the Northeastern Entrepreneurship Club. The company plans to use the funding to double their team to 40 members and expand their offerings.
On vacation and need to rent a scooter? How a startup is connecting tourists with equipment, adventures and local knowledge
Madison Rifkin, DMSB'21 creates a startup aimed at connecting tourists with short-term rental accommodations.
African music has exploded globally, Universal Music CEO tells audience at Northeastern's Global Leadership Summit
Manit Ghogar, DMSB'17, Young Global Leader, sat down for a conversation with Dlamini during Northeastern's Global Leadership Summit in Accra
Dive Deeper
Concentration requirements
Faculty & learning
Student resources
Campus life
Research opportunities
Admissions questions
Concentration requirements
Find the required courses and optional electives for the Finance concentration in our academic catalog.
Learn more about requirements
Faculty & learning
Our world-class faculty offer years of experience, forward-thinking leadership, global perspectives, and a commitment to preparing students for success in a rapidly changing business world.
Find Finance faculty
Student resources
Get the resources, tools, information and support you need to be your very best at the D'Amore-McKim School of Business.
Find student resources
Campus life
Living at Northeastern means being a part of a dynamic community that enriches the college experience. Find out what it's like to be a Husky.
Explore campus life
Research opportunities
Research—from laboratory work to big data analysis to archival research to collaborative projects—is a key part of experiential learning at Northeastern.
Find research opportunities
Admissions questions
Northeastern's admissions team are organized by student location. Please feel free to email
[email protected]
with any questions.
Contact Admissions
Applicable majors
Bachelor of Science
Business Administration
Develop the business skills needed in today's digital economy—powered by Northeastern's experiential learning and global network.
Bachelors of Science
International Business
Build the global business skills today's economy demands—powered by Northeastern's signature experiential learning opportunities.
Bachelor of Science
Business Administration & Law
Pursue your future at the crossroads of business and law in this core major specially designed for D'Amore-McKim students.
Combined Major
Architectural Studies & Business Administration
Blend design thinking with business expertise to shape the built environment.
Combined Major
Business Administration & Communication Studies
Integrate cutting-edge business skills with communications savvy to become a leader who thrives in today's fast-evolving industries.
Combined Major
Business Administration and Criminal Justice
Gain deep insight into the justice system while preparing to lead in fields where law, policy, and business intersect.
Combined Major
Business Administration & Design
Build essential business skills and unleash your creative potential while preparing for success in the increasingly competitive digital world.
Combined Major
Business Administration & Public Health
Pursue your goals at the intersection of business and healthcare as you prepare to transform the future of public health.
Combined Major
Business Administration & Psychology
Maximize your impact as a leader with the powerful combination of business strategy and human behavior expertise.
Combined Major
Computer Science & Business Administration
Step into the future of global leadership at the crossroads of business and computer science.
Combined Major
Cybersecurity & Business Administration
Be ready for an ever-changing digital economy with a unique combination of business savvy and cybersecurity expertise.
Combined Major
Data Science & Business Administration
Prepare to lead the way in an increasingly tech-driven economy by harnessing the power of big data and business savvy.
Combined Major
Economics & Business Administration
Study fundamental economic theories and models—and how to apply them in business settings—in our most popular combined major.
Combined Major
Economics & International Business
Gain a strong foundation in economic theory while exploring how global markets, trade, and policy shape international business strategy.
Combined Major
Health Science & Business Administration
Bring your business and health care knowledge to an evolving industry where you can make a lasting impact.
BSIE Combined Major
Industrial Engineering & Business Administration
Combine industrial engineering with business skills to lead and innovate across industries.
Combined Major
International Affairs & International Business
Become a dynamic, forward-thinking business leader with a strong grasp of the global challenges shaping international business today.
Combined Major
Mathematics & Business Administration
Build an in-demand foundation of business and finance expertise while diving deep into probability, statistics, calculus, and more.
Combined Major
Music & Business Administration
Combine your love of music with the business skills needed to thrive in the evolving global industry.
Combined Major
Political Science & Business Administration
Integrate the study of politics with a strong foundation in business, preparing you to be an effective leader in a rapidly changing world.
Combined Major
Politics, Philosophy, Economics & Business Administration
Gain a deep understanding of the social forces that impact business as you dive into the politics, ethics, and economics of business.