URL: https://damore-mckim.northeastern.edu/undergraduate-programs/other-majors
TITLE: Undergraduate Programs - D'Amore-McKim School of Business

Undergraduate Programs
At D'Amore-McKim, your education begins with a strong business foundation and grows through transformative experiences. Deepen your expertise with concentrations, minors, and other curricular options—crossing intellectual and geographic borders through interdisciplinary study and global opportunities. Build skills and gain professional experience on co-op and across Northeastern's global university system. Shape a path that's uniquely your own.
Your path—powered by experience
Atop our flagship majors—Business Administration & International Business—you'll find many ways to shape your business education at D'Amore-McKim. Choose from in-demand business concentrations, minors, combined majors, accelerated master's degrees, and numerous global learning opportunities. All powered by our signature fusion of academics and experience.
And now with more options emerging across Northeastern's growing global campus network, you'll find even more flexibility to build an education that reflects your goals, interests, and ambitions.
Explore the options here and craft a business degree that's uniquely yours.
Determine your degree program
Our students don't just follow a path, they create one. With the support of a dedicated academic advisor and a co-op advisor, every student designs their unique academic and experiential learning journey.
Start by selecting one of our future-focused core majors:
Business Administration
;
International Business
; or
Business Administration & Law
, specially designed for D'Amore-McKim students.
Consider combining the BSBA or BSIB with a major offered through another Northeastern college.
Select from 17 in-demand business concentrations and numerous specialized minors to focus your studies.
Plan ahead with your advisor to earn an accelerated “PlusOne” master's degree.
Make your global learning experience plan
Our students develop a global mindset through location-powered learning.
Global mobility options built into the D'Amore-McKim academic planning process
Semester In and Summer In programs
in London and Oakland for industry-immersive experiences
Study Abroad
partnerships simplify the academic fit and amplify the cultural experience
Global co-op opportunities
to gain international work experience
Dialogue of Civilizations programs
for intensive academics paired with cultural learning
Select your experiential learning opportunities
Build your network and career readiness across all four years.
First-year experiential learning
to jumpstart your professional development
Co-op program
now includes vetted internship and summer analyst roles
Professional Practicum
programs in London and Oakland guaranteed resume-worthy project experience
Experience-powered classes
where you solve real-world business challenges
Research opportunities
with faculty mentors and research practicum courses
Innovation ecosystem participation
through IDEA, Husky Startup Challenge, and Women's Interdisciplinary Society of Entrepreneurship
Student leadership roles
through student organizations and peer mentor programs
Build your lifelong learning ethos
Develop a growth mindset and upskill in frontier technologies and professional areas.
Post-graduate pathways
including certificates, +1 programs, and Double Husky degrees
DMSB Digital Badges
in Leveraging AI for Business, Leading with CARE, and more
Industry certifications
including Bloomberg, Marketo, Wall Street Prep, and more
Career Launchpad Module & Badge
for first-year professional development
Peer & Alumni mentorship programs
for ongoing career guidance
Browse undergraduate programs
Scroll left
BS in Business Administration
BS in Business Administration
BS in International Business
Other Majors
Minors
Scroll right
One of D'Amore-McKim's flagship majors, the BS in Business Administration gives you a strong foundation in business and the flexibility to focus your studies through one or two concentrations. You can also accelerate your education by pairing the BSBA with one of our PlusOne master's programs.
Showing results for:
BS in Business Administration
One of D'Amore-McKim's flagship majors, the BS in International Business builds a strong foundation in global business and allows you to tailor your studies through one or two concentrations. You can also accelerate your education by pairing the BSIB with one of our PlusOne master's programs.
Showing results for:
BS in International Business
D'Amore-McKim offers a range of interdisciplinary business majors that let you explore the intersections of business and fields like design, communication, law, and more. These programs open doors to unique career opportunities at the crossroads of business and your other passions.
Showing results for:
Other Majors
All undergraduate minors available to both business and non-business majors.
Showing results for:
Minors