URL: https://www.business.rutgers.edu/admissions/scholarships
TITLE: MBA & Specialty Master Programs Scholarships | Rutgers Business School

MBA & Specialty Master Programs Scholarships
Full-Time MBA Program
Scholarships are offered by the graduate admissions office to full-time MBA applicants who meet the requirements and metrics of each scholarship fund at the time of admission. No separate application is needed.
Part-Time MBA Program
Scholarships are offered by the graduate admissions office to part-time MBA applicants upon completing at least four semesters in the program and having a strong GPA. Fill out and submit the
Part-Time MBA scholarship application
prior to the posted deadline. The scholarships for part-time MBA students are available for the fall and spring terms only.
MBA in Professional Accounting Program
Scholarships are only offered in the third semester to students with a high GPA at RBS and service to the Professional Accounting class. The program director will nominate the candidates.
Online MS Supply Chain Management Program
Scholarships are available to incoming students who demonstrate commitment to
Sustainability/ the Triple Bottom Line
in his or her career. The Triple Bottom Line aims to measure the financial, social, and environmental performance of organizations, essentially their impact on profit, people, and the planet. As a program, we are committed to instilling in our students the importance of all three.
In order to apply for the scholarship, please submit (1) an essay discussing aspects of your career (a specific project, initiative, or position) that focuses on at least two of the three bottom lines. To qualify, (2) you must also submit your GRE or GMAT score. Please submit the essay and a record of your GRE or GMAT score to
mscm@business.rutgers.edu
.
Online MS Digital Marketing Program
There are a limited number of scholarships awarded to the most outstanding applicants to the program. All applicants are considered for the scholarship and a separate scholarship application is not required. Scholarships are awarded by committee decision and take into consideration the entire application,
however preference will be given to students who submit an optional fourth essay and their GMAT/GRE scores as part of their application package
. Scholarship recipients will be notified prior to the start of the semester.
Master of Quantitative Finance, Master of Financial Analysis, Master of Healthcare Analytics and Intelligence and Master of Supply Chain Analytics Programs
There are a limited number of scholarships are awarded to the most outstanding applicants to the program. All applicants are considered for the scholarship and a separate scholarship application is not required. Scholarships are awarded by committee decision and take into consideration the entire application, not just test scores or GPA. The decision on scholarship is made at the same time that the admission decision is made.
Master of Science in Business of Fashion (MSBF) Scholarships
1. MSBF Merit Scholarship for candidates with exceptional academic excellence and a postgraduate degree:
This scholarship ranges from $500-$7,500K and is awarded to a student demonstrating academic excellence in their previous studies with exceptional academic ability and rigor. Awardees must have completed at least a 2-year advanced degree after completing a 4-year undergraduate degree.
This scholarship will only be awarded in years when exceptionally qualified candidates fitting the MSBF vision are found.
2. MSBF Merit Scholarship for Accomplished Designers with outstanding records from rigorous undergraduate degrees at well-regarded art/design universities:
This scholarship ranges from $500-$7,500K and is awarded to an established, accomplished designer with a well-regarded design company and exceptional design ability. This need not be fashion design. Awardees must have an exceptional academic record from a renowned design /fashion or art school. This scholarship will only be awarded in years when exceptionally qualified candidates fitting the MSBF vision are found.
3. MSBF Merit Scholarship for FIT faculty seeking the MSBF degree:
This scholarship ranges from $500-$7,500K and is awarded to a faculty member at FIT seeking the RBS MSBF degree. Awardees must have an exceptional record in industry and/or teaching at FIT, Parsons or similarly ranked art/design university with a proven track record. This scholarship will only be awarded in years when exceptionally qualified candidates fitting the MSBF vision are found.
We will make the decision on these scholarships as we
extend acceptance offers to applicants.
We admit students first come, first served.
4. MSBF Merit Scholarship for International Candidates with Exceptional Academic Excellence:
This scholarship ranges from $500-$7,500K and is awarded to an international student demonstrating academic excellence in their previous studies with exceptional academic ability and rigor. Awardees must have completed a 4-year undergraduate degree.
5. Center for Business of Fashion Merit Scholarship for Rutgers Business School Graduates who Successfully Completed RBS Business of Fashion Minor/Concentration with Exceptional Academic Excellence:
Awards would range from $500–$7,500 and be granted only in years with outstanding candidates who satisfy the above conditions and align with the MSBF vision. We could consider giving multiple awards in years when there are more than one recipient.
6. MSBF Merit Scholarship for FIT Baker School Graduating Senior:
This scholarship ranges from $500-$7,500K and is awarded to a Fashion Institute of Technology Baker School student graduating in the same calendar year as the admissions date. In order to qualify for consideration, students must demonstrate academic excellence with exceptional academic ability and rigor, and also be competitively meritorious in other areas critical to the program. This scholarship will only be awarded in years when exceptionally qualified candidates fitting the MSBF vision are found.
Master of Information Technology and Analytics (MITA)
Newly admitted students to the MITA program are eligible for scholarship consideration. Please fill out and submit the
MITA Scholarship Application
along with your GMAT or GRE score.
Master in Marketing Analytics and Insights
Newly admitted students to the MS Marketing Analytics and Insights program are eligible for scholarship consideration. Please fill out and submit the
MS Marketing Analytics and Insights Scholarship Application
along with your GMAT or GRE score.
The Scholarship Fund
is supported by gifts from alumni, friends, and corporations provides financial support, in varying amounts, to graduate students at Rutgers Business School based on financial need and academic potential. In addition to this general fund, the following annual and endowed scholarship funds have been established at RBS with the private support of individuals, foundations, and corporations.
Scholarships, Fellowships, and Partnerships
Christina Dymsza Memorial Scholarship
The scholarship fund was established by Professor William Dymsza and family in memory of their daughter, Christine. The award is given to a student with high academic potential and financial need.
Daniel I. Kessler Memorial Scholarship
This scholarship honors Daniel I. Kessler, founder and late president of Unishops Inc. and is awarded to a New Jersey resident who seeks an advanced degree in business administration and demonstrates financial need.
Division of Professional Accounting Class of 1959 Scholarship Fund
This scholarship was established by members of the Professional Accounting Class of 1959 to provide support to students enrolled in the MBA Professional Accounting program.
Friends of GSBA Endowed Scholarship Fund
This scholarship fund was established in 1975 with a gift of stock from Leon Hess to support graduate students at Rutgers Business School.
George R. Esterly Memorial Scholarship
This scholarship was established by a campaign of individual gifts organized by the Rutgers Business School Alumni Association to honor former Dean George R. Esterly who served from 1935 to 1964.  Awards are made to graduates of New Jersey high schools with outstanding undergraduate records of academic achievement, extra-curricular activities and financial need.
Horace J. and Carolyn DePodwin Scholarship
This scholarship established by Horace J. DePodwin, who served as Dean from 1966 to 1982, provides financial assistance to Part-Time MBA students who do not receive tuition reimbursement from their employers.
J. David Parkinson Endowed Fellowship
This endowed fellowship established by J. David Parkinson (SB'51), Chairman of the Board, Thomas & Betts Corporation, provides financial assistance to full time graduate students based on academic merit and financial need.
Jacob C. Abramson Memorial Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship was established in memory of Jacob C. Abramson and provides financial aid in support of students in the MBA in Professional Accounting program.
Joel E. Kelly Memorial Endowed Scholarship
Established in memory of Joel E. Kelly (EMBA'94) by alumni and friends of the program, this scholarship provides financial assistance to full time first year graduate students.  The recipients must demonstrate leadership ability, citizenship, and social awareness in his/her community.
Marcus and Cecilia Nadler Leaders Fellowship
Established by the late Prof. Paul Nadler, in honor of his parents, this scholarship is awarded to students based on their academic performance and substantial potential for leadership in their professions and at Rutgers Business School.
Pharmaceutical Industry Scholars Program
A select number of MBA students are selected each year to participate in the prestigious Rutgers Business School Pharmaceutical Industry Scholars Program.  This program provides students full tuition and an internship opportunity.
Robert and Frances Kaplan Endowed Scholarship
Established by the Rutgers Business School Alumni Association and friends of Robert and Frances Kaplan, this scholarship provides financial assistance to undergraduate and graduate students based on financial need.
Robert E. Campbell Endowed Fellowship
This endowed fellowship, established by Robert E. Campbell (MBA'62), provides financial assistance to Full-Time or Part-Time MBA students based on academic merit and/or financial need.
Rutgers Business School 75th Anniversary Endowed Scholarship Fund
This endowed scholarship was established by alumni and friends of the school in recognition of the school's 75th anniversary to provide financial assistance to undergraduate and graduate students.
Samuel Klein Scholarship Fund
Established by family and friends of Samuel Klein, senior partner of Samuel Klein & Company, this scholarship supports students in the Professional Accounting program based on financial need and academic potential.
Sean Simon Williams Endowed Scholarship
This scholarship fund is being established in memory of Sean Simon Williams by his beloved family and friends. Sean thoroughly enjoyed his time at Rutgers Business School and believed that his experience in the MBA program helped him chart a new professional course in his life. His family and friends are honoring his memory by creating the scholarship fund which they hope will allow other students to pursue new, exciting professional paths.
Recipients are to be selected among full-time graduate students based on financial need as determined by the Office of Financial Aid and University rules in effect on the date of the award. Qualified students must submit the appropriate University-approved financial aid form each year to be eligible for an award. Students should be enrolled in the MBA program at RBS.
Serkes Family Endowed Fellowship
This endowed fellowship was established by Jeffrey D. Serkes (MBA'82) to provide financial assistance to Full-Time or Part-Time MBA students based on financial need.
The Joyce and Leslie Goodman Endowed Scholarship Fund
This endowed fellowship fund was established by Leslie (RC'65, MBA'70, CLAW'80) and Joyce (DC'79) Goodman to provide tuition assistance to MBA students who have earned an undergraduate degree from either Douglass College or Rutgers College with a GPA of 3.4 or higher.
The Sales Executive Club of New Jersey Foundation Fellowship
This annual grant provides scholarships to students with a GPA of 3.0 and higher with a declared intent to pursue a concentration in Marketing in the MBA program. Interested students are asked to submit a short essay outlining their background, future goals, and long term intentions in the field of marketing.
William & Helen Von Minden Scholarship
This scholarship provides need-based scholarship assistance to students in the MBA in Professional Accounting program. This scholarship honors the memory of William Von Minden, founder of the Professional Accounting program, and his wife Helen.  The funds are derived from donations made by various certified public accounting firms, alumni, and friends of the program.