URL: https://www.business.rutgers.edu/admissions/supply-chain-certificate
TITLE: SCM Thought Leader Certificate | Rutgers Business School

SCM Thought Leader Certificate
Rutgers Business School’s
Center for Supply Chain Management
announce a three-day virtual certificate program developed in cooperation with leading industry experts. This exciting program covers the significant aspects of supply chain management, including strategy, sourcing and procurement, logistics, operations, and organizational alignment. Learn how to execute a strategic supply chain management plan that is grounded in today’s business needs for competitive effectiveness and operations efficiency.
Supply chain management is a business integrating process used to create and sustain a competitive advantage based on the delivery to customers of basic (expected) and value-added (unexpected) services. SCM is led by senior line executives (internal and external) who work together seeking to optimize information, product service, and cash flows from the purchase of raw materials to the delivery and disposal of finished products. Correctly implemented SCM will achieve significant strategic objectives in productivity and quality improvements, cost reductions, development of innovative services, and productive internal and external relationships.
Program Highlights
Principles of supply chain strategy and how to link them to business strategy
Why SCM must be implemented as a multifunctional process
Aligning resources and organizations for effective management of the supply chain
How to track performance over your supply chain
A full range of world-class SCM benefits—beyond cost reduction
Considerations in managing more effective internal and external relationships
How sourcing and procurement affect the bottom line
Best practices for managing your suppliers
The green supply chain
Challenges that result from the globalization of supply chains
Current trends in operations and logistics management
Transportation issues
How to implement strategies that help your supply chain make and deliver your products to the market faster, better and cheaper—all in a highly cost-effective manner
What makes Rutgers' Certificate Program unique and vital?
Receive a complete “end-to-end” view of the SCM strategy. Sourcing and procurement, logistics, operations, strategy, and organizational alignment.
This program focuses on communicating practical lessons in supply chain strategy and implementation. Professionals should expect to take away actionable and proven ideas for application tailored to their business.
Rutgers faculty members, with well-established research records, are carefully selected as seminar leaders based on their areas of expertise and experience.
The presenters are senior corporate executives with extensive practical experience in the management of the supply chain.
As a major research university, certificate are meaningful and give qualified participants a competitive edge after completing all modules of the program.
Application Deadline
Winter 2023
Dates: January 10 - 12, 2023
8:30am-5:30pm
Tuition Fee
: $1,999
Register
SCM Course Description
Included are some of the focus areas, descriptions, and learning objects of some of the topics taught in this SCM Thought leadership Certification.
View SCM Thought Leadership Certificate Areas of Focus
Please note new classes may be added or current courses eliminated according to the current market conditions:
AI and Machine Learning – Building an Autonomous Supply Chain
This session will provide an overview and approach to the fundamentals of implementing AI in your supply chain. An exploration of the supply chain areas utilizing AI and Machine Learning, the elements needed to make it successful, and the business value brought to an organization.
Blockchain Technology
This session is an overview of the possibilities and limitations of Blockchain technology. This course helps participants understand the way new financial technologies operate and how they affect the global market and future organizational transactions.
Digital Supply Chain – Robotic Process Automation in the Supply Chain
This session will provide an overview and approach of what qualifies as a good automation project and how to identify good automation projects in the company. We will share a step-by-step process, including the change management process of how we approach automation in the Supply Chain. Lastly, we want to show how these changes will add value to the business.
E-Commerce Supply Chain
This course focuses on Business proficiency at all operational concentrations for eCommerce success. Participants learn about distributing products and services to navigate supply and demand, inventory tracking, order management, and customer delivery at the appropriate season.
End to End Lean Thinking
This session provides an overview of the fundamentals of six sigma, lean manufacturing, and other essential tools and strategies to improve business processes' performance. Through case studies, team exercises, and simulations, students will practice solving business problems and improve operations using these powerful tools. Topics covered will include six sigma improvement methodology and tools, lean thinking tools and approaches, process mapping, dashboards, and other business improvement techniques. Participants will also understand the strategic importance of business improvement, the need for fact-based management, and how to deploy these tools in different parts of the value chain.
Greening the Supply Chain; Utilizing the Supply Chain for Environmental and Bottom-line Performance Excellence
This course shares global experiences and examples of comprehensive organizational environmental sustainability and archaeological criteria integrated into the supply chain management/procurement process, decision making of public and private agencies, organizations, and corporate entities that can improve financial and environmental performance. Additionally, this course addresses ethics, social regeneration, resource/waste impacts, and economic development concerns. This session allows the participants to partake in applied research projects that include designing supply chain management and procurement systems and products, which address environmental, social, and ethical considerations in organizational and corporate policy, program, and reporting. RBS offers this course in a regular semester; therefore, this session is only an overview.
Improving Supply Chain Operations and Business Values Using Analytics
Data analytics have been changing the way how supply chains are managed. It presents tremendous opportunities to visit/revisit many design and operations problems in the supply chain using analytics. This session discusses different analytics levels and their applications in supply chains, including predictive analytics, prescriptive analytics, and artificial intelligence. It aims to generate discussions on how analytics can be used in various systems to improve baselines and drive business values.
Logistics Service Segmentation Strategies
This section includes an introduction to the operational and marketing perspectives of service management. Explore the nature of services in the real business world and learn critical concepts of designing, managing, and supporting a service enterprise.
Maximizing Performance Returns through Superior Supplier Relations
All companies in today's competitive global marketplace face unprecedented pressures to create both shareholder and customer value. A superior procurement and strategic sourcing process can increase shareholder returns by up to 15 percent while improving the customer's level of service. The material focuses on the fundamental tools, techniques, sourcing strategies, and processes used by world-class firms. The course material includes case studies connecting the practices so that participants have a deeper understanding of procurement sourcing positions at global firms.
Overview of Procurement and Supply Management
This program provides an overview of Supply Chain Management (SCM), defining its role in a firm's overall business strategy. It provides participants with a comprehensive overview of a supply chain's business processes and activities, including sourcing, procurement, sales, operations planning, distribution, and demand management. The emphasis is on identifying the SCM-related business processes, problems encountered in practice, and the new challenges are confronting SCM practitioners. It combines SCM business knowledge with analytical thinking and problem-solving. It serves as a roadmap to subsequent in-depth courses on SCM related topics.
Response and Recovery in the Face of Supply Chain Disruptions (exercise)
Properly addressing risks and facing possible disruptions are of primary importance to supply chains. In the wake of high consequence, disruptive events, risk identification, and disruption response activities have become more critical. The session's objective is to provide an overview of key supply chain risk areas, particularly with the proliferation of outsourcing, use of technology, and global logistics. Equally important is how companies manage the preparation, mitigation, and response strategies to major disruptive events. Topics covered include vulnerability and threat assessments, resources and capabilities identification/integration, essential crisis management, contingency planning, disaster recovery, and business continuity in supply chain settings. Scenario-based experiments (table-top exercises) will provide mock situations where students will decide how to handle supply chain disruptions.
Supply Chain Finance through Global Agility
Senior executives of leading companies understand the supply chain's value as a critical driver of shareholder value. The supply chain consists of the firm's assets, including inventory, approximately 60% to 70% of the cost. It is the foundation for generating revenue by providing outstanding product availability. As Supply Chain organizations evolve from the back office tactical operations into strategic functions that drive bottom-line profitability and enterprise value, it is becoming increasingly important for supply chain professionals to engage as business partners and "speak the language" of the CFO. It is no longer sufficient for the supply chain organizations to assure continuous supply and drive down costs. Inside world-class organizations, the supply chain function is viewed by senior leadership as a critical success factor in achieving optimal "financial health" reflected on the P&L, balance sheet, and funds flow statements. It is imperative that the supply chain professional understands the financial impacts of the decisions and actions and is adept at "pulling the right levers" to improve its economic scorecard.
Supply chain resiliency in Transportation
This session included the following subjects:
Where to source from and why, contingency plans, costs
AI In Transportation
Use cases, consumer/customer expectations from transportation vendors
COVID 19 Vaccination in Transportation
Use cases, consumer/customer expectations from transportation vendors
Visibility in Supply Chain moves
Needs, Just in time inventory
Supplier Diversity and Sustainability
These sessions help participants understand the purchasing, management relationship, significant value, best practices, and supplier diversity processes. Supplier diversity metrics are discussed and developed to improve the performance of various organizations.
Program Acknowledgements
Rutgers Business School's Center for Supply Chain Management could not have made this program possible without the generous support and cooperation of our member companies. We gratefully acknowledge their unique contribution in the areas of course content, agenda, and lecture presentations. Our sponsors include:
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc.
Bayer HealthCare
Becton Dickinson
BDO, USA LLC
Coca-Cola
Dell
Deloitte Consulting LLP
Johnson & Johnson
LCV Blockchain Management, LLC
Marotta Controls Inc.
MAZARS USA LLP
Merck
Monument Chemical
Panasonic
Pfizer
PSE&G
Reckitt Benckiser
Schindler Elevator
UPS
Verizon
Questions?
Please contact the Center for Supply Chain Management at 973-353-1218 or
cscm@business.rutgers.edu
E-mail