URL: https://www.business.rutgers.edu/undergraduate-newark
TITLE: Undergraduate Program in Newark | Rutgers Business School

Undergraduate Program in Newark
Top 5
North American Undergraduate Supply Chain Programs,
Gartner
(2024)
Top 5
for Social Mobility in the U.S.,
U.S. News & World Report
(2024)
Top 10
Best Bang for the Buck in the Northeast U.S.,
Washington Monthly
(2023)
View Admissions Events
The Student Experience
Students in the Rutgers Business School- Undergraduate Newark programs are driven, passionate, and possess a grit that enables them to strive for their dreams. First-generation college students, transfer students, veterans, adult learners, differently-abled students, and a multitude of ethnic and racial backgrounds are the foundation of this community and make up the diverse population of the campus.
Rutgers University – Newark is a national leader in diversity, committed to serving the magnificent mosaic of New Jersey and the nation having been ranked top 3 in diversity since 1997 by
U.S. News & World Report.
A top driver of student success is the opportunity to get involved in student organizations. From career-driven organizations to special interest groups, students can find a place to connect with peers, expand their network, and gain lifelong friendships.
School News
New graduate heading to Wall Street
School News
Preparing students for careers as working professionals
School News
RBS Voices: Empowered by movement, student creates a safe space, some solace in solidarity
Undergraduate Admissions
Find out more about the undergraduate admissions process and important deadlines.
Learn About the Admissions Process
Learn where diversity and opportunity thrive.
Since 1929, Rutgers Business School has been revolutionizing business education. At Rutgers Business School Newark, diversity and opportunity are at the core of your experience. With our close proximity to New York City and a strong alumni network, our students are recruited by top global companies in New Jersey and New York City. And since Rutgers is a public university, you see a better return-on-investment for your future.
Career Ready
Rutgers Business School is uniquely positioned to ensure support for undergraduate students as they map the path to their career. The Office of Career Management was established specifically to help business school students navigate the job market and position themselves as top candidates for internship and full-time opportunities.
Students gain access to exclusive resources, workshops, and programs that connect them to notable employers in various industries. Through a career preparation course, RBS students have a competitive advantage and are prepared with the tools and transferrable skills to land their dream job.
Top Undergraduate Employers
Discover Your Career Path, Strengthen Your Skillset
Choose Your Major
Accounting
Accounting Honors
Finance
Leadership and Management
Management Information Systems
Marketing
Marketing (Online Program)
Supply Chain Management
Supply Chain Management (Online Program)
Learn More
Choose Your Concentration
Business of Fashion
Entrepreneurship
Global Business
Leadership Skills
Management Science and Information Systems
Professional Selling
Real Estate
Supply Chain Management
Learn More
Optimal Location
Rutgers Newark is an intimate urban campus in the heart of a growing city and next door to the financial capital of the world. The Newark campus is known for its tight-knit community with an international flavor. Partnerships with top global companies in New Jersey and New York bring added value to the student experience and opportunities for direct collaboration and hands-on learning.
Many students commute to classes because of Newark’s easy access to NJ Transit and Amtrak trains, major highways, and the Path train to New York--only a 20-minute ride. Students who live on campus take advantage of Newark’s growing arts and entertainment scene, campus life, sports, and recreation.
Program Benefits
Mentoring Programs
The RBS mentoring programs are designed to facilitate meaningful mentoring relationships. Explore the programs offered by the Office of Mentoring Programs to find the one that best fits your professional and academic journey.
Learn About Mentoring
Road to Success Programs
Rutgers Business School's Road to Success Programs (
Road to Wall Street
,
Road to CPA
, and
Road to Silicon Valley
) provide a roadmap, tools, and support for students to navigate these industries. Students who participate in these programs develop the skills and acumen to thrive in some of the most challenging and upcoming areas of business.
Learn about Road to Success
Undergraduate Admissions
Find out more about the undergraduate admissions process and important deadlines.
Learn About the Admissions Process
Explore More
School News
A student's passion for marketing leads to full-time role at Google
School News
Sophomore’s Rutgers fight song project snags Big Ten prize
Business Insights
Thought Leadership: When Time Becomes the Intervention
Are you currently enrolled?
If you are a student currently enrolled in the Undergraduate Newark program, find out more information about your program on the myRBS website.
Go to myRBS
Visit
Contact Us
Apply