URL: https://www.business.rutgers.edu/visit/livingston
TITLE: Livingston | Rutgers Business School

Livingston
Play Video
We are located at
100 Rockafeller Road, Piscataway, NJ 08854
, across the parking lot from the Rutgers Athletic Center (RAC). If you're having trouble finding our building after you've followed the directions below, please call the Rutgers information center at 732-445-INFO (4636).
From New Jersey Turnpike (North or South)
Turn off at Exit 9, bear right after the tollbooths and follow signs for "Route 18 North - New Brunswick." Stay to the left to continue on Route 18 North.
Proceed along Route 18 North, crossing the Raritan River (approximately 3.7 miles). Continue on Route 18 North.
Take the second exit, which is marked "Metlars Lane, Livingston Campus, Rutgers RAC." Make a right onto Avenue E before the light.
Take the first left which is Hospital Road. Proceed down Hospital Road past the Rutgers Athletic Center. Visitors without Rutgers hang-tags may park in the Green or Yellow Lot. Both the Green and Yellow lots are on the other side of the Rutgers Athletic Center under the solar panels.
After parking in the Green or Yellow Lot, you must walk back toward the Rutgers Athletic Center (the RAC) to access the business school building. The business school building is across from the RAC.
Please give yourself enough time to park and walk as it is about a 10 minute walk to the building from the Green and Yellow parking lots.
* The Green and Yellow Lots are the only lots where you will not be ticketed for not having the proper Rutgers parking permit for
RBS Graduate Admissions information sessions and open house events only.
Please note that you will need to pre-register your car if coming to one of these events. Information on how to pre-register your car will be e-mailed to you if you have registered for the event via the Rutgers Business School website. If you park in any of the other lots during these events, you may be ticketed. All other visitors to the Livingston campus are required to purchase a one day visitor’s parking permit for $5.00 per day. Information on this can be found
here.
From Garden State Parkway
Southbound (from northern points)
Turn off at Exit 129 for the New Jersey Turnpike and head south.
Turn off the Turnpike at Exit 9, continue as described above.
Northbound (from southern points)
Turn off at Exit 105 and follow signs for Route 18 North.
After approximately 24 miles, you will pass the entrance for the New Jersey Turnpike. Continue as described above.
From Route 287 (North or South)
Turn off at Exit 9 "River Road, Bound Brook, Highland Park."
Proceed East on River Road toward Highland Park.
Continue on River Road and you will pass under the overpass for Route 18. Make the next left onto Route 18 North.
Continue to the second exit marked "Metlars Lane, Livingston Campus, Rutgers RAC."
Make a right onto Avenue E before the light.
Take the first left which is Hospital Road. Proceed down Hospital Road past the Rutgers Athletic Center. Visitors without Rutgers hang-tags may park in the Green or Yellow Lot. Both the Green and Yellow lots are on the other side of the Rutgers Athletic Center under the solar panels.
After parking in the Green or Yellow Lot, you must walk back toward the Rutgers Athletic Center (the RAC) to access the business school building. The business school building is across from the RAC.
Please give yourself enough time to park and walk as it is about a 10 minute walk to the building from the Green and Yellow parking lots.
* The Green and Yellow Lots are the only lots where you will not be ticketed for not having the proper Rutgers parking permit for
RBS Graduate Admissions information sessions and open house events only.
Please note that you will need to pre-register your car if coming to one of these events. Information on how to pre-register your car will be e-mailed to you if you have registered for the event via the Rutgers Business School website. If you park in any of the other lots during these events, you may be ticketed. All other visitors to the Livingston campus are required to purchase a one day visitor’s parking permit for $5.00 per day. Information on this can be found
here.