URL: https://www.wpi.edu/admissions/undergraduate/visit
TITLE: WPI Visit | Schedule a Visit to WPI in Worcester, MA

Visit with Us
Schedule A Visit
50+ Majors in 6 Areas
Ambitious, Curious, a Little Different? Welcome.
Find the WPI major that's as original and inventive as you.
Our flexible curriculum lets you test-drive different fields through hands-on projects so you can explore before you commit.
Your path is waiting. Let's find it.
Chev Right
Icon of hollow arrow pointing right
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
See my Options
We Look Forward to Welcoming You to WPI!
Please review details below regarding campus visits.
Your visit to WPI will include an
information session
followed by a
campus tour
given by a WPI student. The tour will include access to most buildings and all visitors will have the opportunity to speak with an admissions counselor. Please note, while you will be able to view a residence hall on our campus tour, if you would like a closer look at all of our residence halls, please review this
extensive guide
of all of our buildings.
Registration for visit opportunities is now open through the​
Admissions Office events calendar
. Sign up for a campus visit today!
Visit Options
Spring Preview Days
Designed for first-time visitors, WPI’s Preview Day offers an introduction to our campus and academic community. The half-day program includes an information session and a student-led campus tour, providing valuable insight into the WPI experience.
Attendees will also hear from current students representing the School of Arts and Sciences, the School of Engineering, and The Business School during a student panel discussion—an excellent opportunity to learn more about our diverse areas of study.
The program runs from
9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.
**At the conclusion of the program, there will be an option to tour lab spaces.  Please note, lab tour availability will vary by date.**
Saturday, April 18, 2026
Register today!
View a
sample schedule
to see how the event is organized and what you can expect.
On-Campus Information Session and Campus Tour
Your visit to campus will include an information session followed by a campus tour given by a WPI student.  For a list of available dates and to register for an on-campus visit, click
here
.
**Please note, Saturday options fill quickly.  If you do not see a date you would like, please check back, as space may open up with cancelations.
Transfer Visit Options
Thinking of transferring to WPI? Connecting with a member of our transfer admissions team and WPI community members is the best way to learn more about the university.
For more on virtual or 1-on-1 meetings, on-campus programs, and special transfer events,
click
here
for more information and to register.
Virtual Information Session and Campus Tour
Both the virtual information session and the virtual campus tour are online events, via Zoom.  Each event is a separate experience that you can register for. The information covered will be the same information that is provided with the on-campus information session and campus tour, but in a virtual format.
Register here!
What you can expect:
The information session is a live zoom presentation done by one of our Admissions Counselors and a current WPI Student.  These sessions run for 45 minutes.
The campus tour is also a live zoom presentation done by our Crimson Key student tour guides.  This is a great opportunity to hear a student’s perspective about various areas around campus and see what makes WPI special. These tours run for 45 minutes.
Please be sure to visit our
calendar
for options, as additional dates will continue to be posted.
WPI On Demand
Check out the WPI YouTube page to view all of our pre-recorded
on-demand content
.
Get the inside scoop on WPI and hear from our students, faculty, and staff as you learn about the WPI plan, student life, study abroad opportunities, and so much more!
More Ways to Explore WPI
Ask a question
of a current WPI student or faculty member, a former graduate, or an admissions or financial aid counselor.
Learn about the WPI experience, including
project-based learning
,
academics
, and
student life
.
Browse our special page highlighting the
WPI experience.
Virtual Tour
Coming to Worcester
Worcester "is seeing its stock rise so fast that it is outpacing just about every other small city in America" (
NPR
).
Learn more about Worcester
, or browse options below.
Things to Do in Worcester
Chev Right
Icon of hollow arrow pointing right
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
Map, Directions, Parking
Majors & Minors
Return on Investment
How to Apply
Visit
Request Information