URL: https://www.wpi.edu/admissions/undergraduate/apply/international-students
TITLE: International Students | Worcester Polytechnic Institute

International Students
Enroll
How to Apply
Visit
Request Information
Thank you for considering WPI!
In addition to the
first-year application process
or
transfer application process
, international (non-immigrant) students must provide proof of English proficiency and the
CSS Profile
(if seeking financial aid). Please expand the menus below for more details.
International students transferring from a university or other institution of higher education should follow the
transfer application process
.
Proof of English Proficiency
International applicants must submit proof of English language proficiency through one of the following exams:
TOEFL
(Test of English as a Foreign Language)
:  Recommended score of 90 with no sub-score below 20 (tests taken before January 21, 2026) or 4.5 (tests taken after January 21, 2026).
IELTS
(International English Language Testing System)
: Recommended score of 7.0 with no band below 6.5
Duolingo English Test
: Recommended score of 125
PTE
(Pearson’s Test of English)
: Recommended score of 61
WPI Undergraduate Admissions will also consider
Initialview
or
Vericant
interviews if submitted. These interviews are optional and serve as a supplement to one of the exams mentioned above, but alone they do not satisfy our English proficiency requirement.
Citizens of an English speaking country who attended an English speaking high school for four years may be exempt. Contact the
Office of Admissions
for more details.
Need-Based Financial Aid
International students applying for need-based financial aid must submit the
CSS PROFILE application
by the admissions deadline.
Though WPI does offer financial assistance, competitive applicants will typically be able to contribute at least $25,000 per year to their WPI education. WPI is need-aware at the application stage and may take your ability to pay into consideration during application review.
Learn more on financing your education.
International Transfer Applicants
International students transferring from a university or other institution of higher education should follow the
transfer application process
.
International Scholarships
WPI offers competitive
academic merit-based scholarships
to first-year and transfer applicants based on academic performance, leadership experience, extracurricular involvement, and community service.  In addition to
these opportunities
, we are proud to offer up to two WPI International Leadership Awards per year to incoming first-year international students (non-citizens) who have demonstrated commitment to WPI’s values of achievement, innovation, community, respect, and inclusion. The WPI International Leadership Award is a secondary scholarship that is combined with all other merit-based and need-based scholarships to cover a student’s calculated need up to a maximum award of full tuition and fees. The WPI International Leadership Award Scholarship package may also include an additional $12,000 housing allowance.
All accepted students will be considered for this scholarship and there is not a separate application process.  Students selected for this scholarship will be notified no later than mid-April by email.  Students who receive this scholarship must make their enrollment decision by May 1 to retain the award.
Enrolling at another institution or formally declining WPI’s offer of admission will, as with any other scholarship, void the offer of the award.  Awardees interested in deferring their enrollment should read the
deferral terms
.
Financial Assistance
WPI offers limited financial assistance to international (non-immigrant) students. Financial assistance is offered to international students who enter WPI as first-year students. Beginning with students admitted for Fall 2024, assistance will also be available to international transfer students.
Learn more about how you can finance your education as an international student here
.
See
instructions on how to apply
, or
start your application now
!
THE VALUE OF WPI
INTERNATIONAL HOUSE