URL: https://www.wpi.edu/admissions/undergraduate/apply/how-to/test-optional-admissions
TITLE: Test-Optional Admissions | Worcester Polytechnic Institute

Test-Optional Admissions
Enroll
Visit
Request Information
WPI’s distinctive educational approach celebrates project-based learning. The Admissions staff evaluates every application to assess whether the student will be successful in our fast-paced curriculum, with four 7-week terms and ample opportunities to complete projects and research on and off campus.
WPI knows students are more than their SAT or ACT score and encourages applicants to showcase their potential through maker creations, research findings, artwork, writing, CAD designs, personal websites, and anything else that helps the admissions staff learn more about them.
In 2007, WPI  became the first nationally ranked STEM institution to adopt a test-optional admissions policy, meaning that applicants are not required to submit standardized test scores as part of their application. While strong test scores can strengthen a student’s application for admission, test scores will never negatively impact a student’s competitiveness. (This is sometimes referred to as a “no-harm practice.”)
From 2021-2024, WPI piloted a “test-blind” admissions policy and did not accept applicants’ standardized test scores. This was due in part to the disruption to the administration of standardized testing caused by the pandemic and was coupled with the university’s desire to broaden access to a WPI education to talented students for whom the SAT or ACT was seen as a barrier to entry. Through the data collected, however, WPI found no significant increase in applications or enrollments of diverse students, and there seemed to be a decline among international students for whom standardized tests carry a greater weight and meaning. Therefore, WPI reverted to its prior practice and remains test optional.
The Admissions staff uses a holistic approach in their review of applications, carefully weighing both quantitative and qualitative measures of success and student potential. Each applicant’s academic performance, their record of personal accomplishments, and the extent of their involvement and contribution to their community is taken into consideration during our comprehensive review and selection process.
CONTACT
Location:
Bartlett Center
Phone:
508-831-5286
admissions@wpi.edu
Twitter
Icon of Twitter Logo
Instagram
Icon of Instagram symbol
Facebook
Icon of Facebook logo
Youtube
Icon of Youtube Logo
Frequently Asked Questions
What is 'Test Optional'?
'Test Optional' refers to the policy of not requiring the SAT or ACT for admission. Each applicant can decide whether they would like to submit their test results.
Will the decision to submit (or not) impact my chances of admission?
The decision as to whether to submit standardized testing is entirely yours, and no choice will negatively impact the review of your application.
When do I decide if I want standardized scores to be included in my application?
Applicants will be prompted to select a testing policy in their application (Common Application, Coalition Application). The prompt will be:
Do you want your standardized test scores considered in the admission selection process?
Yes, I want my standardized test scores considered for admission
No, I do not want my standardized test scores considered for admission
What is a competitive SAT or ACT score for admission to WPI?
WPI was Test Blind from 2021 – 2024 and did not collect test scores from applicants. Prior to 2021, WPI was Test Optional. The most recent data is from the class that entered in fall 2021. The middle 50% scores of enrolling students who chose to submit testing was 1340 to 1480. This means that 25% scored below 1340 and 25% scored above 1480. The middle 50% for the ACT was a composite score of 30-34.
Does WPI super score?
If the applicant has opted into test score consideration, WPI will consider the best super-scored SAT. For the ACT, while we do not super score, we will consider the best ACT composite score.
The ACT recently made changes to their test. Does WPI require the science section of the ACT if choosing to submit testing?
No, the science section is not required should an applicant choose to take the ACT.
Does WPI prefer the SAT or the ACT?
WPI does not prefer one exam over the other.
Does WPI need my official scores or can I self-report them?
You are welcome to self-report your scores in the Test Section of the Common or Coalition Application. You can also choose to self-report your scores by emailing
admissions@wpi.edu
. If you have already applied, you can enter these through your applicant portal.
Official scores are required only if you choose to enroll at WPI.
If I choose to submit, when are those scores due?
Students who choose to submit testing should sit for the exam prior to the application deadline.
Early Decision and Early Action Round 1: up through October test administration dates
Early Decision and Early Action Round 2: up through December test administration dates
Regular Decision: up through January test administration dates
Does submitting test scores impact merit scholarships?
No, WPI does not use test score information when awarding merit-based scholarships.
Can I change my mind as to whether I want testing considered after submitting my application?
Applicants are welcome to contact the Admissions Office to request the change after submitting their application.
What are WPI’s institutional codes for the ACT and SAT?
SAT is 3969 and ACT is 1942