URL: https://www.wpi.edu/admissions
TITLE: Admissions & Aid | Worcester Polytechnic Institute

Admissions & Aid
A premier STEM-focused university in the heart of Massachusetts, WPI is known for what it does best: delivering an education that is project-based, globally engaged, and built on its founding approach of theory and practice.
Our students are scientists, engineers, entrepreneurs, scholars, musicians, adventurers, and above all else, doers. Being a WPI student means following passions and bringing ideas—and futures—to life. WPI students don’t fit molds; rather, they break them and rebuild their own.
More importantly, they
g
raduate fully prepared to step into challenging roles because they have powerful knowledge and know how to apply it.
Ready to join us? Learn more about the admissions process.
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Financing Your WPI Education
The Office of Financial Aid can guide you through the financial aid process and help you better understand the different types of aid that may be available to you so you can make the right investment in your future.
Resources and assistance are available to all students: undergraduate, transfer, graduate, and summer term (E-term).
Chev Right
Icon of hollow arrow pointing right
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
Financial Aid Options
Chev Right
Icon of hollow arrow pointing right
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
Cost of Attendance
Four Schools. One WPI.
School of Arts & Sciences
The Business School
School of Engineering
The Global School
Your Journey Starts Here
Schedule an in-person campus tour
––
or visit us virtually from wherever you are
––
and get to know our beautiful 95-plus acre campus nestled high on a hill in historic Worcester, Massachusetts. Hear from Crimson Key student tour guides and see our residence halls, makerspace and rapid prototyping labs, classrooms, state-of-the-art Sports & Recreation Center and more.
Not familiar with Worcester? Our convenient central location in New England's second-largest city puts students close to all the best the city has to offer, including the Worcester Art Museum, the world-renowned American Antiquarian Society, and Polar Park, home to the Worcester Red Sox.
Plan Your Visit