URL: https://www.wpi.edu/admissions/undergraduate/apply/home-school-students
TITLE: Home-school Students | Worcester Polytechnic Institute

Home-school Students
Enroll
How to Apply
Visit
Request Information
Thank you for considering WPI! In addition to the
first-year application process
, home-schooled students need to give additional information noted below.
Should you have any questions or concerns about the application process, please be certain to reach out to us at
admissions@wpi.edu
.
CONTACT
Location:
Bartlett Center
Phone:
508-831-5286
admissions@wpi.edu
Twitter
Icon of Twitter Logo
Instagram
Icon of Instagram symbol
Facebook
Icon of Facebook logo
Youtube
Icon of Youtube Logo
Required Courses
You must show that you have:
completed math coursework through pre-calculus,
completed two lab science courses, and
completed four English courses.
Required Transcript
Please provide one of the following:
A transcript from a recognized home school clearing house program, or
A transcript from a traditional high school program you attended for part of your high school career, or
Official high school equivalency results, such as GED, HiSET, or TASC, or
Provide an official home-school transcript signed by your home school counselor/supervisor, as well as a detailed list or documentation of academic coursework at the high school level.
If you have registered for coursework at the college level, we would encourage you to send a copy of the college transcript to WPI as well as part of your admissions application review. Should you be offered admission and enroll, you would want to provide an official college transcript with final grades in order to be considered for transfer credit. WPI’s transfer credit policy is available at
www.wpi.edu/+transfercredit
.
Required Home School Form
Complete the
Common Application School Report and Counselor Recommendation Form
or the
WPI Home School Supplement
.
Required Financial Aid
Home-schooled students applying for financial aid must submit one of the following prior to attending WPI:
Final high school transcript, or
GED equivalent, or
Certification that student has met local school district’s graduation requirements.
How to Send Materials to WPI
Required transcripts and letters of recommendation should be submitted directly from the sending institution or recommender. Our preference is that they are sent through the Common Application. Mailed or emailed credentials sent from the student are not official and will be discarded.
Please note, we cannot process non-scannable items such as CDs, DVDs, books, slides, or certificate binders.
If you must send materials directly to WPI, please include applicant’s full name and date of birth and send to the following:
WPI Undergraduate Admissions
Bartlett Center
100 Institute Rd
Worcester, MA  01609