URL: https://www.wpi.edu/admissions/graduate
TITLE: Graduate Admissions | Worcester Polytechnic Institute

Graduate Admissions
Request Information
Apply
Turn Your Passion Into Purpose
Don’t just get ready—get ahead.
Rapid advancements in science and technology are transforming the marketplace. Our STEM-focused graduate education will prepare you to lead and innovate in a fast-growing field.
Inquire with WPI Graduate Admissions
about a master’s degree, graduate certificate, PhD, or even one of our on-demand professional development courses.
Graduate & Professional Studies Homepage →
Meet the Team
Student Support by Program
Grad App Portal
Twitter
Icon of Twitter Logo
Instagram
Icon of Instagram symbol
Facebook
Icon of Facebook logo
Youtube
Icon of Youtube Logo
LinkedIn
Icon of LinkedIn Logo
Reach Your Career Goals Faster
Steps to Apply
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
Graduate Studies: Campus Tours
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
Financial Assistance
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
About WPI Graduate Admissions
Process and Dates of Note
WPI graduate programs are rigorous
—demanding your effort while challenging the status quo.
But applying to them? That’s the easy part.
We make the graduate admissions process as simple as possible.
Our enrollment experts help match you with the right graduate degree for your career goals.
Rolling admission means you can apply anytime!
Important Dates
Important Dates (2026–27)
Summer ’26
Fall ’26
Spring ’27
Summer ’27
Start date
May 21 (Summer I)
July 6 (Summer II)
August 20
January 13
May 20 (Summer I)
July 6 (Summer II)
Priority application date*
N/A
January 14
October 14
N/A
Latest application date**
May 7 (Summer I/Full Summer)
June 22 (Summer II)
August 6
December 14
May 6 (Summer I/Full Summer)
June 22 (Summer II)
*This is the priority deadline to be considered for funding. Applicants who apply after the priority deadline are still eligible for funding, pending availability. There is no additional application to complete for WPI funding opportunities. Upon completing the graduate application, you will be automatically considered for any financial assistance that you are eligible for.
**See "Rolling Admissions" below.
Rolling Admissions
You can submit your application anytime up until two weeks before the semester start date
to be considered for admission.
If you submit
less than
two weeks before, you can indicate on the application that you are willing to be considered for the next semester.
All applicants are encouraged to submit their applications at least two months before their desired start date
to ensure a smooth admissions process.
International students should submit their applications as early as possible
to allow for longer processing times.
Drive Meaningful Research
World-renowned and innovative labs alike are made up of talented teams addressing real problems that impact communities and organizations right now. Our graduate research is meaningful, purposeful, and looks to fill a need in society. Because of this experience, graduate alumni from WPI land coveted roles in leading industries.
Prepare for the Future of Work
Graduate students at WPI benefit from our signature educational model, known as project-based learning. The majority of courses involve a final project where you apply what you’ve learned to a real-world problem. You will often work in cross-disciplinary groups, mirroring the reality of the workplace, which strengthens your collaboration skills and broadens your perspective.
Join a Community That Cares
WPI is a supportive community where one person’s accomplishments reflect on the whole community. Our faculty members are committed to your professional graduate degree goals and want you to succeed beyond the classroom. The Office of Graduate & Professional Studies, too, provides workshops and professional development to diversify your skill set as a graduate student.
GRAD-Explore Programs
A Curriculum Crafted by Industry Experts. A Program Customized by You.
Master’s degree. Combined BS/MS degree. Graduate certificate. PhD.
Start mapping out your plan of study today.
Online Graduate Programs
Professional Development Courses
Combined BS/MS
All WPI Graduate Programs
Learn more about WPI and our academic divisions:
School of Arts & Sciences
School of Engineering
School of Business
The Global School
Save Time and Money
Want to maximize your investment? Current WPI undergraduates can join our combined BS/MS program to fast-track your master’s degree. Or if you’re an undergraduate at one of our regional partner institutions, you can enroll in a Collaborative Accelerated Master’s Program and double-count some of your credits.
Chev Right
Icon of hollow arrow pointing right
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
Combined BS/MS Programs
Chev Right
Icon of hollow arrow pointing right
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
Collaborative Accelerated Master’s Program
Alumni Tuition Incentive
WPI is pleased to offer an Alumni tuition benefit exclusively for undergrad alumni pursuing a master’s degree. No matter when you graduated, this benefit provides a tuition reduction to help make earning your master’s degree at WPI more accessible. With a wide range of graduate programs available online and on-campus, WPI offers flexibility for working professionals.
Chev Right
Icon of hollow arrow pointing right
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
Alumni Tuition Incentive
Hear It From Our Students
Beginning Quote
Icon of beginning quote
I felt like I’d come across a hidden gem. WPI may have a small student body, but we’re a close-knit community, and I’m sure the network I’ve cultivated during my time here will prove to be enriching even after I’ve left campus.
Beginning Quote
Icon of beginning quote
Neehal Sharrma
Robotics Engineering (MS)
FORW-RD NSF NRT Program
Beginning Quote
Icon of beginning quote
WPI’s project-based approach has been a game-changer in how I approach research. It has taught me the importance of applying theoretical knowledge in practical ways to solve real-world problems.
Beginning Quote
Icon of beginning quote
Racheal Asaolu
Biology & Biotechnology (PhD Candidate)
Beginning Quote
Icon of beginning quote
WPI has shown me that learning happens everywhere—in the classroom, through collaboration with peers, and in the challenges that push you to grow.
Beginning Quote
Icon of beginning quote
Gary Acquah
Civil Engineering (MS)
ADMISSIONS INFO
How to Become a WPI Graduate Student
Our grad school application process is easy. Rolling admission means you can apply any time.
Apply
Icon of piece of paper
View Application Requirements
Requirements
Icon of a check symbol
Steps to Apply
Clock
Icon of clock
Check Application Status
Email
Icon of a letter
Contact Us for Help
Financial Assistance for Grad Students
Meet the Graduate Admissions Team
WPI is proud to be the recipient of not one, but two
National Science Foundation Research Traineeship
programs. The programs provide exceptionally talented graduate students with specialized training and funding assistance to join careers at the forefront of technology and innovation. The programs are for graduate students in research-based master's and doctoral degree programs in STEM.
News and Events
The Graduate Studies Team at WPI is on the road all the time from industry trade shows to career fairs and information sessions - both in person and virtual! Find us at one of the following events to learn more about our extensive suite of graduate programs.
VIEW THE CALENDAR