URL: https://www.wpi.edu/admissions/undergraduate/apply/transfer-students/agreements/quinsigamond-community-college
TITLE: Transfer from Quinsigamond Community College (QCC) to WPI | Guaranteed Pathway

Transfer from Quinsigamond Community College to WPI
Find Your Path from QCC to WPI
With this clear and supportive framework, QCC students can move forward with confidence, knowing exactly how to take the next step to WPI.
Through our exclusive partnership with QCC, you’re guaranteed the following:
Admission to WPI
when requirements are met
$20,000 annual scholarship
(plus additional aid, if eligible)
Available on-campus housing
for transfer students
Two free summer courses
to help you start strong (a $5,000 value)
Additional consideration for
merit scholarships and financial aid
WPI and QCC have partnered since 1989
, creating a proven pathway for students who want to take the next step in their education. At WPI, you’ll join a
top-ranked STEM community
built around hands-on projects, real-world experience, and purposeful careers. Our graduates launch with an average starting salary of
$80,294
.
Applying to WPI as a transfer student is 100% free. Why wait? Explore your proven transfer pathway from QCC to WPI below. ↓
CONTACT
Location:
Bartlett Center
Phone:
508-831-5286
admissions@wpi.edu
Twitter
Icon of Twitter Logo
Instagram
Icon of Instagram symbol
Facebook
Icon of Facebook logo
Youtube
Icon of Youtube Logo
$20K Transfer Scholarship. Each Year. Guaranteed.
Transfer students admitted from QCC are guaranteed the WPI Transfer Partner Student Scholarship, valued at a minimum of $20,000 each year for up to four years. You may also combine this scholarship with additional aid.
Free Summer Courses for Transfer Students
Stay sharp. Take two summer courses for free (a $5,000 value) so you can connect with the campus community and get ready for WPI's famous hands-on projects.
Partnership Framework
Requirements for Admissions
We have a long history of success with transfer students from our partner universities. The framework is simple. You are
guaranteed
admission to WPI as a transfer student when you meet all of the following requirements:
Minimum GPA of 3.3*
Associate degree in any academic program
Successful completion of one (1) college-level precalculus or calculus I course
Successful completion of one (1) laboratory science course
* If your
GPA
is
3.0
or higher and you meet all other requirements, we still strongly encourage you to apply!
Transfer Credit Guide
Find Your Degree Pathway at WPI
We have a variety of degree pathways for QCC students. Use this official guide to map out how your QCC associate degree can transfer toward a WPI bachelor’s degree. Plus, see which WPI majors align best with your associate degree so you can stay on track with your goals.
Chev Right
Icon of hollow arrow pointing right
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
Associate Degree Transfer Guide (PDF)
If you’re still planning your QCC courses and already know your desired WPI major, these pathways tell you which QCC courses to consider:
QCC to WPI School of Engineering Pathway and School of Arts and Sciences Pathway (PDF)
QCC to WPI Business School Pathway (PDF)
Housing & Dining Highlights
On-campus housing is guaranteed
for transfer students.
Residential and optional meal plans
are available to suit different living and dining preferences.
Dining locations across campus
offer a wide range of choices, from ramen and rice bowls to sandwiches and smoothies.
Need coffee between classes?
Dunkin’ and Starbucks are conveniently located right on campus.
Financial Aid for WPI Transfer Students
How It Works
Full-time transfer students enrolled at WPI
, domestic and international, are eligible for WPI merit scholarships and need-based aid.
Part-time transfer students enrolled at WPI
are
not
eligible for WPI merit scholarships or need-based aid. However, part-time
domestic
students may be eligible for federal and / or state financial aid.
Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) :
To determine your eligibility for
federal aid
, file the
FAFSA form
.
Use WPI school code
002233
.
College Scholarship Service (CSS ) :
To determine your eligibility for
WPI-funded financial assistance
, fill out the
CSS profile
.
Use WPI school code
3969
.
Estimate your costs
with the
WPI Net Price Calculator
.
For more details, see
Transfer Students
on the Office of Financial Aid’s website.
Student Voice
"When I first came to WPI, I thought I would spend all my time studying for class, but I have also had the opportunity to meet and work with many people who share my passions and interests and who cheer me on in my endeavors. Whether it's music, education, or climate change. I have been challenged to broaden my horizons and connect my computer science work with other subjects."
Wilson Gramer ’26
BS in Computer Science
Wilson combines his love of teaching and technology with projects that expand what it means to work in STEM.
[...]
Chev Right
Icon of hollow arrow pointing right
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
read more
Lifetime Value for Transfer Students
#11
best programs for internships/co-ops
U.S. News & World Report (2025)
#2
top college launching grads into engineering roles
LinkedIn (2025)
$79,422
average starting salary, bachelor’s degree (class of 2025)
Admissions Deadlines for Transfer Students
Spring Entry
Fall Entry
Application Opens
September 1
January 16
Application Review Begins
Late September
Mid-March
Application Deadline
November 1
June 10
Decision Notification
Rolling
(Begins early October)
Rolling
(Begins mid/late April)
Enrollment Deadline
December 3
July 10
Financial Aid Deadlines for Transfer Students
CSS Profile Application
FAFSA
Notification Date
Notes
Spring 2026 Entry Transfer Applicants
Due November 1, 2025
Due November 1, 2025
Rolling after application date
Applicants must file the 2025-2026 CSS Profile & FAFSA
Fall 2026 Entry Transfer Applicants
Due May 15, 2026
Due May 15, 2026
Rolling after application date
Applicants must file the 2026-2027 CSS Profile & FAFSA
Apply Now
Don’t Just Get a Degree.
Build Your Career with Purpose.
Transfer students apply to WPI for
free.
Ready to launch an innovative career in STEM that pays off for life?
The official
transfer agreement (PDF)
between WPI and Quinsigamond Community College is available for download.
Apply
Visit
Request Information
Transfer FAQs