URL: https://www.wpi.edu/admissions/undergraduate/apply/transfer-students/transfer-visit-options
TITLE: Transfer Visit Options at WPI | Visit WPI

Transfer Visit Options
Apply
Transfer FAQs
Taking the next step in your college journey as a transfer student is an exciting, important one, and we’re thrilled to be able to show you what WPI is all about. From welcoming you during campus visits to hosting opportunities for you to meet current WPI students and faculty, the Office of Admissions is here to guide you through the application and enrollment process.
There's nothing like exploring campus for yourself, which is why we want to invite you to visit us either in person or virtually to get a better idea of the WPI community and envision yourself here. It's also one of the best ways to get all your questions answered. Check out our visit opportunities below.
We can't wait to meet you and support you in your academic goals!
CONTACT
transfer@wpi.edu
Twitter
Icon of Twitter Logo
Instagram
Icon of Instagram symbol
Facebook
Icon of Facebook logo
Youtube
Icon of Youtube Logo
ACCEPTED STUDENT DAYS
Admitted Transfers: Join Us at WPI’s Accepted Student Events this April 2026!
April 8, 15, and 22
Chev Right
Icon of hollow arrow pointing right
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
Click here to register!
Transfer Visit Days
Please join us for one of our Transfer Visit Days, held this spring on
March 20
and
May 1
from 1-4pm. Transfer Visit Days provide special opportunities for transfer students to connect with peers, current WPI transfer student representatives, and members of the WPI community. We will talk through the options to apply, the transfer credit policy, and visit lab spaces and facilities with faculty!
Click here to register!
The May 1 session will be held in conjunction with the Undergraduate Research Showcase, featuring collaboration from our community college partners t
hrough summer research experiences. All students from transfer partner schools are welcome! For more information on the showcase, contact
transfer@wpi.edu
.
Virtual Transfer Information Session & Panel
Join us this spring for a virtual evening information session and panel designed specifically for transfer students. You'll hear from our transfer admission counselors, meet current WPI students who have transferred, and get your questions answered, all in one immersive session.
Sessions will be held via Zoom on
April 27
and
May 20
from 6-7:30pm EST.
Click here to register!
Spring Transfer Tuesdays
Our transfer counselors will field your questions in one-on-one meetings every Tuesday afternoon! Offered virtually via Zoom, these meetings are a great way to review your specific circumstances and get all your WPI application questions answered.
Click here to schedule an appointment!
Information Sessions & Tours
WPI's information sessions and tours (held virtually and in person) are a great way to learn more about our academics, campus, and community. Transfer students are always welcome to register and join us!
Learn More and Register
WPI On-Demand
Visit WPI's YouTube channel to check out a variety of videos focusing on everything from pre-recorded information sessions and student-led projects, clubs, and organizations, project-based learning in action, the student experience, and more.
WPI on YouTube