URL: https://www.wpi.edu/admissions/tuition-aid/types-of-aid/scholarships-grants/wpi-merit
TITLE: WPI Merit-Based Scholarships | Worcester Polytechnic Institute

WPI Merit-Based Scholarships
WPI automatically considers both first-year and transfer applicants for merit-based scholarships. No additional applications are needed except for the WPI
FIRST
and
VEX
Robotics Scholarships.
General Scholarships
Presidential Scholarship
First-year applicants are awarded this scholarship based on academic performance in high school, recommendations, leadership, extracurricular involvement, and community service. These scholarships vary in amounts and are renewable for four years.
IB diploma graduates with a diploma score of 40 or greater admitted to WPI are guaranteed an academic merit-based Presidential scholarship worth a minimum of $25,000.
Great Minds Scholars Program
The Great Minds Scholars program is a WPI initiative designed to meet the full demonstrated financial need, up to the cost of tuition and fees, of selected Pell-eligible students who are the first in their families to attend college in the United States. Learn more about the
Great Minds Scholars program
.
WPI Transfer Academic Merit Scholarship
All admitted transfer candidates are automatically evaluated for a WPI Presidential Scholarship specifically for transfers based on college level academic performance, as well as professional and learning pursuits, leadership experiences, and extracurricular involvements. This scholarship varies in amounts, is renewable for up to four years, and can be combined with any applicable specialty merit scholarships.
Specialty Merit-Based Scholarship Programs
Biology & Biotechnology Scholars Program
Applicants indicating biology or biotechnology as their intended area of study will automatically be considered for the program.
Learn more about the program
.
BizTech Emerging Leaders Scholarship Program
Applicants indicating business, financial technology, industrial engineering, information systems and technologies or management engineering as their intended area of study will automatically be considered for the program.
Students selected for the BizTech Scholars will receive:
Special academic advising
Early hands-on involvement in faculty-driven industry projects
An opportunity to serve on the Dean’s Student Advisory Board for a 1-year term
Opportunities to attend on-campus alumni networking events and special meetings with business leaders/guest speakers
A BizTech scholarship, which will vary in amounts, but typically ranges between $10,000 and $25,000, and are renewable for four years.
Chemical Engineering Scholars Program
Applicants indicating chemical engineering as their intended area of study will automatically be considered for the program.
Learn more about the program.
Chemistry & Biochemistry Scholars Program
Applicants indicating chemistry or biochemistry as their intended area of study will automatically be considered for the program.
Learn more about the program
.
National Consortium of Specialized STEM Schools (NCSSS) Scholarship Program
All first-year applicants to WPI are considered for a National Consortium of Specialized STEM Schools (NCSSS) scholarship from a participating school. These scholarships are valued at $60,000 ($15,000 per year for up to four years).
Selections are made on a rolling basis from January to April and are based on academic performance, program of study, recommendations, and personal statement. Submissions of project-based academic work and examples of work from summer programs and other academic experiences are welcome as well as part of the admissions evaluation process.
Phi Theta Kappa Scholarship
WPI awards all
Phi Theta Kappa Scholars
a $10,000 scholarship per year on top of any academic merit scholarships they've been awarded. All accepted PTK scholars will automatically be awarded—no additional application or materials are necessary. However,
please note in your WPI application that you are a PTK scholar. WPI must be notified that you are a member of PTK prior to enrollment.
Part-time WPI students and students with previous baccalaureate degrees are not eligible. Candidates must have submitted their completed application by their application deadline.
Regional Scholarships
WPI’s reach expands well beyond New England and into other regions of the country. To honor our growing alumni base and connections with industry and community partners in these regions, WPI will offer a limited number of Regional Scholarships to incoming first year students. Starting in Fall 2025, students attending high schools in California, the District of Columbia, Florida, Illinois, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Virginia and Texas will be considered for a Regional Scholarship.
Robotics Engineering Scholars Program
Applicants indicating Robotics Engineering as their intended major will automatically be considered for this program. Students selected for the Robotics Engineering Scholars Program will receive:
Opportunities of conducting research and independent study in faculty research labs
Paid summer research
Special exposure for internships and co-ops with related industry
The Robotics Engineering Scholars Program scholarship will vary in amounts, but typically ranges between $10,000 and $25,000, and are renewable for four years.
Robotics (FIRST, VEX and RECF Drone Program) Scholarships
WPI
is a long time supporter of the FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) robotics program and is proud to have been the inaugural university to offer a FIRST scholarship starting in 1996.
WPI
also partners with the VEX V5 Robotics Competition and REC Foundation Drone Program, and is proud to offer scholarships to participants in each of these programs.
Students interested in the FIRST, VEX or REC Foundation scholarships do not need to apply as a robotics engineering major in order to be considered. However, a separate application is required for each scholarship–learn more about
WPI scholarships available for applying students here.
Transfer Partner Student Scholarship
New for fall 2025 enrollment, transfer students admitted from one of our partner institutions are guaranteed the WPI Transfer Partner Student Scholarship valued at a minimum of $20,000 each year, for up to four years. All accepted transfer students from partner institutions will automatically be awarded—no additional application or materials necessary. Candidates must have submitted their completed application by the
transfer application deadline
. Contact
transfer@wpi.edu
for more information.
The WPI Transfer Partner Student Scholarship is offered to admitted partner institution transfer candidates only.
Additional Financial Aid Opportunities
Visit our main Scholarships and Grants page to learn more about need-based scholarships, and additional opportunities such as the ROTC Scholarships, SAGE Scholars Tuition Rewards Program, and Tuition Exchange.
Chev Right
Icon of hollow arrow pointing right
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
SCHOLARSHIPS & GRANTS