URL: https://www.wpi.edu/admissions/undergraduate/apply/transfer-students/agreements/framingham-state-university
TITLE: Transfer from Framingham State University (FSU) to WPI | Guaranteed Pathway

Transfer from Framingham State University to WPI
A Seamless Path from FSU to WPI
With this clear, supportive framework for transferring to WPI, you can focus on your future without the guesswork.
Through our exclusive partnership with FSU, you’re guaranteed the following:
Admission to WPI
when you meet the
requirements
$20,000 annual scholarship
(plus additional aid, if eligible)
On-campus housing available
Two free summer courses
(a $5,000 value)
Consideration for merit
scholarships
and financial
aid
Build a career with purpose.
At WPI, you’ll join a top-ranked STEM community where hands-on projects and experiences drive real-world impact—and grads launch careers with an average starting salary of
$80,294
.
Applying to WPI as a transfer student is 100% free. Why wait? Explore your proven transfer pathway from FSU to WPI. ↓
CONTACT
Location:
Bartlett Center
Phone:
508-831-5286
admissions@wpi.edu
Twitter
Icon of Twitter Logo
Instagram
Icon of Instagram symbol
Facebook
Icon of Facebook logo
Youtube
Icon of Youtube Logo
$20K Transfer Scholarship. Each Year. Guaranteed.
Transfer students admitted from Framingham State University are guaranteed the WPI Transfer Partner Student Scholarship, valued at a minimum of $20,000 each year for up to four years. You may also combine this scholarship with additional aid.
Free Summer Courses for Transfer Students
Stay sharp. Take two summer courses for free (a $5,000 value) so you can connect with the campus community and get ready for WPI's famous hands-on projects.
Partnership Framework
Requirements for Admissions
We have a long history of success with transfer students from our partner universities. The framework is simple. You are
guaranteed
admission to WPI as a transfer student when you meet all of the following requirements:
Minimum GPA of 3.3*
Successful completion of the FSU pre-engineering curriculum
Successful completion of one (1) college-level precalculus or calculus I course
Successful completion of one (1) laboratory science course
*If your GPA is 3.0 or higher and you meet all other requirements, we still strongly encourage you to apply!
Pre-Engineering Pathway
Your Path to an Engineering Degree at WPI
Through FSU’s pre-engineering program, you can follow a clear path into one of 10 engineering fields at WPI, including biomedical, electrical and computer, mechanical, and robotics. View the transfer pathway to see which course credits will count toward your degree.
Chev Right
Icon of hollow arrow pointing right
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
View Pre-Engineering Pathway (PDF)
Housing & Dining Highlights
On-campus housing is guaranteed for transfer students.
Residential and voluntary meal plans are available for purchase.
Multiple dining locations across campus offer a variety of options, from ramen and rice bowls to subs and smoothies.
Need your caffeine fix? Dunkin’ and Starbucks are on campus, just steps away from bed!
Financial Aid for WPI Transfer Students
How It Works
Full-time transfer students enrolled at WPI
, domestic and international, are eligible for WPI merit scholarships and need-based aid.
Part-time transfer students enrolled at WPI
are
not
eligible for WPI merit scholarships or need-based aid. However, part-time
domestic
students may be eligible for federal and / or state financial aid.
Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) :
To determine your eligibility for
federal aid
, file the
FAFSA form
.
Use WPI school code
002233
.
College Scholarship Service (CSS ) :
To determine your eligibility for
WPI-funded financial assistance
, fill out the
CSS profile
.
Use WPI school code
3969
.
Estimate your costs
with the
WPI Net Price Calculator
.
For more details, see
Transfer Students
on the Office of Financial Aid’s website.
Student Voice
"My transition to WPI has been smooth overall. The
transfer
process was straightforward and having support from staff, like my Insight advisor, helped a lot."
Joshua Tomaso '27
BS in Electrical and Computer Engineering
Joshua balances his National Guard service with his academic pursuits, using WPI’s project-based learning to strengthen his real-world engineering skills.
[...]
Chev Right
Icon of hollow arrow pointing right
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
read more
Lifetime Value for Transfer Students
#11
best programs for internships/co-ops
U.S. News & World Report (2025)
#2
top college launching grads into engineering roles
LinkedIn (2025)
$79,422
average starting salary, bachelor’s degree (class of 2025)
Admissions Deadlines for Transfer Students
Spring Entry
Fall Entry
Application Opens
September 1
January 16
Application Review Begins
Late September
Mid-March
Application Deadline
November 1
June 10
Decision Notification
Rolling
(Begins early October)
Rolling
(Begins mid/late April)
Enrollment Deadline
December 3
July 10
Financial Aid Deadlines for Transfer Students
CSS Profile Application
FAFSA
Notification Date
Notes
Spring 2026 Entry Transfer Applicants
Due November 1, 2025
Due November 1, 2025
Rolling after application date
Applicants must file the 2025-2026 CSS Profile & FAFSA
Fall 2026 Entry Transfer Applicants
Due May 15, 2026
Due May 15, 2026
Rolling after application date
Applicants must file the 2026-2027 CSS Profile & FAFSA
Apply Now
Don’t Just Get a Degree.
Build Your Career with Purpose.
Transfer students apply to WPI for
free.
Ready to launch an innovative career in STEM that pays off for life?
The official
transfer agreement (PDF)
between WPI and Manchester Community College is available for download.
Apply
Visit
Request Information
Transfer FAQs