URL: https://www.wpi.edu/offices/registrar/policies-procedures/transfer-credit?utm_source=redirector&utm_medium=transfercredit&utm_campaign=short_url
TITLE: Transfer Credit | Worcester Polytechnic Institute

Transfer Credit
CONTACT
Location:
Unity Hall
Office Location:
Room 435
Phone:
508-831-5211
Fax:
508-831-5931
registrar@wpi.edu
Undergraduate
Transferring Credit Before Matriculation to WPI
After a student has been accepted and final college transcripts received, the Transfer Admissions team coordinates the review of coursework taken prior to matriculating at WPI for potential credit towards a WPI degree. WPI faculty evaluators from each academic department evaluate and approve coursework for credit. For transfer students, this process begins as soon as possible upon admission to the university. For incoming first-year students, the process begins in mid-to-late May after the enrollment deadline.
There is no transfer credit limit for undergraduate students at WPI. However, all undergraduates must earn a minimum of 8 units (72 credits) of course/project work
at WPI
to complete the residency requirement, regardless of the number of transfer credits applied to your degree requirements.
For incoming transfer students:
Effective January 1, 2024, the WPI Transfer Admissions team coordinates with WPI faculty evaluators coursework for potential credit as soon as possible upon admission. Please be aware that additional information from the transfer student
may be required
to complete a course review, such as course descriptions, syllabi, or a completed
Undergraduate Transfer Credit Review Request Form (PDF)
for additional information. If these documents are required, the WPI Transfer Admissions team will reach out to the student directly.
For incoming first-year and current undergraduate students:
Effective January 1, 2024, students must follow the instructions on and fully complete the
Undergraduate Transfer Credit Review Request Form (PDF)
to officially request course evaluation(s). The review process for first-year student credit evaluation requests will begin after the May 1 enrollment deadline. Please be aware that additional information may also be required to complete the review, such as course descriptions or syllabi. If these documents are required, the WPI Transfer Admissions team will reach out to the student directly.
Coursework completed outside of the U.S.:
Students must follow the instructions and fully complete the
Undergraduate Transfer Credit Review Request Form (PDF)
. Additionally, WPI requires English translations and course-by-course credit evaluations from a current
NACES
member for all non-U.S. transcripts. WPI will also need English translated course descriptions and possibly syllabi for each course you would like reviewed by WPI faculty evaluators.
Information about credit eligibility (effective January 1, 2024):
Eligible courses are those taken through a regionally accredited post-secondary institution, are worth 3 credits or more, and were completed typically with a grade B- or better.
Coursework must be instructed by college professors. Coursework taught by certified instructors or high school teachers appointed as adjuncts for the purpose of teaching this course is not eligible. (If the instructor's primary role is high school teaching, the course is not eligible.)
Early college, early entrance programs, “College in the High School,” or any dual enrollment coursework provided in partnership with a college/university but offered in the high school classroom and taught by certified high school teachers are not eligible for credit at WPI. Examples of these high school to college partnership programs include some Running Start programs, ECE, EEP, SUPA, SUNY UHS, and others.
Credit is offered for Project Lead the Way coursework. Please review
information about Project Lead the Way credit
for more information on eligibility.
Credit is not offered for mathematics coursework below the calculus level.
Credit is not offered for laboratory science coursework completed online.
Credit is also not available for non-credit CEU courses or adult enrichment or refresher coursework. CLEP examinations are not recognized for transfer credit.
WPI does offer
AP credit
and
International Baccalaureate credit
as well.
View Transfer Equivalencies to Date
Transferring Credit After Matriculation to WPI
If you are currently a WPI student who wishes to take courses at a regionally accredited post-secondary institution, you must obtain a
WPI Transfer Credit Authorization Form
from the Registrar's Office. This form and the course description must be taken to the WPI department head and academic advisor for approval before the course is taken. On the form, the department head specifies a minimum grade for transfer. This minimum grade depends on the institution at which the course is taken and how critical the course is to the department. Courses that have not been pre-approved may not receive transfer credit. The completed form must be filed in the Registrar's Office before taking the course. After successful completion of the course, an official transcript should be sent to WPI. Students can check the web for posting of credit. Transferred courses are recorded on the student’s WPI transcript with the grade CR and are not included in the calculation of grade point averages. Please note vocational, correspondence, pre-college or review courses are not transferable. Also, noncredit CEU courses, adult enrichment or refresher courses, and CLEP examinations are not recognized for transfer credit.
View Transfer Equivalencies to Date
Transferring Consortium Courses
Courses taken through the consortium do not need to be transferred into WPI. Courses will automatically be part of the WPI transcript. However, if you are taking the course through the consortium to fulfill a WPI distribution requirement, you should check with the Registrar's Office to see if the course has been pre-approved to satisfy the requirement. If not, you will need approval from the relevant department head before taking the course. To apply for approval of a consortium course to satisfy a specific WPI distribution requirement, a student must obtain a WPI Transfer Credit Authorization form from the Registrar's Office. This form and the course description must be taken to the WPI department head for approval before the course is taken. The WPI department head decides whether the proposed course meets the department distribution requirement. If it does, the department head specifies on the form a minimum grade for satisfying the distribution requirement. This minimum grade depends on the institution at which the course is taken and how critical the course is to the department. Courses that have not been pre-approved may receive WPI elective credit. The complete form must be filed in the Registrar's Office before taking the course.
Graduate
Transfers and Waivers
A student may petition to use graduate courses completed at other accredited, degree-granting institutions to satisfy WPI graduate degree requirements. A maximum of one-third of the credit requirements for a graduate degree may be satisfied by courses taken elsewhere and not used to satisfy degree requirements at other institutions. Students should submit their
Transfer Credit Authorization Form
to their academic department or program; once they are approved they are filed with the Registrar.
To ensure that work completed at other institutions constitutes current practice in the field, a WPI program may set an expiration date on transfer credit. After this date, the course may not be counted towards a WPI degree.
Transferred courses are recorded on the student’s WPI transcript with the grade CR and are not included in the calculation of grade point averages. Grades earned in Biomedical Consortium courses, however, are recorded on the transcript as if they were taken at WPI itself.
A student who withdraws from a graduate program and is later readmitted may apply courses and other credits completed before the withdrawal toward the degree. The admitting program will determine at the time of readmission which courses taken by the student may be applied toward the degree and the latest date those courses may be applied. There is no limit, other than that imposed by the program, on the number of credits a readmitted student may use from prior admissions to the same degree program.
With the appropriate background, a student may ask permission to waive a required course and substitute a specified, more advanced course in the same discipline. Requests are subject to approval by the student’s program and must be filed with the Registrar within one year of the date of matriculation in the program. A program may waive (with specified substitutions) up to three required courses for a single student.
Acceptability of Credit Applicable to an Advanced Degree
Graduate level credit, obtained from courses, thesis and project work, may include:
• Coursework included in the approved Plan of Study.
• Coursework completed at the graduate level and successfully transferred to WPI from other accredited, degree granting institutions (see Transfers and Waivers).
• Graduate coursework completed at the undergraduate level at WPI and not applied toward another degree.
A maximum of one-third of the credit requirements from one graduate degree, either completed or in progress, at WPI may be used in partial fulfillment of the requirements for another graduate degree at WPI.
No credit may be triple counted for any degree at any level of study