URL: https://www.wpi.edu/offices/international-house
TITLE: International Student and Scholars Office | Worcester Polytechnic Institute

International Student and Scholars Office
Empowering Global Minds
In an atmosphere that embraces cultural diversity and encourages social inclusion, the International Student and Scholars Office provides programs, services, and immigration support, to assist and educate international students and scholars in their transition to US society and academic culture.
Quick links:
Quick Links
Visit
Icon of a pin with a white circle in the middle
Meet with us
Apply
Icon of piece of paper
Student forms
Email
Icon of a letter
Mail pickup
Web
Icon of a browser
Make a payment
CONTACT
Location:
International Student and Scholars Office
Phone:
508-831-6030
Fax:
508-831-6032
ih@wpi.edu
Twitter
Icon of Twitter Logo
Facebook
Icon of Facebook logo
Students
International Student Life provides assistance on all international student-related immigration and cultural adjustment needs including new student orientations, work authorizations, travel signatures, and non-resident alien tax help.
Chev Right
Icon of hollow arrow pointing right
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
Resources for Students
Faculty & Scholars
International Faculty and Scholar Services works in collaboration with the Provost's Office to serve the international faculty and scholars with immigration paperwork and adjustment to life in Worcester, Massachusetts.
Chev Right
Icon of hollow arrow pointing right
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
Resources for Faculty & Scholars
Connect and Meet With Us
Have questions? Need an advisor to review an application or form?
Our team is available to help you by email, phone, Zoom video, or in-person meeting. Click below for more information and to make an appointment.
Email
Email us at
IH@wpi.edu
.
Phone
Call us at 508-831-6030.
We are only accessible during business hours (M-F 8:30am-noon, 1pm-5pm EST).
Zoom video conferencing
There are two options for meeting virtually:
1) Virtual drop-in hours, Monday-Friday from 3 p.m. to 4 p.m.
These meetings are best for quick questions (8 mins or less). The Zoom link is:
https://wpi.zoom.us/j/709157000 and
also accessible in our email signatures. Advisors will rotate who will staff drop-in hours each day.
2) Individual advisor appointment.
Click on the
International Student Advisor appointment link
for the advisor you would like to talk to and book the meeting on their calendar. The Zoom link will be given through the appointment link. We will sign in to virtual appointments at the designated time in Massachusetts.
Please note your time zone when booking your appointment. The calendar booking app often gives you the booking time based on your local time setting.
In-person meetings
Office hours are 8:30 a.m.–noon and 1 p.m.–5 p.m. Monday through Friday. Please either book an
appointment
with one of our advisors or come during drop-in hours (Mon–Fri 3 p.m.–4 p.m.).
We usually cannot accommodate drop-ins outside of these hours.
Optional practical training (OPT) review
You
must
complete and submit your OPT application materials
before
your appointment with us.
Please follow these steps:
Fill out the OPT paperwork in advance
Submit it through the
OPT Application Electronic Submission Form
on the IH Forms page
Book an appointment with one of the advisors to finalize your application
Mail Pickup Options
FedEx:
Any mail that you wish to pick up through the International Student and Scholars Office can be sent to you via FedEx with two-day delivery for a
$25 fee
(paid through the electronic payment link below). If you want to have something delivered by FedEx, you will need to email
IH@wpi.edu
with the mailing address, your telephone number, and the confirmation number from the payment form.
Please note:
OPT EAD work permit cards can
only
be delivered by FedEx or picked up in person.
USPS mail:
I-20s and letters can be mailed to your address through USPS for free. This is not available for EAD cards, which must be delivered by FedEx or picked up in person. Please note that most I-20s can also be sent electronically.
In-person Pickup:
You can arrange a pickup in person at the International Student and Scholars Office. We prefer to give out mail in the afternoon, particularly 3 p.m.–5 p.m.
Q&A with Colleen Callahan-Panday
The director of the Office of International Student and Scholars discusses the international student experience.
Chev Right
Icon of hollow arrow pointing right
Arrow Right
Icon of arrow pointing right
Read more in the WPI Journal
Electronic Payment
Use our secure platform to pay for mailing fees, tax software, and more.
Pay Now
More Helpful Links
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Faculty