URL: https://www.wpi.edu/offices/housing-residential-experience-center/transfer-student-housing
TITLE: Transfer Student Housing | Worcester Polytechnic Institute

Transfer Student Housing
CONTACT
Location:
East Hall
Phone:
508-831-5645
Fax:
508-831-5870
housing@wpi.edu
Twitter
Icon of Twitter Logo
Instagram
Icon of Instagram symbol
Facebook
Icon of Facebook logo
Living on Campus
Transfer students are guaranteed on campus housing. Once you receive your WPI credentials you can submit a Transfer Student Housing Application
in the housing portal.
Before completing the Housing Application, please ensure that you have read the
Housing & Dining Contract
and the
Residence Hall Policies.
Information about the Fall 2026 application process will be coming soon!
Fall 2026 Dates & Deadlines
Housing Application Opens:
May 18
Documentation for accommodations must be submitted to the
Office of Accessibility Services (OAS)
no later than June 18
Housing Application Deadline:
July 17
Dining & Meal Plans
Transfer students living in South Village will not be required to have a meal plan. The houses have full kitchens for the residents to share, and there are grocery and convenience stores nearby. Students are also welcome to have a mini fridge and/or microwave in their room.
Microfridge
is one of our affiliated vendors that will deliver right to your dorm room.
Residents will have the option of purchasing a
Residential Meal Plan
or
Voluntary Meal Plan.
Chartwells manages the dining services at WPI. With
multiple dining locations
, ranging from traditional dining halls to convenient on-the-go options. See the
Dining Services
page for more information.
Resources
Transfer Student Checklist
Transfer Student Admission
Transfer Student FAQs
Transfer Credit
Moving In
Your Room
Transfer Student FAQs
What is a group leader?
The Group Leader is the person chosen by the group to select housing for the entire group.
The Group Leader is someone the entire group trusts to make the decision for housing for everyone.
How do I find a roommate?
The Housing & Residential Experience Center will be hosting Roommate Meet & Greets for current students to meet potential roommate for next year. Check the
University Calenda
r and filter by Housing & Residential Experience Center to find out when and where they will be held.
In the Housing Portal, you will also be able to view a list of students who have completed the housing application and see how compatible you are based on how you both answered the lifestyle questions in the portal.
How do housing accommodations work?
All accommodation requests and documentation must go to the
Office of Accessibility Services
. We work together to place these students in locations that meet their needs. Accommodated housing placements are done prior to and separate from the general selection process.
What does it mean to sign a housing contract and when does my housing contract become binding?
In order to participate in the housing selection process, everyone must sign a housing contract.
The housing contract becomes binding when a group leader selects housing for the housing group or a student is assigned housing by a H.R.E. Center staff member at the student request.