URL: https://www.wpi.edu/student-experience/first-year-experience
TITLE: The First-Year Experience | Worcester Polytechnic Institute

The First-Year Experience
Resources and support for incoming students
Welcome to WPI!
Keeping students engaged and motivated throughout their college experience is fundamental to a WPI education. That engagement starts in the months leading up to your arrival on campus, to New Student Orientation where you will meet upperclassmen, faculty, and staff and learn all about campus life, to immersion into our distinctive programs focused on a successful transition to college (in and out of the classroom), to initiation into university-level research and the project-based curriculum.
Get ready by reviewing the necessary documents to submit, exploring housing and dining opportunities, attending the orientation program, and more.
Transfer Student Checklist
Get Ready
CONTACT
Office:
First Year Program
Phone:
508-831-5381
welcome@wpi.edu
Twitter
Icon of Twitter Logo
Instagram
Icon of Instagram symbol
Facebook
Icon of Facebook logo
TikTok
Icon of TikTok Logo
Youtube
Icon of Youtube Logo
LinkedIn
Icon of LinkedIn Logo
We are very excited for you to begin your journey at WPI. Please use the information found on this site to navigate your next steps and get ready to join us in the Fall!
I am a...
Incoming First-Year Student
Incoming First-Year Student
This website will guide you through the steps necessary to join us in August. You can start the process and return as often as you need to, but some items must be completed in a specific timeframe—check back regularly to make sure all tasks are completed on schedule.
Visit New Student Onboarding Hub
Incoming Transfer Student
Incoming Transfer Student
Need info on how to transition to WPI as a transfer student?
Visit Accepted Transfer Student page
Prospective Student
Prospective Student
Interested in a campus tour, the admissions process, and learning more about WPI?
Visit Undergraduate Admissions
Parent or Guardian
Parent or Guardian
Visit the parent and guardians’ website for tips, resources, and information on how you can provide support throughout your student’s transition to college.
Parent & Guardian Page