URL: https://haas.berkeley.edu/faculty-research/visiting-executives-and-scholars
TITLE: Visiting Executives & Scholars - Faculty Research & Centers - UC Berkeley Haas

Executives in Residence
Executives in Residence are senior industry executives who give their time and specialized expertise to Berkeley Haas, guest lecture in classes, and teach in Berkeley Executive Education programs.
Current
Will Kabat-Zinn
,  is a mindfulness and meditation teacher whose passion is to help people wake up to their own deepest nature and to embody this truth in their work, life, and relationships.  He has taught mindfulness and meditation to neuroscientists who study the effects of mindfulness and meditation on the brain, law enforcement professionals, incarcerated youth, and business and technology leaders from around the world.  Will helps businesses to think systemically about mindful culture and coaches leading technology innovators in Silicon Valley.  He leads meditation retreats nationally and internationally and is a longtime member of the Spirit Rock Teachers Council.  He holds a B.A. from Cornell University and an MA in Counseling Psychology from CIIS. Will is working with Clark Kellogg to develop innovative practices around mindfulness in the classroom and in business.
Former
Barbara Waugh
, formerly with Hewlett-Packard, helped develop the Berkeley Haas Innovation Lab and improve the Center for Young Entrepreneurs at Haas (YEAH), on improvements to the YEAH program.
Ron Ashkenas,
a senior partner of Schaffer Consulting focuses on the school’s online learning initiatives and Haas@Work course.
David Riemer
, former vice president of marketing for Yahoo!, meets with and trains executives, entrepreneurs, artists and students to focus their ideas and tell captivating stories.
Matthew Stepka,
is Managing Partner of Machina Ventures, an investment firm focused on early stage, artificial intelligence and data science enabled companies. Until recently, Matthew was Vice President, Special Projects at Google, where he led and incubated strategic initiatives, especially mission-driven projects with high social impact. Over nine years with the company, he led efforts ranging from expanding Internet access, developing clean energy, strengthening freedom of expression and democracy, and extending Google’s footprint in emerging markets. In addition, he helped set product strategy and organization in various areas, including robotics, pricing and partnerships.
Susanne Stormer,
Vice President of Corporate Sustainability at the Danish-based pharmaceutical company, Novo Nordisk where she set the strategic direction for the company’s positioning as a sustainability leader and a pioneer in demonstrating the long-term business value of incorporating economic, social and environmental perspectives into its market proposition.
She is an adjunct professor at the Copenhagen Business School, and a Berkeley Social Impact Fellow at Berkeley Social Impact Fellow at the Institute for Business & Social Impact (IBSI) at UC Berkeley-Haas School of Business. She is a member of the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC), and member of the Board of Access to Nutrition Foundation.
Executive Fellows
Berkeley Haas executive fellows are respected executives and thought leaders who serve as advisers to the dean, faculty, and staff. Students also are exposed to the trailblazing ideas and expertise of Haas executive fellows through their participation in various events and programs throughout the school year.
John Hanke, MBA 96
, Vice President, Head of Niantic Labs, Google
Debby Hopkins
, Chief Innovation Officer, Citi and CEO, Citi Ventures
Guy Kawasaki
, Chief Evangelist, Canva
Tom Kelley, MBA 93
, General Manager, Ideo
Howard Morgan
, Founding Partner, First Round Capital
Paul Rice MBA 96
, Founder, President & CEO, Fair Trade USA
Biz Stone
, Co-founder, Twitter and Co-founder & CEO, Jelly Industries
Visiting Scholars
The
Visiting Scholar Program
hosts national and international scholars interested in using the intellectual resources of school to further their research.
Next:
Faculty in Public Policy