URL: https://haas.berkeley.edu/Undergrad
TITLE: Undergraduate Program - UC Berkeley Haas

Announcements
UGBA 100 Completion Requirement (Junior-Year Deadline)
UGBA 100 is a required course for all Haas Undergraduate Business Administration majors and must be completed by the end of your junior year. If you have not completed UGBA 100 by your junior-year deadline, a registration hold will be placed on your student account. This hold may prevent you from enrolling in future courses until you have a plan to complete the requirement.
Data 89 Update
Data 89 is being added to the list of eligible courses effective Spring 2026 semester as fulfilling the Statistics requirement with a connector course — this means the class needs to be taken in addition to Stat/Data/Info/CS C8 (as one option to fulfill the Statistics requirement for Haas.)
Enrollment in Haas Undergraduate Business Courses
Students interested in enrolling in UGBA courses should review the Haas enrollment policies, priority order, and deadlines prior to registration. Business Administration majors receive priority enrollment, with many courses opening to non-majors during Phase II and the Adjustment Period. Students are encouraged to have back-up courses in case space is limited and to confirm that prerequisites have been met.
Learn more about Haas enrollment policies
For Prospective Continuing Berkeley Students
Students preparing for or declared in the College of Engineering in one of the M.E.T. academic tracks or Molecular & Cell Biology or Integrative Biology or Neuroscience and interested in pursuing the business major must apply to M.E.T. or LSBE, respectively, and may not apply to the business major for a simultaneous degree.
Continuing Berkeley students interested in applying to the business major, LSBE or M.E.T. programs may complete the Haas prerequisite UGBA 10 (Principles of Business) at a community college. Please utilize
assist.org
to identify approved UGBA 10 equivalent courses.
Learn more about applying as a continuing Berkeley student
Take Your Next First Step Here
Admissions
If you’re considering applying to the Berkeley Haas undergraduate program, you’re about to embark on an exciting journey that could shape your future in countless ways.
Community
Entering the program in cohorts, students are members of a close-knit, supportive peer network. Through their diversity of ideas and backgrounds and shared experiences at Haas, they build bonds that will last a lifetime.
Student Experience
The Haas experience offers opportunities for personal growth beyond the classroom, including leadership development, career development, and close interaction with staff, faculty and alumni.
The Haas Difference
#1
Public university worldwide according U.S. News & World Report
45,000
Haas Alumni Worldwide
#1
for venture-backed companies founded by UG alumni according to Pitchbook
Our Programs
Spieker Undergraduate Business Program
This highly competitive program accepts applicants from high school, transfer, and continuing UC Berkeley students.
Global Management Program
A freshman admit program for students interested in learning about business from a global perspective.
Robinson Life Sciences, Business, and Entrepreneurship Program
A joint-degree program for Berkeley students interested in studying both biology and business.
Management, Entrepreneurship, & Technology Program
A dual degree program for students interested in studying both engineering and business.
Upcoming Events
View All Events
Learn More and Apply
Application Information