URL: https://haas.berkeley.edu/undergrad/admissions/scholarships
TITLE: Scholarships - Undergraduate Program - UC Berkeley Haas

Scholarships Awarded by Haas
Students directly admitted to a Haas Undergraduate Programs may be considered for Haas specific scholarships, awarded by the Haas Undergraduate Programs Office Scholarship Committee.
These scholarship awards are possible due to the generosity and support of Haas donors, who are dedicated to helping incoming Haas students meet the cost of attendance. Invitations to apply will be sent from the Haas Undergraduate Programs Office Scholarship Committee directly to qualified candidates after admissions decisions have been released.
Only California residents are eligible for Haas specific scholarships. International students are not eligible for federal financial aid or institutional aid managed by the Financial Aid and Scholarships Office at UC Berkeley. However, the Financial Aid and Scholarships Office website provides information about
other options
.
Spieker Scholars Program
The Spieker Scholars Program is the most comprehensive scholarship offered by the Spieker Undergraduate Business Program to entering undergraduate students. This scholarship is made possible by the generosity of Haas alumnus, and Spieker Program founder, Warren “Ned” Spieker, BS 66, and his wife, Carol, BA 66.
Invitations to apply are extended to a select cohort of students who stand out for their demonstrated embodiment of the
Haas Defining Leadership Principles
. It is renewable on an annual basis (up to four years), based on the unmet financial need (as defined by the FAFSA) for the scholarship recipient
Meet the current Spieker Scholars, and hear their perspectives on the Program and Berkeley Haas.
Expand All
Benefits
Spieker Scholars Program Benefits
Monetary Award and Scholarship Tenure:
The Spieker Scholars Program scholarship includes a monetary award that is renewable annually…
Faculty and Alumni Mentorship:
Scholars have access to Haas faculty and alumni…
Leadership Development Stipend:
Scholars have access to stipend funds…
Annual Lunch with the Spieker Family:
Spieker Scholars will connect with the Spieker Family…
Selection Process
Spieker Scholars Program Selection Process
Select candidates from the top applicants to a Haas Program are
invited
to apply through a holistic review process
Applicants are reviewed and
interviewed
in early April; interviews are conducted virtually with a committee of Haas Staff & Faculty
Decision notifications are sent by the third week of April (before SIR deadline on May 1)
Joseph Pell Memorial Scholarship
The Joseph Pell Memorial Scholarship was created by Eda Pell, in honor of her late husband Joseph Pell, who survived the Holocaust, moved to the Bay Area, and built a fortune from very little.
It is the donor’s wish that this scholarship will empower students to attend Haas, graduate with less financial debt, and then make a mark on the world as impactful, inclusive and ethical leaders.
The scholarship is extended to a select cohort of students who stand out for their demonstrated embodiment of the Haas Defining Leadership Principles and is renewable on an annual basis (up to four years), based on the unmet financial need (as defined by the FAFSA) for the scholarship recipient.
Expand All
Benefits
Joseph Pell Memorial Scholarship Benefits
Monetary Award and Scholarship Tenure:
The Joseph Pell Memorial Scholarship includes a monetary award that is renewable annually for up to a maximum of eight semesters for incoming first year students. Scholars with financial need are awarded a scholarship up to their full need as assessed by the Financial Aid and Scholarships Office.
Annual Lunch with the Pell Family:
Pell Scholarship recipients will have the opportunity to connect with the Pell Family via an annual stewardship lunch.
Selection Process
Joseph Pell Memorial Scholarship Selection Process
Select candidates from the top applicants to a Haas Program are
invited
to apply through a holistic review process
Applicants are reviewed in early July
Decision notifications are sent by the end of July or early August (after SIR deadline)
First-Year Leadership Scholarship
The scholarship is extended to a select cohort of students who stand out for their demonstrated embodiment of excellent leadership. This scholarship is a First-Year scholarship and is not renewable. Awards are based on the unmet financial need (as defined by the FAFSA) for the scholarship recipient.
Expand All
Benefits
Monetary Award and Scholarship Tenure:
The First-Year Leadership Scholarship includes a monetary one-time award for up to a maximum of two semesters for incoming first year students. Scholars with financial need are awarded a scholarship up to their full need as assessed by the Financial Aid and Scholarships Office.
Selection Process
First-Year Leadership Scholarship Selection Process
Select candidates from the top applicants to a Haas Program are
invited
to apply through a holistic review process. There are 2 application cycles; one in April and one in July.
Cycle 1 Applicants are reviewed in April; Cycle 2 applicants are reviewed in July
Cycle 1 decision notifications are sent by the end of April; Cycle 2 decision notifications are sent in early August (after SIR deadline)
Scholarships Awarded by UC Berkeley
The greater UC Berkeley campus offers a variety of scholarship programs that can help you fund your education. In addition, you can search for outside scholarships to help with your educational expenses. ​Please review the following
UC Berkeley scholarship
opportunities offered outside of Haas, with links provided for more information.
Blue & Gold Scholarship
​The University of California
Blue and Gold Opportunity Plan
makes college more affordable for California residents. The plan helps you cover your UC systemwide tuition and fees if you are a California resident with an annual family income of less than $80,000 a year and are eligible for financial aid.
Pell Grant
28% of Undergrads Receive
Federal Pell Grant
. Federal Pell Grants are federally funded grants that help more than 7 million students pay their educational expenses each year.
Fiat Lux Scholarship
The
Fiat Lux Scholarship
creates opportunities for resilient students with unique life experiences to make a profound impact at the University of California, Berkeley. Established for high-achieving students from partner high schools in California, the scholarship provides monetary, community, and academic support to UC Berkeley students.
Regents and Chancellor’s Scholarship
The
Regents’ and Chancellor’s Scholarship
is the most prestigious scholarship offered by UC Berkeley to entering undergraduate students.
The scholarship is extended to a select cohort of Berkeley undergraduates who stand out for their creativity, leadership, service, and strong convictions. Candidates reflect one of the highest principles of this institution: commitment to excellence.
The Regents’ and Chancellor’s Scholarship is available to first-year and transfer students.
Next:
Class Profile