URL: https://haas.berkeley.edu/undergrad/admissions/application-process/continuing-students
TITLE: Continuing UC Berkeley Students - Undergraduate Program - UC Berkeley Haas

Continuing UC Berkeley students can apply to the Haas School of Business through one of these program options:
Two-Year Spieker Undergraduate Business Program (Business Major)
If you’re entering UC Berkeley as a first-year or sophomore student and want to major in business, you can apply to our two-year undergraduate business program during your sophomore or junior year.
Applying to the two-year Spieker Undergraduate Business Program ↓
Robinson Life Science, Business, and Entrepreneurship Program
The Robinson Life Science, Business, and Entrepreneurship (LSBE) Program is a partnership between the Haas School of Business and the College of Letters & Science. Students earn two bachelor’s degrees in as few as four years. You’ll begin course planning during your first year at Berkeley and apply to the program during your sophomore year.
Applying to the Robinson LSBE Program →
Management, Entrepreneurship, & Technology (M.E.T.) Program
Current UC Berkeley College of Engineering sophomores majoring in an
M.E.T. academic track
are eligible to apply to the M.E.T. program during the spring of their sophomore year. If admitted, students will join M.E.T. during their junior year. Students enrolled in any other college at UC Berkeley are not eligible to apply to the M.E.T. program.
Applying to the M.E.T. Program →
Applying to the Spieker Undergraduate Business Program as a Continuing UC Berkeley Student
If you’re currently an undergrad at UC Berkeley, you may apply to the business major during your sophomore or junior year.
You may only apply once.
We evaluate applicants based on the following factors:
Grades & Coursework
Essays
Activities & Awards
Note:
Students preparing for or declared in the College of Engineering in one of the M.E.T. academic tracks or Molecular & Cell Biology or Integrative Biology or Neuroscience and interested in pursuing the business major must apply to M.E.T. or LSBE, respectively, and may not apply to the business major for a simultaneous degree.
How to Apply
Follow the steps below to apply to the Berkeley Haas Undergraduate Business Program as a continuing UC Berkeley student.
Expand All
Step 1: Complete and submit the Haas online application.
The
Haas application
opens at
12:00 noon PST on March 2, 2026
.
The application includes:
A self-reported academic record,
Two essay questions,
Activities and awards report, and
Video interview upload
Click here for more information about the Video Interview!
You must submit the completed application by
4:00 p.m. PDT on March 31, 2026
.
Step 2: Complete prerequisites by the end of the spring semester.
These requirements must be completed by the end of the spring semester prior to fall entry into Haas:
Complete a minimum of 60 semester units.
Complete all major prerequisite courses listed below with a letter grade of C- or higher.
Note: Admission to the business major is competitive and highly selective. Grades in prerequisite courses are essential in helping us assess a student’s ability to handle the academic rigor of the business major. Therefore the admission committee prefers that students take prerequisite courses for a letter grade. If you opt to take a prerequisite P/NP as allowed by your current college, the Haas admission committee will require that you submit a letter from the professor or the department stating what the letter grade would’ve been. Taking prerequisites P/NP or failing to submit a letter could adversely affect your admission decision.
Prerequisite courses and appropriate exam credit may not be more than five (5) years old.
Each course must be worth a minimum of three (3) semester or four (4) quarter units.
Once at UCB, all remaining prerequisites must be completed at UCB with the exception of Reading & Composition and Introductory Business (UGBA 10X).
If you repeated or took more than one course to fulfill a prerequisite, you must use the first attempt to satisfy the requirement. If you received a C- or higher for your first attempt, you should not repeat the prerequisite.
Advanced Placement (AP), International Baccalaureate (IB), and GCE Advanced Level
exam scores may satisfy some prerequisite course requirements
.
Required Prerequisite Courses
Introductory Business (UGBA 10X) Requirement
The introductory business requirement may be completed at other institutions. Find pre-approved California Community College courses on
ASSIST.
The Haas Admissions Committee has no preference for applicants who take UGBA 10X at UC Berkeley or if they take the pre-approved Principles of Business/Introduction to Business course off-campus at community college. Both versions will be viewed equally.
Economics, and Statistics
One introductory economics course (ECON 1 or ECON 2) and
One introductory course in probability and statistics for business. Students may choose one of the following statistics courses:
STAT 20
STAT 21
STAT 131A
STAT 134
STAT/DATA 140
STAT/DATA/INFO/CS 8 + UGBA 88 or DATA C88S/STAT C88S or DATA 89
Calculus
Two (2) semesters of calculus. Students may choose from among the following courses or course combinations:
MATH 16A + MATH 16B
MATH 51 (formerly MATH 1A)+ MATH 52 (formerly MATH 1B)
MATH 16A + MATH 52 (formerly MATH 1B)
MATH 51 (formerly MATH 1A) + MATH 16B
MATH 53
MATH 54
MATH 56
Reading & Composition (R&C) Requirement
Parts A and B of Reading and Composition.
The R&C requirement may be completed at other institutions. Find pre-approved California Community College courses on
ASSIST
or use the Transfer Courses For Reading & Composition lookup tool to
find a list of equivalent courses at other institutions
.
Advisor’s Tip: Use our
Self-Reported Academic Record & Sample Plan (Google Docs)
to plan courses and track your progress.
Admissions & Enrollment Timeline
Date
Admission or Enrollment Event
March 2, 2026
Haas application
opens at 12:00 noon PST.
March 31, 2026
Application deadline. Submit by 4:00 p.m. PST.
May 15, 2026
Spring semester ends. Prerequisites must be complete.
May 22, 2026
Last day to withdraw your application to Haas
Mid-June
Admission decisions available at 4:00 p.m. PST
Late August
New Student Welcome event and fall classes begin. See the
UC Berkeley academic calendar
for more details.
Have questions? Check out our
FAQ for continuing students
and our
admissions events and advising
options.