URL: https://haas.berkeley.edu/undergrad/academics/advising
TITLE: Advising - Undergraduate Program - UC Berkeley Haas

Advising Services
Looking to speak with an Academic Advisor? You’re welcome to:
Contact an Advisor by Email
Business majors, please use the contact email address on CalCentral under “My Academics” and “Advising.”
For questions regarding
admission
to the Undergraduate Program, please email
[email protected]
Make An Appointment
Business Administration majors can meet with their assigned Academic Advisor for 15-20 minute virtual appointments. Our appointments are perfect for questions about your academic progress, questions about courses, or exploring how to maximize your time at UC Berkeley.
Students declared in the major can schedule an appointment using the link found on CalCentral under “My Academics” and “Advising.”
For prospective students, please see the
Haas Undergraduate Admissions – Events & Advising
page for upcoming informational events and pre-admissions advising information.
Drop-In Without an Appointment (Haas Student Services Building S460)
The Spring 2026 drop-in advising schedule will be the following:
Monday | Wednesday  – 1:00 PM – 4:00 PM
Tuesday | Thursday – 9:00 AM – 12:00 PM
Friday – 1:00PM – 3:00PM
Please note upcoming office closures and drop-in advising modifications:
April 9, 2026: Closed at 2:30pm
April 30, 2026: Closed 12pm-2pm
Advising Appointment Attendance Policy
When you make an appointment, we set aside that time specifically for you. Only schedule an appointment that you can attend, as no-shows and last minute cancellations prevent us from assisting other students.
Canceling appointments:
If you are unable to attend your appointment, please cancel your appointment in advance online or contact the advisor by email.
Late arrival:
If you know you will be late to your appointment, please notify the advisor by email. If you are more than 5 minutes late to your appointment and have not notified the advisor, the appointment will be canceled and you will need to re-schedule another appointment.
“No Show” Policy:
If you miss two or more appointments with an advisor without providing advanced notice, the Department reserves the right to cancel any future appointments.
Haas Advising Resources
We are pleased to provide you with access to advisors, career counselors, tutoring, career events, along with countless student organizations. The goal of the Undergraduate program office is to provide you with resources and opportunities to achieve your academic and career goals.
Our Advising Staff
Our Career Counselors
Our Tutoring Support
Student Government & Organizations
Campus Resources
University Health Services
Self Care Tips Video (University Health Services)
UC Berkeley Basic Needs Center
Student Learning Center
Student Technology Equity Program (STEP)
Recreational Sports Online