URL: https://haas.berkeley.edu/undergrad/student-experience/for-graduating-seniors
TITLE: For Graduating Seniors - Undergraduate Program - UC Berkeley Haas

Spring 2026 Haas Undergraduate Program Commencement
Participating in the Ceremony
The Haas School of Business holds a commencement ceremony at the end of each Spring semester. Undergraduate Business Majors who are completing degree requirements in Fall 2025, Spring 2026, Summer 2026 and Fall 2026 are invited to participate in the event.
Majors who are completing degree requirements in Fall 2026 also have the option of attending the ceremony the Spring semester after they graduate.
Graduates are not expected to buy a ticket. Their ticket will be their namecard. Students should pick up their namecard in S460 by May 15th.
If you were unable to register for the Haas Commencement, but are eligible to graduate in the following terms: Fa25, Sp26, Su26, Fa26, or earlier then you are still able to participate in the ceremony. You need to arrive at 8 AM and go directly to the check-in table in the Bowles Lot.
Ceremony
The Commencement ceremony will be held at the Hearst Greek Theatre on
Wednesday
, May 20th at 9 AM.
Doors will open on the North Gate end at 8 AM for audience members.
Before the Ceremony
The gates to the Greek Theatre will open at 8 AM for Families, Guests and Graduates. Families and Guests need to enter through the
North Gate
(concessions side) and Graduates through the
South Gate (Bowles Lot)
. Families and Guests in wheelchairs and those that have difficulty with stairs should also enter through the
North
Gate
.
Graduates should proceed to the backstage area to fill out a name card, specifying how they would like their name read. The graduates will be in single file when they leave the backstage area and should stand either in front of or behind the person they wish to sit with.
At 9am the music will begin and the graduates will march out to the seating area.
The ceremony will proceed as listed in the program:
Commencement Address,
Acknowledgement of the Departmental Citation Winner,
Defining Life Principles Award Winners,
Student Speaker.
After the Student Speaker, each graduate will walk across the stage to have his or her name read by the Assistant Dean and Faculty, receive a scroll, and have a picture taken with the Dean before proceeding back to the seating area. The ceremony will last approximately two hours.
Commencement Speaker for Spring 2026
Adam Foroughi, BS 01, CEO & co-founder, AppLovin
As co-founder and CEO of AppLovin, Adam Foroughi, BS 01, uses his unique blend of product acumen and creative thinking to keep the AppLovin team in motion.
Under his leadership, AppLovin has grown to become a global, publicly traded company. Founded in 2012, AppLovin enables businesses to advertise profitably with marketing technologies that attract customers, increase revenue, and track ad performance.
Foroughi began his career as a derivatives trader, building scalable, data-driven trading models that created profitable results. He then founded two companies, LifeStreet Media and Social Hour, applying and expanding his knowledge of mobile technology.
In 2018, he received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award.
Tickets for the Ceremony
Tickets will be available to the public on Tuesday, April 14th, at noon. Guests can purchase up to 10 tickets online at on
this page,
via phone at 510-642-9988 or in person at the Ticket Office in Zellerbach Hall (Tues-Fri 12pm to 5:30pm, Sat-Sun 1pm to 5pm). Tickets purchased through these means will be delivered via email only.
Graduating Seniors can purchase tickets via a secure link emailed to them from the UG Program Office.
No paper tickets will be available for pick up at the Ticket Office. They are only offered virtually.
Every person entering the Greek Theater regardless of age will need a ticket.
Graduates are not expected to buy a ticket. Their ticket will be their namecard. Namecards can be picked up in the Undergraduate Programs Office in S460.
Security
As a security measure, there will be body scanners at each entrance at the venue. It is recommended that all graduates and guests allow for extra time upon arrival for this extra step.
Please note that security will be checking bags at the entrance to the Greek Theatre. Guests can bring small or medium sized bags, but please note that the following items are
not allowed
in the Greek Theatre:
Large bags or backpacks
Glass bottles or aluminum cans
Alcoholic beverages
Tobacco products
Animals (except for documented service animals)
Lawn furniture (low-backed stadium seats are permitted)
Noisemakers/Airhorns/Musical Instruments
Umbrellas (small umbrellas for sun/rain protection are permitted)
Balloons (may be tied up and left at entrance)
Tripods for cameras
Coolers/Ice Chests
Signs/Banners/Flags
Rolls of toilet paper
Confetti/Glitter
Streamers
Strollers (designated stroller parking is available)
Any item that can be perceived as a weapon
Strollers
Please note that strollers are not allowed in the Greek Theatre, but there will be stroller parking at the entrance to the theatre.
Expectations
Please refrain from any action that disrupts the event or prevents the speakers from being heard. This includes shouting over speakers, speaking out of turn, blocking others’ view, and displaying banners and signs. Individuals who are disruptive will be asked to leave.
Celebration
There will be a celebration for all students and their guests immediately after the ceremony in the Haas Courtyard. More information to follow.
Cap and Gown Information
All graduates should be dressed in formal regalia or business casual attire.
NEW for Spring 2026
: Beginning this year, in partnership with Herff Jones, and in collaboration with Cal Zero Waste, UC Berkeley will outfit graduates in custom EarthGrad™ regalia, Herff Jones’ fully sustainable and industry-leading academic attire.
Note this is a rental option and is the most sustainable
. The link to obtain regalis is here:
https://colleges.herffjones.com/college/ucberkeley/
If you purchased or borrowed a solid black gown from a previous graduate, you are welcome to wear it. Please know that the majority of the class will be in the new blue/gold design so there will be a level of “mismatched” regalia. We are absolutely fine with this, but wanted to be sure you were aware.
Order Deadlines
For free shipping to the Cal Student Store the order deadline is:
Friday, March 27th
at 8:59 PM.
For a fee, you can have regalia shipped to your home and the deadline to order is
Monday, April 20th
at 8:59 PM.
For an increased fee, you can have regalia shipped with expedited shipping, and the deadline to order is
Friday, May 1st
at 8:59 PM.
If you prefer to rent your regalia in-person, you can do so at the Cal Student Store beginning on
May 4th.
Note that lines at the Cal Student store during Commencement season can be quite long.
Commencement-related Merchandise
Rings and Announcements
Photographer
Grad Images will be taking photographs of each graduate as they are given their scroll and as they are congratulated by the Dean. Please see their web site at
https://www.gradimages.com/
NEW for Spring 2026
: All graduates will need to register online and upload a photo of their face prior to walking the stage. This will allow GradImages to identify students more accurately during the ceremony.
You can upload your photo using this
QR Code
. The priority deadline for uploading is by May 15th.
Coupons for purchase can be picked up in S460 by May 15th.
StageClip
New for Spring 2026:
We’re excited to announce our partnership with StageClip (
https://stageclip.com/)
to provide you with a personalized video clip of your graduation moment. This special keepsake will feature your name, degree, and a highlight of you crossing the stage, perfect for sharing with your family and friends.
No action is needed if you would like to receive a free personalized graduation video
delivered straight to your inbox. We will provide StageClip with the information necessary in order for you to receive your video.
However, if you are not interested in receiving this video
and communication from StageClip you have the opportunity to
opt out by Thursday, April 23rd.
Simply complete the
Opt-Out Form
. You do not need to complete this form if you would like to receive your StageClip.
Driving and Parking
We highly recommend you and your guests arrive at the venue early to find parking. This
parking flyer
provides guidance for parking for all commencement guests.
All ADA guests should arrive early to reserve an ADA spot in one of the many lots highlighted on the parking flyer. This excerpt is directly from the
Greek Theatre website
:
Disabled parking
is available at Upper Hearst parking garage at the corner of Hearst Ave and Gayley Road. Upper Hearst parking garage has the best path of travel (one relatively level block) from the parking area to the Greek Theatre. Please note that there is a curbside drop-off area on Gayley Road just north of the Greek Theatre entrance for passengers with mobility disabilities who prefer to minimize the travel distance to the Greek Theatre.
Parking Flyer for Spring 2025
Parking to Greek Theatre and Directions
Public Parking for Department Graduations
Rain or Shine
The Commencement ceremony and reception will be held in the locations designated above rain or shine.
Visas for International Guests
Use this form below if you would like to request a visa for your international guest to the ceremony.
Undergraduate Haas Commencement Visa Letter Request Form
Haas Alumni Web Page
Alumni Email Services
Ordering Your
Diploma
and Final
Transcript
Complete the “Career Destinations Survey”
We invite you to take the Berkeley Career Engagement’s
First Destination Survey
, to share your plans after graduation. This brief survey will take no more than 5 minutes and provides Haas with invaluable information that will help us better provide resources and guidance to your peers who follow you. Even if you haven’t yet accepted a full-time job or heard from grad school, please complete the survey now – you can return to it again once your plans settle. As an alum, you continue to have access to
Handshake
for a full 5 years after graduation – we hope you’ll take advantage of that as you need it.  If you run into any issues accessing the survey, please reach out to Karen Lin (
[email protected]
) directly.
Live Stream of Ceremony