URL: https://haas.berkeley.edu/undergrad/academics/courses/enrollment
TITLE: Enrollment - Undergraduate Program - UC Berkeley Haas

Haas Auditing Policy
Auditing of Undergraduate Business courses is not allowed.
Time Conflict
Time Conflict overrides are not be permitted. Students hoping to enroll in two conflicting courses must select one course. This applies to all Business Administration courses, regardless of course modality (online-asynchronous) or if course attendance is taken.
Course Enrollment Information
On a space available basis, the Undergraduate Program Office enrolls Haas majors first in Business courses, regardless of wait list position, followed by non-Haas students starting from the top of the wait list. All waitlisted students are strongly advised to have a back-up course. Priority for enrollment in undergraduate Business courses is as follows:
Phase 1
Enrollment into most UGBA courses will be restricted to students in the Business Administration major with 5 or more terms of attendance. The Undergraduate Program Office recommends that all other eligible students wait list themselves during Phase I.
Phase 2
Enrollment into most UGBA courses will continue to be restricted to students in the Business Administration major with 5 or more terms of attendance for the first two weeks.
After two weeks, students on the waitlist will be admitted into the course:
Business Administration majors with 5 or more terms of attendance
Non-Business Administration majors with 5 or more terms of attendance
(In Select-Courses) Business Administration Second Year students
Concurrent Enrollment students
Graduate Students
Adjustment Period:
When the Adjustment Period begins, students will be ushered into the course from the waitlist based on available space.
Instructor Drop
Any student not meeting listed prerequisites for Business courses or not attending in the first three weeks of instruction may be “Instructor Dropped” from the class list or wait list.
Select-Courses for Second Year Business Administration Students
Our team has curated a specialized list of upper division courses for second year Business Administration students to consider for enrollment. In the courses listed below, second year students in the Business Administration major will be admitted into the course if they are on the waitlist during Phase 2. Second Year students on the waitlist for upper-division UGBA courses not listed below will not be enrolled into those courses until the start of the adjustment period.
Course
Title
Notes
UGBA 101A
MicroEconomic Analysis for Business Decisions
Strongly recommended that students have completed Econ 1 or Econ 2
UGBA 101B
MacroEconomic Analysis for Business Decisions
Strongly recommended that students have completed Econ 1 or Econ 2
UGBA 102A
Financial Accounting
Strongly recommended that students have completed the lower division math requirements
UGBA 107
The Social, Political, and Ethical Environment of Business
–
UGBA 135
Personal Financial Management
–
UGBA C196C
Berkeley ChangeMaker
Crosslisted with UGBA C12 | Recommended to register for UGBA C196C to earn units towards elective requirements
UGBA 198
DeCal Courses (Updated every semester)
Enrollment for these courses will not be released to anyone until the adjustment period.
Upper Division Courses for First Year, First Semester Students
All First year, first semester students will be prohibited from enrolling in Upper Division Business courses. Below is a list of courses for Fall 2025 that are open for first year students:
UGBA 135
Enforced Prerequisite Classes for Spring 2026
All students WISHING TO TAKE THE COURSES BELOW should have completed or have in progress the enforced prerequisites before
Spring 2026
. If a student will not have the prerequisite completed by the beginning of
Spring 2026
, then the student will be dropped from the class list. See more details in the Class Notes section on
classes.berkeley.edu
Class
Prerequisite Course Number
UGBA 102B
UGBA 102A (can be taken concurrently with UGBA 102B)
UGBA 167.1
UGBA 106
Lower division versions of the prerequisite will not be allowed. *All community college classes are considered lower division and will not satisfy the enforced prerequisites.*
NEW DEADLINE
Students are allowed to add and drop classes up to 11:59pm on Wednesday of the fourth week of classes.
The Undergraduate Program finalizes enrollment on Friday of the fourth week of classes. Students should check their enrollment in business classes on CalCentral on Friday by 11:59pm. If they have not been enrolled in a course by that time, they should NOT continue to attend as they will not be added to the class.
Professors and GSIs CANNOT enroll students in Business Administration/UGBA courses.
Auditing of Undergraduate Business courses is not allowed.
Concurrent Enrollment
Berkeley Courses for Non-Berkeley Students
Students at other colleges, UC employees, and others, can take UC Berkeley courses through UC Berkeley Extension’s Concurrent Enrollment program. This program allows you, for a fee, to participate fully in a Berkeley class, have homework and exams graded, and receive an official course grade. If you wish to take a Haas undergraduate course from the list below through the Concurrent Enrollment Program, please see
UC Berkeley Extension’s website to complete an application
.
Requirements for admission to a course as a Concurrent Enrollment student are below:
The course does not have a wait list of current UC Berkeley students.
The course is not over-enrolled.
The prerequisite for the course is not being enforced. See the notes section at:
https://classes.berkeley.edu/
The course is NOT open to current UC Berkeley Business majors ONLY.
The Professor teaching the course has given their consent for concurrent enrollment.
Please see below for the list of Haas Undergraduate Program courses that are currently open to concurrent enrollment students. Haas Undergraduate Program courses that are not on this list are not open to concurrent enrollment students. Concurrent enrollment applications submitted for UGBA courses that are not on the list below will be denied. Visiting students participating in the Berkeley Haas Global Access Program (BHGAP) will have priority in registering for the following courses. Although faculty may recommend a student for a course, the final decision is made by the Haas Undergraduate Program Office. Haas Undergraduate Faculty do not control enrollment in undergraduate business courses.
Be advised that the list below is subject to change. There is no guarantee of enrollment in any of these courses. We highly recommend you have back-up courses in case you do not get in your desired UGBA class(es).
If you have a question regarding Concurrent Enrollment you may email
[email protected]
List of Open Courses for Spring 2026
Updated 1.30.26
Course
Course Name
Instructor(s)
CCN
Section
UGBA101A
MicroEconomic Analysis for Business Decisions
Mina Mirazimi
20833
2
UGBA101A
MicroEconomic Analysis for Business Decisions
Mina Mirazimi
20833
1
UGBA101B
Macroeconomic Analysis for Business Decisions
Don Hanna
20270
1
UGBA 120AB
Intermediate Financial Accounting 2
Stephen W Etter
20367
1
UGBA121
Federal Income Tax Accounting
Eric D Ryan
20315
1
UGBA 122
Financial Information Analysis
John Briginshaw
20317
1
UGBA 128
Strategic Cost Management
John Briginshaw
20320
1
UGBA 157
Special Topics in the Management of Organizations: Decision Making
Celia Gaertig
20337
2
UGBA 169
Pricing
Wasim Azhar
20340
1
UGBA 171
Tech and the City: How to Get Urban Innovation Right
Molly S Turner
20418
1
UGBA 177
Special Topics in Business and Public Policy: The Rise of Global Innovation Centers: Lessons Learned from Silicon Valley and Silicon Wadi
Noga Abraham
20872
1
UGBA 184
Urban and Real Estate Economics
Antoine Levy
20836
1
UGBA 191L
Leadership Communication
Ingrid M Gavshon, Suzanne Houlihan
20402
1
UGBA192T
Topics in Responsible Business: Financial Tools for Social Impact
Brent A Copen
19666
5
UGBA192T
Topics in Responsible Business: Earth Centered Product Design & Operations
Amy Chan, Ganesh Iyer
34344
4
UGBA 192T
Topics in Responsible Business: Brands and Sustainability
Judy Hopelain
34343
2
UGBA192T
Topics in Responsible Business: Sustainable Capitalism in the Nordics
Robert Gavin Strand
19663
1
UGBA194
Undergraduate Colloquium on Business Topics
Douglas D Leeds
20120
2
UGBA 195T
Topics in Entrepreneurship: Space Economy
Abhijeet Kumar
34507
3
UGBA 199
Introductory Venture Capital Seminar
Stephen W Etter
13993
4
Academic Integrity
The following is the Haas School of Business’ policy as it relates to Academic Integrity:
1. To ensure that campus has a formal record, a faculty member will report any incident of academic dishonesty to the appropriate degree program office.
2. In resolving the incident, the degree program office will serve as a guide in dealing the student(s), faculty and the
Center for Student Conduct.
3. In cases of blatant academic dishonesty (as defined below), the presumption will be that the faculty member will assign to the student a final course grade of “F” and recommend to the CSCCS a one-semester suspension. Blatant academic dishonesty includes (but is not limited to):
3a. Arranging for another student to take an exam, or taking another student’s exam,
3b. Plagiarism consisting of inclusion without proper citation of more than 50 words composed by someone else,
3c. Submitting an exam answer that is virtually verbatim to that of another student, or willfully allowing other students to copy one’s own exam answers,
3d. Communicating with another student or using a resource (e.g., the internet) during the taking of an in-class or take-home exam, where the instructor has explicitly stated in writing that such communication or resource usage is impermissible.
Based on the specific circumstances of any particular incident, the faculty member retains the right to assign a final grade higher than an “F” and/or recommend to the CSCCS a sanction that is less or more severe than one-semester suspension. In any case, the CSCCS retains final authority to determine a student’s actual academic sanction(s), as per campus policy.
4. Note: Courses for which academic dishonesty has been verified by established campus procedures cannot be dropped from the record, nor can the grading option be changed. If a student drops a course in which academic dishonesty has been verified, the course will be reinstated and the grade will be posted to the student’s record. If a student changes the grading option in a course in which academic dishonesty has been verified, the the grading option will be reverted to the grading option on record at the time of the incident of misconduct and the grade will be posted to the student’s record.
5. At the beginning of each academic year, the Senior Assistant Dean for Instruction (SADI) will send an email to all students that stresses the importance of academic integrity, provides a link to a website with clear definition and examples of plagiarism, and emphasizes the Haas School’s policy regarding academic dishonesty.
Next:
FAQ