URL: https://haas.berkeley.edu/undergrad/admissions
TITLE: Admissions - Undergraduate Program - UC Berkeley Haas

If you’re considering applying to the Berkeley Haas undergraduate program, you’re about to embark on an exciting journey that could shape your future in countless ways.
Students who earn a Bachelor of Science (BS) degree in Business Administration from the Haas School of Business possess the knowledge and skills needed to understand the modern business world, achieve the highest levels of
success in their professional careers
, and prepare for subsequent graduate work.
What We Look For
The goal of our admissions process is to holistically evaluate every applicant’s fit for our programs. We also seek applicants who embody the
Berkeley Haas Defining Leadership Principles
:
Question the Status Quo
,
Confidence Without Attitude
,
Students Always
, and
Beyond Yourself
.
Our admissions committee seeks individuals who demonstrate promise for academic success and excellence in non-academic endeavors. Some key qualities and characteristics that we look for in undergraduate program applicants are
Academic achievement, including grades, course load, consistent academic excellence, and high performance in prerequisite courses,
Consistency and impact in extracurricular activities,
Personal attributes and life experience suggesting leadership, maturity, ethical character, teamwork, and goal orientation, and
Communication and analytical skills as demonstrated by responses to essay questions.
The Haas Difference
The Haas Undergraduate Program has been ranked as #1 for venture-backed companies founded by undergraduate alumni according to Pitchbook.
Pathways to Berkeley Haas
There are several different pathways to earning a bachelor’s degree from the Haas School of Business and our
application process
varies based on which path you choose. Choosing the best pathway for you depends on whether you’re applying as a high-school senior, an undergrad at Berkeley, or a transfer student:
For High School Students
Spieker Undergraduate Business Program
Global Management Program
Management, Entrepreneurship, & Technology (M.E.T.) Program
Learn more about
how to apply to Haas as a high school senior
. →
For Continuing UC Berkeley Students
Two-year Undergraduate Business Program (Business Major)
Robinson Life Science, Business, and Entrepreneurship (LSBE) Program
Management, Entrepreneurship, & Technology (M.E.T.) Program
(For current College of Engineering students only. Visit the M.E.T. website for more information.)
Learn more about
how to apply to Haas as a continuing UC Berkeley undergrad
. →
For Transfer Students
Two-year Undergraduate Business Program (Transfer Students)
Learn more about
how to apply to Haas as a transfer student
. →