URL: https://haas.berkeley.edu/undergrad/community/undergraduate-program-staff
TITLE: Undergraduate Program Staff - Undergraduate Program - UC Berkeley Haas

As passionate higher education professionals we look forward to helping you get the most out of your experience at Berkeley-Haas. We operate with a shared responsibility to empower our students to make informed decisions about the pursuit and completion of the business major. As such, we will guide and educate you about the personal and academic resources available to you, as well as interpret academic requirements, policies and procedures. We will also help you become independent learners and decision makers. We are here to listen, support, advise and provide equitable service to all our students. Our team is dedicated to providing high quality advising to you. Whether you visit the office in person or call, you will be able to talk to one of our advisors.
Please click here for our location, hours and contact information
Meet the Haas Undergraduate Program Staff
Emma Hayes Daftary
Assistant Dean of Undergraduate Programs
Emma has oversight over all Berkeley Haas undergraduate programs.
Elinor Gregorio
Director of Academic and Student Affairs
Elinor monitors degree progress for all Haas majors. She is also responsible for petitions, simultaneous degrees, and coordinating the Haas Undergraduate Commencement.
Anthea Yugawa
Director of Strategic Initiatives
Anthea (she/her/hers) leads the short and long term strategic goals, including program planning, evaluation/assessment, and transition of the two year Business degree to the four year Spieker Undergraduate Program set to launch in Fall 2024.
José Martinez
Associate Director of Academic Affairs
José supports the academic side of the undergraduate program, including course scheduling, graduation verifications, and policy review. He also manages our Undergraduate Tutoring Program, Haas-sponsored DeCals, and supports Case Competition teams.
Chris Corces-Zimmerman
Associate Director of Academic Affairs
Chris (he/him/they) supports students and faculty in the undergraduate program focusing on projects related to course planning and scheduling, graduation planning and reviews, and the administration of UGPO policies. He also works with Golden Bear Orientation (GBO) and the PreCore Summer Program, along with day-to-day academic advising with students.
Dr. Lauren Simon
Associate Director of Student Life & Leadership Development
Dr. Lauren Simon oversees student involvement through Haas, including Haas Sponsored Organizations, Haas Business Student Association, and the Summer BASE Program.
Nishat Tasnim
Intake Advisor
Nishat (she/her) is a recent Berkeley alumna and the newest member of our team. She is the first point of contact for students in the Undergraduate Program Office and provides guidance on both advising and admissions inquiries.
Next:
UC Berkeley