URL: https://haas.berkeley.edu/undergrad/academics/career-resources
TITLE: Career Resources - Undergraduate Program - UC Berkeley Haas

The dedicated business team at Berkeley Career Engagement (BCE, formerly Career Center) provides multiple career resources to Haas students, including 1:1 coaching, workshops, career fairs, interview rooms, professional photo booth, 24/7 online platforms, etc. to guide students in every step of your career journey.
Below are some highlighted resources. To learn more, visit
BCE Website
or their
Instagram page
.
1:1 Coaching
From perfecting your resume to accepting an offer or applying to graduate school,
1:1 coaching
is available via appointment on
Handshake
.
Career Fairs
BCE organizes various
career fairs
throughout the year, including themes such as Finance, Consulting, STEM, Nonprofit & Public Services, and Diversity & Inclusion, connecting students with opportunities across various industries.
Other Events
BCE also organizes
employer info sessions
, workshops, panels, and networking events that allow students to learn more about different career options and organizations. A list of upcoming career events can be found on
Handshake under the “Events” tab
.
On-Campus Interview (OCI)
During the fall and spring semesters, many employers conduct interviews at the BCE office for internships and full-time positions. OCI allows current students to interview for jobs and internships with top companies without having to leave campus.
Meet the Business Team at BCE
Karen Lin
Karen educates Haas students to be career-ready.
Janelle Spark
Janelle supports employers and alumni who are looking to hire business-minded students.
Career Outcome
Haas prepares students for lasting success. Students gain the knowledge and technical skills needed to navigate the challenging economic and societal issues of today as well as receive the essential experience to make a positive, lasting impact in the world of Industry.
Our graduates pursue a diverse range of careers, encompassing industries such as
Financial Services
Consulting
Technology
Healthcare
Consumer Goods
Entertainment
Non-profit
and assuming roles commonly in
Accounting
Finance
Consulting
Sales
Marketing
Business Analytics
Product management
Human resources
Supply chain management
The career outcome of our graduates offers the best proof of the quality education Haas provides. Class of 2025 graduates attained positions with an average starting salary of
$100,000
and 90% of graduates accepted a job or continued education offer within 3 months of graduation.
For more information on the career choices and salary information of our recent graduates in the last 3 years, please check BCE’s
First Destinations Survey
dashboard.
The undergraduate program provides a very high return on investment. According to
Poets and Quants
, “for the past five years, in-state students at the University of California-Berkeley’s Haas School of Business have enjoyed the best ROI with $1,194,000. The school is so dominant in the Payscale calculations that out-of-state business majors have the second best 20-year ROI at $1,097,000.”
Next:
Summer Session Opportunities at the Haas School of Business