URL: https://haas.berkeley.edu/undergrad/admissions/faq
TITLE: FAQ - Undergraduate Program - UC Berkeley Haas

Jump to a section:
General Program Questions
Admissions Questions
Video Interview Questions
For High School Students/First-year Applicants
For Continuing UC Berkeley Students
General Program Questions
Expand All
What makes Berkeley Haas different from other business schools?
Berkeley Haas has a distinct culture that is driven by our
Defining Leadership Principles
: Question the Status Quo, Confidence Without Attitude, Student Always, and Beyond Yourself. These principles guide our student experience as well as our curriculum.
In addition to the innovative courses taught by renowned faculty, students have the opportunity to participate in
Haas-sponsored organizations
that cultivate community and prepare them for professional experiences beyond college life.
Berkeley Haas is a leading institution in upward social mobility. Through our
career development resources
, Haas graduates lead
impactful careers
. Furthermore, current Haas students are alumni-in-residence, meaning they don’t have to wait until graduation to network and utilize the benefits of our
robust alumni network
.
Learn more about the
value of a Haas degree
.
What is the cost of attendance?
Visit UC Berkeley’s Financial Aid & Scholarships website for information about
student budgets or cost of attendance
.
Admissions Questions
Expand All
How do I apply? What are the admission requirements?
The
application process
varies depending on which pathway you choose toward the undergraduate program at Berkeley Haas. Select an option below to learn more about which pathways are available to you and how to apply.
For High School Students
For Continuing UC Berkeley Students
For Transfer Students
How many students are accepted into the program?
Admission to the Berkeley Haas Undergraduate Program is highly competitive. View the latest admission statistics in our
class profile
.
What does the admissions committee look for in applicants? What would make me stand out?
Visit the Admissions page to learn more about
what we look for
in applicants.
I received a C in a prerequisite course. Should I repeat it?
No. The admissions committee will always start with the first attempt at a prerequisite. If you received a C- or higher for the first attempt, the prerequisite should not be repeated. If you received a D+ or lower in a prerequisite, you must repeat the course until you receive at least a C-. The D+ will still be considered because it is your first attempt.
Can I submit a letter of recommendation?
No, we do not accept or review letters of recommendation.
When will I be notified about my admissions decision?
For decision release dates, see the admissions and enrollment timeline for your pathway:
Admissions and enrollment timeline for high-school/first-year applicants
Admissions and enrollment timeline for continuing students
Admissions and enrollment timeline for transfer students
I missed the application deadline. Is there any way I can still apply?
While we appreciate your interest in our programs, we do not accept applications after the deadline.
Can I speak with an advisor about applying?
Yes, we’re here to help! You can
contact an admissions advisor
by email, phone, or in person. You can also schedule a
remote-advising appointment
to meet with an advisor on Zoom. Due to the high demand for appointments, we ask that you read through the
application process
prior to setting an appointment, as your questions may be answered there.
If you have a quick question that may be answered over email, please write to us at
[email protected]
.
Learn more about
Admissions Events & Advising
.
May I defer my admission to next fall?/I have been admitted to the fall term. May I defer my admission to spring?
The
Office of Undergraduate Admission
(OUA) reviews requests to defer admission to a future term or academic year with a compelling reason. Note that deferrals are not guaranteed and it is the responsibility of the applicant to apply for the term they are interested in and
able
to begin their studies at UC Berkeley and Haas. OUA makes this determination, Haas does not.
Video Interview Questions
Expand All
Is the video interview required?
Yes. When completing your application, you will be required to upload a video interview. The video interview is an opportunity to give voice to your application and helps the Admissions Committee learn more about you.
For
transfer
and
first-year
applicants, this is part of your Haas supplemental application, not the UC application.
What is the format of the video interview?
The video interview is not the traditional face-to-face interview. Instead, you will record yourself answering the set of questions.
You should have a photo ID on hand to display at the start of your interview. You may use notes if that helps you feel prepared but please do
not
read from a script.
Where do I access the video interviews?
First Year & Transfer applicants: The video interview is accessible through the Haas Supplemental Application in your MAP@Berkeley portal.
Continuing applicants: Within the application.
When do interviews take place?
The video interview is accessible through the Haas Supplemental Application which is available after you submit the UC application. The video interview must be submitted by the supplement deadline in January.
Continuing applicants: The video interview is available through the application and due at the same time as the application.
How should I dress?
We encourage you to dress in a way that makes you feel most comfortable. You are not required to dress up unless it would help you feel more prepared or comfortable.
Will I receive the interview questions ahead of time?
Interview questions will be available at the time that you begin the interview.
What are the logistics of the video interview?
All applicants will have 90 seconds to review the questions and prepare an answer and a total of 6 minutes to record a response.
All applicants will have three attempts to record their video interview.
You have as much time as you need between attempts. You may log out and reattempt.
You do not get to record all three attempts and then decide which attempt you will submit.
The same question set will be asked of all applicants.
The questions will appear in the same order in each of your attempts.
How do I start a new attempt?
You will need to go back into the video interview component and where you see your previous recording select the words “start over.”
How do I submit the interview recording?
If you finish answering the questions before the timer is up, you may select “Stop Recording.” Once you select this, the video will automatically upload to your application.
What should I do if I experience technical difficulties?
Updated Browser: Make sure you have the latest version of your browser downloaded on your computer. It is best to use Google Chrome or Safari for the video.
Permissions: Ensure you have enabled access to your camera and microphone.
Clear Cache: Please clear your cache prior to opening the video interview.
Photo ID: If you forgot to show your photo ID, please just send a picture of it with your name to us at
[email protected]
and we will mark the requirement as met.’
You can email our office at
[email protected]
if you need assistance.
I submitted my application but do not see a green check mark?
Please allow 24 hours for the system to register your submission. If you still do not see the attempt registered after 24 hours, please contact
[email protected]
Who do I reach out to if I have questions about the interview process?
Please contact
[email protected]
.
Video Interview Prep Resource
Video Interview Guide
The video interview guide provides helpful tips to help you prepare and addresses common questions about the requirement.
How can I request a disability-related accommodation for the video interview?
To request a disability-related accommodation(s) to participate in the interview process, please contact us at
[email protected]
.
For High School Students/First-Year Applicants
Expand All
If I don’t get admitted to the business major as a first-year, can I still be admitted to UC Berkeley?
If you’re not admitted to the business major (a.k.a. the
Spieker Undergraduate Business Program
) as a first-year, you will not be admitted to UC Berkeley.
If I don’t get admitted to the Global Management Program (GMP) as a first-year, can I still be admitted to UC Berkeley?
Yes, if you’re not admitted to the GMP, you will be considered for admission to UC Berkeley as an undeclared major in the College of Letters & Science.
Learn more about the
Global Management Program
.
Will I be considered for admission to the business major if I select one of the Berkeley Haas programs as an alternate major?
No, you must select the major you want to be admitted to as your primary major. We will not review applications where a Haas program is selected as an alternate major.
What classes should I take in high school if I’m interested in applying to the Spieker Undergraduate Business Program?
There are no requirements or specific high-school classes mandated for admission to the Berkeley Haas Undergraduate Program, but there are some suggestions we can provide to help you pave a path toward your goals. Here are some recommendations to consider as you plan your high school coursework:
If your school offers business-related courses that align with our prerequisites, such as economics or statistics, taking them can provide you with valuable knowledge and a taste of what to expect in the field of business.
When possible, challenge yourself with rigorous coursework, such as Advanced Placement (AP) classes. While Haas does not require AP courses, excelling in these classes can demonstrate your ability to handle a rigorous academic workload.
If your school doesn’t offer business or AP classes, there are alternatives you can pursue to enhance your candidacy. One option is to explore community college or online classes that align with our program. Another option is to engage in extracurricular activities that align with our program, such as participating in business clubs, entrepreneurship competitions, or internships related to the field of business.
Remember, the most important aspect of your application will be a well-rounded academic profile that demonstrates your passion, commitment, and potential for success in the field of business. Use your high school years to explore your interests, challenge yourself academically, and seek out opportunities to gain experience in the business world. Good luck on your journey toward becoming a Haas student!
Would doing business-related extracurricular activities in high school increase my chances of getting into the program?
Business-related extracurriculars are not required but are recommended to help you learn about the field. If there aren’t any available at your school or in your town, try searching for online clubs and organizations.
For Continuing UC Berkeley Students
Expand All
As a continuing UC Berkeley student, when can I apply to Haas?
Continuing UC Berkeley students may apply only once during either their sophomore or junior year.
If I complete all prerequisite courses and finish all eligibility requirements by my first year at UC Berkeley, can I apply to Haas as a first year?
No, Continuing UC Berkeley students may only apply during either their sophomore or junior year.
Next:
Programs