URL: https://carlsonschool.umn.edu/apply
TITLE: Apply to Minnesota Carlson | Minnesota Carlson

Apply to Minnesota Carlson
We're thrilled you're considering the University of Minnesota Carlson School of Management!
Our user-friendly online application system ensures a seamless experience for you. You can easily complete and submit your application, all while enjoying the flexibility of saving your progress. This means you can work at your own pace and return to your application whenever it suits your schedule. We understand the importance of convenience in your application process, and we're here to support you every step of the way.
Embark on your educational journey with us at the Carlson School of Management.
Start your application
Choose your program to start your application. The application will open in a new window.
Undergraduate
MBA/Masters
PhD
Global MBAs
Applications are processed with our partner schools. Please go to the program of interest to learn more.
Resources & Tips
Our admissions staff gave us their top-secret tips and tricks on building a Carlson School of Management application they can’t pass up. Whether it's building your resume, preparing for your video essay, or applying to the program of your choice, we have you covered.
Resume Dos and Don’ts: How To Write a Great Resume
When you’re applying for a job, your resume is often the first thing a potential employer looks at. Experts at Minnesota Carlson’s Business Career Center shared some dos and don’ts for your next job search.
How to Prepare for Your Written and Video Essays
You’re more than a test score and a resume, and the essay or personal statement portion of your application is the best way for you to showcase who you are and what you would bring to a business school program.
How to Apply to U.S. Business Schools as an International Applicant
Are you an international student interested in an MBA or other business master's programs in the U.S.? Our admissions team put together a few tips to help you navigate the application process to help you earn a spot at your top-choice school.
Explore Resources for Future Carlson Students
Read Articles, Guides, and Application Tips
Questions?
We're here to support you throughout the application process, and we're excited to learn more about your qualifications and goals. If you have questions about your application, please
get in touch
with us.
Apply to work at the University of Minnesota
Interested in working at the University of Minnesota?
Apply for a job today
.
External Candidates
Students
U of M Employees