URL: https://carlsonschool.umn.edu/centers-institutes/carlson-global-institute/education-abroad/undergraduate/apply
TITLE: Education Abroad Program Application Details | Minnesota Carlson

Education Abroad Undergraduate Apply
In this section
Undergraduate
Advising
Fellowship
Identity Course
Apply Online
When you're ready, complete the
online application
.
Application Instructions
Step One:
Start the
online application
. You will be charged a $50 application fee for each completed application form. The fee will be charged to your student account.
Step Two:
After completing the previous section, you will be assigned an application checklist of required application materials. All required items must be uploaded by the application deadline.  Check the program website for the specific deadline time (most CGI programs have a noon Central time deadline for priority consideration).
CGI will only accept one application per student per application deadline.  You will need to apply to your first  choice education abroad program.  You will then have the opportunity to identify up to
2 back-up programs
that you would like to be considered for if you are not placed in your first choice education abroad program. This can be found in the Application Checklist under "Choose back-up program option(s) or opt out."  When applying for a back-up program for a semester program, you will also submit an essay for that program.  Follow the same essay prompts below. You must write a new response to the first prompt for all back-up essays. However, you are allowed to use the same response to the second prompt for back-up essays as long as it is not specific to the host university. Please note you will only be considered for CGI programs from the same application cycle/term.
See a
step-by-step guide on how to identify your 2 back-up programs
.
Your application will be considered complete once all required items are submitted. Please note that
scholarships are reviewed
on the same cycle as the program application, so it is in your best interest to complete your scholarship essay at the same time as the program application!
Essay Information (GI Semester & Summer only):
Undergraduate Global Immersion Semester or Summer Programs
Write an essay of no more than 500 words that answers the following questions:
Why is this particular semester exchange/summer program and host university a good fit for you? Please list 2 examples specific to your host institution. It can relate to your academics, personal goals, or professional goals. Additionally, how do you plan to engage in the communities in your host school?
Semester exchange/summer programs require students to demonstrate a great deal of flexibility and adaptability. Many Carlson students find the adjustment to a new academic environment to be challenging. Please share a personal example of a time you demonstrated flexibility and adaptability in a challenging academic situation when you did not agree with the outcome. What did you learn from this experience and how will it help you be successful on a semester exchange/summer program?
For more insight into what we're looking for in the essay, please refer to our
Partner University Business Exchange Rubric
.
Lottery Information (GE Instructor-led only):
Undergraduate Global Enrichment Instructor-led Programs
Applications for competitive programs will be selected via lottery.
Some
weight will be given to those students closest to graduation.  Students will likely be informed of their application decision approximately 7-10 days after the priority deadline.
Applications will continue to be accepted on a rolling basis after the priority deadline if there is still space in the program.
Scholarship/Fellowship Instructions:
Please visit the
Scholarship/Fellowship information page
for details on deadlines and application instructions.
Contact Carlson Global Institute
Email:
[email protected]
Phone:
612-625-9361
Follow Carlson Global Institute
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram