URL: https://carlsonschool.umn.edu/centers-institutes/carlson-global-institute/education-abroad/undergraduate/finances
TITLE: Education Abroad Undergraduate Finances | Minnesota Carlson

Education Abroad Undergraduate Finances
In this section
Undergraduate
Advising
Fellowship
Identity Course
Apply
Financial Planning for your International Experience
When planning for your International Experience, it is important to begin planning early for both academic and financial purposes. There is a wide spectrum of costs associated with each study abroad program and we want you to find a program that is also the best fit for your finances.
Financial Aid
Before you apply to a program,
consider your existing financial aid for a typical semester at the University of Minnesota, how may that be affected by your program selection?
Submit a
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
through the Office of Student Finance within OneStop.
To discuss your financial aid package, and how it may be adjusted to accommodate the cost of studying abroad:
Schedule a
Financial Aid Preview Meeting
with an advisor at OneStop
Scholarships
There are many scholarships available for study abroad programs, but deadlines may differ from your program application deadline. We encourage you to research your scholarship options early. Remember, not all your scholarships have to be "study abroad scholarships"! You can look at various collegiate scholarships that apply to your semester's tuition.
Here is a list of pages you can explore:
Carlson Global Institute Scholarships
Learning Abroad Center Scholarships
University of Minnesota's Study Abroad Scholarship Search Engine
China Center Study Abroad Scholarships
When we become aware of special scholarship opportunities for Carlson students, we will list them here. Please closely read the scholarship requirements and deadlines, as these scholarship, fellowship, and grant opportunities are not facilitated by Carlson Global Institute:
Mondale Scholarship
- up to $2000 scholarship for students studying in Japan
China Center Study Abroad Scholarships
- Up to $1,500 scholarship for students participating in an educational program in China
United States-Japan Bridging Foundation
- Scholarships for students studying in Japan for at least 8 weeks
Upfront Cost Assistance
Once you choose your program, there may be some upfront costs associated (
such as airfare and program deposits
) that you may not immediately have funds to cover. Both the Carlson Global Institute and the Learning Abroad Center offer solutions that allow the student to cover these costs before your financial aid package disburses:
Carlson Global Institute's Connecting Flight Advance
Learning Abroad Center's Bridging Loan
Additional Resources
Below we have some additional resources to help you evaluate program costs:
Comparing Study Abroad Program Costs
University Veterans Services
Student Parent Help Center
Still have questions? Let's Connect!
Choosing the right program for you and your goals while evaluating program costs and researching your financial resources can be complex, but we are here to support you!
If you have any questions regarding program costs and financing study abroad, we invite you to contact the Carlson Global Institute Study Abroad Scholarships & Financial Aid Advisor to schedule an appointment at
[email protected]
.
Contact Carlson Global Institute
Email:
[email protected]
Phone:
612-625-9361
Follow Carlson Global Institute
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram