URL: https://carlsonschool.umn.edu/centers-institutes/carlson-global-institute/education-abroad/undergraduate/finances/scholarships
TITLE: Education Abroad Undergraduate Scholarships | Minnesota Carlson

Education Abroad Undergraduate Scholarships
In this section
Finances
Connecting Flight
​To support the International Experience for Carlson undergraduate students, the Carlson Global Institute offers scholarships and fellowships. To prepare for your International Experience, we encourage you to plan ahead, apply for scholarships well in advance, and complete your financial aid paperwork on time.
Scholarship and Fellowship Eligibility
Carlson Undergraduate Students participating in Carlson Global Institute (CGI) or the Learning Abroad Center (LAC)  are eligible for need-based study abroad scholarships.
The selected education abroad program must:
Be affiliated with the University of Minnesota
Travel Abroad
Carry academic credit
Students may only receive one need-based scholarship during their academic career to fulfill the International Experience.
It is possible to receive both a need-based scholarship and CGI Fellowship. Also, to receive both CGI and LAC scholarships for the same program.
Scholarships cannot be applied to virtual learning abroad programs/the domestic international experience alternative at this time.
Need-Based Study Abroad Scholarship Information
Students who started at the Carlson School in Fall 2020 and after (Including Transfer Students):
Students ( and transfer students) admitted to the Carlson School in Fall 2020 or after are automatically considered for the need-based study abroad scholarship upon admission to the Carlson School based on FAFSA information.
If your financial situation has changed since your admission, you need to email CGI directly at
[email protected]
to be considered for a Need-Based scholarship.
Students who started at the Carlson School in Summer 2020 or before:
Students who were admitted to the Carlson School in Summer 2020 or before need to apply for a need-based scholarship. Application questions are included in their Program Application checklist.
Study Abroad Fellowship Application Instructions
To be considered for the CGI Undergraduate Fellowship (essay-based scholarship), you must complete the checklist item on your Program Application.
Students should only submit one essay per review cycle
. We recommend that you base your essay answers off your top-ranked, first- choice program.  Your GPA and Essay will be reviewed by our Fellowship Awards Committee.
We will not review any applications received after their respective cycle deadlines, please review the Cycle Deadline table and email
[email protected]
if you have questions or requests
If you apply to both a Learning Abroad Center Program and a CGI Program, we recommend that you submit an essay for both applications, given there are multiple deadline cycles where the respective submissions are reviewed
Fellowship Essay Requirements
Prepare an essay of no more than 500 words that answers
two of the following three
prompts:
Identify a social/political/business current event in the country of your program choice. Why is this current event compelling to you? How may this impact your time abroad?
Think of a time in your life when you needed to be flexible and adapt; what was the situation and how did you overcome and learn from it?
Identify someone who could be considered a leader from the country of your program choice; which of their leadership qualities do you find most important and/or do you identify with?
We encourage you to utilize your resources at
University of Minnesota Center for Writing
.
*Quotes or sections from your application materials may be featured on CGI's website and/or publications. Do not submit any information or personal details that you would prefer to keep private.
Scholarship & Fellowship Review Cycles
The Scholarships teams reviews all applications after each "cycle" deadline. Notifications will be sent in 30 days, or the following weekday if that date falls on a weekend or holiday. The Fellowship cannot be defer to a different term.
Fellowship Review Cycles
Students applying to the Business in Barcelona program:
This program is run in partnership with the Learning Abroad Center (LAC). Students should follow the "LAC Programs" column in the table below. If you are uncertain which deadline to apply by, please reach out to
[email protected]
to confirm.
Fellowship Application Deadlines
Date
CGI Programs
LAC Programs
Awards Available
October 15th at 12:00 pm CST
Short-Term Programs
: Spring Break, May Programs
Semester: Spring CIMBA
Short-Term Winter Break, Spring Semester Programs
6 awards of $1,000 each
February 2nd at 12:00 pm CST
Semester & Summer Programs
Spring Break, May Session
8 awards of $1,000 each
April 1st at 12:00 pm CST
Short-Term Programs
: January Programs
Fall Semester and Summer programs
6 awards of $1,000 each
Need-Based Scholarship Review Cycles
There is no hard deadline for need-based scholarships
, but we will not review until after each "cycle" deadline. If you have missed the deadline, and your program starts before the next deadline, please reach out to
[email protected]
to directly request a review.
Contact Carlson Global Institute
Email:
[email protected]
Phone:
612-625-9361
Follow Carlson Global Institute
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram