URL: https://carlsonschool.umn.edu/undergraduate/tuition-aid
TITLE: Undergraduate Tuition & Aid | Minnesota Carlson

Undergraduate Tuition & Aid
Invest in Your Future
With an undergraduate degree from Minnesota Carlson, you’ll position yourself for a successful business career that will pay dividends right away and for the rest of your life.
Confirm
Apply
Visit
Request Information
97%
of freshman return for their sophomore year
88%
of students graduate in 4 years
The cost of attendance is set by the Board of Regents each July and varies based on individual factors such as residency, reciprocity, financial aid, and enrollment level.
The figures below are based on full-time enrollment of 13 credits or more per semester. As part of the great value of the University of Minnesota, credits beyond 13 are available at no additional charge based on the
tuition cap
.
The tuition and fees listed below cover one academic year (two semesters) of enrollment. The figures below are estimated for the 2024-2025 academic year and are shared for planning purposes. Tuition has been approved by the Board of Regents. As is the case with most public colleges and universities, tuition and fees for each fall are estimated in the spring prior and finalized in July prior to classes starting. For expanded cost of attendance information, please visit
the University's One Stop Website
and the
Office of Admissions Cost of Attendance
.
Cost of Attendance
2025-2026 Academic Year
Categories
Resident
Non-resident
Tuition & Fees*
$18,626
$41,512
Room & Board
$14,672
$14,672
Tuition Surcharge
$2,900
$2,900
Books & Supplies
$1,000
$1,000
Personal/Misc.
$2,000
$2,000
Loan Fee
$158
$158
Transportation
$200
$1,700
Estimated Cost of Attendance
$39,556
$63,942
*For an explanation of fees that apply to Carlson students, including varying Collegiate Fees by UMN college, see the
One Stop Fees resource
.
Financial Aid
The first step to applying for financial aid is completing the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
. The University of Minnesota will use the FAFSA to determine your eligibility for federal, state, and University aid. Students who complete the FAFSA will receive a separate letter once they are admitted that outlines their complete financial aid package, including scholarships, grants, loans, etc.
If you have questions about financial aid, you can speak with a financial aid counselor at the
One Stop
student services center by calling 612-624-1111 or 1-800-400-8636.
FAQ
What is the tuition surcharge and why is it assessed?
Approved by the Board of Regents in 2012, the Carlson tuition surcharge supports an investment in tenure-track faculty that are leading experts in their field. The tuition surcharge is also used to retain exceptional instructional faculty, to reduce the class size in core courses, and to support innovative learning environments & experiential teaching.
The surcharge is $1,450 per semester for students taking 9 or more credits. For students taking less than 9 credits, the surcharge is $145/credit.
UPromise students enrolled in 13 or more credits per semester are eligible for the surcharge offset. If a student is less than full time, they are not eligible for the U Promise scholarship and therefore not eligible for the offset. For a list of frequently asked questions and eligibility requirements, please see the
U Promise Scholarship website
.
How is the surcharge different from the collegiate fee?
Category
Tuition Surcharge
Collegiate Fee
Cost per semester (9 or more credits)
$1,450
$700
Cost per semester (Fewer than 9 credits)
$145/credit
$350
Who is assessed the fees?
All Carlson students* (Carlson, CSE, and some CLA majors have a surcharge at the U of M)
All Carlson students (all colleges at the U of M have
collegiate fees
)
What do the fees fund?
Instructional costs:
- Investment in tenure-track faculty that are leading experts in their field
- Maintain small classes
- Retain exceptional instructional faculty
- Support innovative learning environments & experiential teaching
Student support services:
- Academic Advising
- Student engagement activities
- Undergraduate Business Career Center (partially)
- Study Abroad support
- Technology support (Computer Labs, printing)
*Except for Pell-eligible and UPromise students enrolled full time
Do all students pay the surcharge?
All Carlson undergraduate students are assessed the surcharge. However, about 25% of Carlson students (Pell-eligible and U Promise scholarship recipients) receive the offset and do not pay the surcharge.
Are students charged the surcharge if all of their courses in a semester are outside of Minnesota Carlson?
Yes. The surcharge is based on your college of enrollment, not on the coursework you are taking.
If a student is studying abroad, do they pay the surcharge?
The program fees for
Learning Abroad Center (LAC)
semester-length programs do not include the surcharge.
Students who study abroad on a
Carlson Global Institute (CGI)
semester or summer-length exchange program pay the surcharge while they are abroad (if you pay it here). You are essentially paying UM tuition while attending a Minnesota Carlson partner school.
Short-term programs are folded into the semester tuition cost, which includes the surcharge.
Contact Undergraduate Program
Email:
[email protected]
Connect with Minnesota Carlson
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube