URL: https://carlsonschool.umn.edu/undergraduate/student-life/first-year-experience
TITLE: Undergraduate First Year Experience | Minnesota Carlson

Undergraduate First Year Experience
Confirm
Apply
Visit
Request Information
81%
of students volunteered in high school
83%
of students participated in clubs/organizations in high school
88%
of students plan to volunteer or do service work while at Minnesota Carlson
76%
of students plan to spend 1-10 hours/week with a student group or organization while at Minnesota Carlson
First-Year Experience: Design Your Life
At Minnesota Carlson, we ask you to be curious. To try things. And we give you the tools to start designing your college experience in alignment with your values and interests. All first-year students will be asked to participate in the Design Your Life First-Year Experience Program and work with your peers and Carlson Crew Leaders to intentionally design this important next chapter.
The Design Your Life program is based on a popular class and book Designing Your Life from Stanford Design School. Parts of your orientation, Welcome Week, and fall semester will focus on designing your Carlson experience (or your life). Using a process rooted in Design Thinking, this class equips you with tools to design and prototype a college experience that best aligns with who you are and what you hope to get from college. These skills will help you make thoughtful choices about classes, internships, student groups, and generally how to spend your energy.
Women's Business Network - Living & Learning Community
Women’s Business Network
is a space where students who identify as women can feel empowered to grow and explore the world of business. Regardless of your major, you will find a community that will help you acclimate to the University of Minnesota.
This community will help you build a network early in your college careers, connect with peers from across campus who have similar interests and goals, and gain valuable opportunities for personal and professional development.
Gain exclusive opportunities to register for leadership programming such as the Equity and Leadership Conference or Women’s Power Lunches to explore your identity as a woman and navigate challenges to equity in the workplace.
Find yourself forming study groups with ease in this house and reap the benefits of having an experienced upperclassman as your Community Advisor.
This house is located in the 17th Avenue Residence Hall. Contact the LLC sponsor, the Carlson Undergraduate Program Office, with questions.
This community is open to first-year residents. This program will center the lived experience of women in business, all are welcome to participate.
Carlson Crew
First-year students will receive a Carlson Crew Leader who will welcome, orient, and support them throughout the First Year Experience. Carlson Crew Leaders are upperclassmen who share collegiate experiences, provide guidance and resources, and plan engaging opportunities for their freshman orientation groups.
Get Involved
You’ve probably heard it a million times: getting involved is a great thing to do, an opportunity to build community, form connections, and make friends.
But how do you get involved? There are so many ways to get involved and the important part of it all is getting involved in a way that is authentic to you. Are you interested in growing as a leader? Consider joining a student organization or a subcommittee on the Business Board (our student government). Are you interested in diving deeper into your academics? Consider an enterprise and really engage with your coursework in a new way. Maybe you’re really looking for community, check out our Diversity & Inclusion programming to connect with others. Whatever feels right to you is possible at Carlson. For more information and some great suggestions to start exploring involvement at Carlson check out
this guide in our student portal
.
Find your way to get involved at Carlson
Contact Undergraduate Program
Email:
[email protected]
Connect with Minnesota Carlson
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube