URL: https://carlsonschool.umn.edu/undergraduate/admissions/freshman-students
TITLE: Undergraduate Freshman Students | Minnesota Carlson

Undergraduate Freshman Students
Confirm
Apply
Visit
Request Information
654
number of students
87.8%
four-year graduation rate
10
majors and 14 minors to choose from
Early exposure to business curriculum helps you begin discovering your passions and preparing for your future career. Starting as a freshman, you’ll engage with an innovative curriculum in small classes that empower each student to weigh in on the discussion. And with several national case competition wins under their belts, our undergraduate students jump right in to put their new knowledge to work for real businesses. Are you ready to join them?
Freshman admission to Minnesota Carlson is handled through the
University of Minnesota Office of Admissions
. If you are a graduating high school senior you should
apply to the University of Minnesota
as a freshman and choose the Carlson School of Management as your first-choice college. The Office of Admissions reads every application in its entirety and completes a holistic review. There is no one fact or figure that determines your admission.
Apply Now
Deadlines
Deadline
Date
Description
Early Action Deadline
November 1
Students who submit their complete applications by the November 1 early action deadline will receive an admission decisions on Application Tracker by the end of January.
Regular Deadline
January 1
Students who submit their complete applications by the January 1 regular deadline will receive admission decisions on Application Tracker by the end of March.
Confirmation Deadline for all Admitted Students
May 15 (2024 extension)
By confirming your enrollment, you are declaring your intent to attend the University of Minnesota and reserving your place in the incoming class.
Admitted Student Profile
This table provides a general overview of the middle 50 percentile high school rank and standardized test scores of freshman applicants admitted for Fall 2020.
Standardized Test
Score
High School Rank (if provided)
87-97%
ACT Composite
28-32
SAT Total (new test format, estimated score out of 1600)
1340-1460
Admission decisions are based on an individual, overall assessment of each application. Applicants are first considered for admission to the colleges listed in their application, in the order in which they are listed. Then, applicants are automatically considered for other U of M freshman-admitting colleges that may be a good match with their academic interests and preparation. For complete information on our application review factors, please see the
Office of Admissions overview
.
College Credit Earned in High School
If you’ve taken college-level courses such as Advanced Placement (AP), International Baccalaureate (IB), Post Secondary Enrollment Options (PSEO), College in the Schools (CIS) or other courses you can be awarded for your achievements. There is no limit on the number of credits you can transfer into the University of Minnesota. To explore how your courses will transfer, use the following resource:
Transfer Credit, Test Awards, Liberal Education Requirements
In order to receive any type of credit, official scores or transcripts must be sent to the Office of Admissions. For more information, refer to the
Office of Admissions Transfer Guide
.
Questions
Please
contact the Office of Admissions
at 612-625-2008 or 1-800-752-1000 with questions about your application or admission status. You can also check the
Application Tracker
to determine which application materials have been received and whether a decision has been made on your application.
Connect with the Office of Admissions for more information at 612-625-2008 or
[email protected]
.
Download our Viewbook!
Learn more about Minnesota Carlson and the Undergraduate Program through our downloadable PDF viewbook.
Download the PDF