URL: https://carlsonschool.umn.edu/undergraduate/academics/curriculum/impact-lab
TITLE: Undergraduate Impact Lab | Minnesota Carlson

Undergraduate Impact Lab
The Impact Lab is one of the signature experiences of being a Minnesota Carlson student. Here, you’ll develop critical problem-solving skills through case studies, simulations, and real-world projects as early as your first year.
In this section
Client Experience
Mentors
Confirm
Apply
Visit
Request Information
The Impact Lab program consists of two unique courses:
Impact Lab Problem Solving
Learn strategies to identify, understand, and solve real-world problems. Problem-Solving will expose students to a clear problem-solving framework and process, various perspectives on approaching problems, and individual and group activities and assignments to inform and sharpen skills. You’ll learn to set aside your preconceptions and develop creative solutions, all while building skills in leadership and teamwork.
Impact Lab in Action
Take your knowledge to the next level. This course will partner you and a group of classmates with a business, nonprofit or social enterprise. You will make an impact by solving a real problem while learning to navigate ambiguous challenges and harness creativity to solve them. At the end of the semester, you’ll be able to see the tangible change you made. Plus, you’ll develop strong connections with professionals in the field who will provide mentoring and networking opportunities.
Experiential Learning Empowers Community
“This is a space where we’re giving them the boundaries and then they have to take the initiative to really make this experience what it’s supposed to be for their learning, And then if they experience failure, this is a safe space to fail.” - Amee McDonald, Impact Lab Managing Director
Learn how experiential learning builds community
Get Involved
Community participation is vital to the Impact Lab and we invite you to engage with our students as a Client or Mentor.
As a Client
Impact Lab in Action is an experiential learning course connecting Minnesota Carlson students with nonprofit or social enterprises to solve a real business challenge. The students use the skills from their Carlson courses to identify organizational challenges, analyze the situations, and deliver effective solutions.
Through the Impact Lab, client organizations that are facing real business problems will collaborate with our students to solve the issue. Over a semester, student teams will research, ideate, and develop action plans, guided by a professional mentor. As a client, you will co-create solutions alongside our undergraduate students over the course of 15 weeks. The expectation is to meet at least five times to introduce challenges, provide feedback, and review final presentations. Participation in Carlson Impact Lab is at no cost to the Client.
Learn more about being a Client
Sign up to be Client
As a Mentor
Impact Lab in Action is an experiential learning course connecting Minnesota Carlson students with nonprofit or social enterprises to solve a real business challenge. The students use the skills from their Carlson courses to identify organizational challenges, analyze the situations, and deliver effective solutions.
Mentors will work with one group of 4-6 students throughout the semester to guide them through the problem-solving process as they work on their projects. Your role is not to solve their problem but to guide them and ensure they are looking at all angles of the problem and asking the right questions. The commitment to mentor includes three to four 30-minute Zoom calls with their group throughout the semester.  Mentors must have at least three years of work experience, no prior mentor experience is needed.
Learn more about being a mentor
Get Involved as a Mentor
Contact Undergraduate Program
Email:
[email protected]
Connect with Minnesota Carlson
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube