URL: https://carlsonschool.umn.edu/undergraduate/student-life
TITLE: Undergraduate Student Life | Minnesota Carlson

Undergraduate Student Life
Life at Minnesota Carlson Extends Beyond the Classroom
You will get hands-on learning, a sense of community, and personalized support that will help transform you from the person you are today to the person you want to be tomorrow.
Confirm
Apply
Visit
Request Information
Discover First Year Experience
First Year Experience
The University of Minnesota and Minnesota Carlson are committed to creating an environment that supports a first-year student's transition to their college experience. We have unique ways that we engage our Carlson students and encourage people to engage in their new home starting on day one.
Discover First Year Experience
Meet Our Community
Engage in our Community
Our students are the heart of our Carlson community. Learn from your peers by engaging in various offerings that highlight our students for the vast talents and backgrounds that they bring. Participate in a student organization, register for our living-learning community, participate in annual programs, and serve as a student ambassador.​
Meet Our Community
View Career Resources
Build your Skills
As a Minnesota Carlson student, there are tremendous opportunities to expand your learning beyond the classroom. Take advantage of our various programs hosted by the Undergraduate Program and Career Center, engage in student organizations and advisory councils, and attend events that are tailored to helping our students succeed as both a student and future professional.
View Career Resources
Explore Resources
Advising, Coaching, and Technology
Minnesota Carlson students experience tremendous support during their tenure. You will work with a professional advisor starting your first year, have access to career coaches, opportunities to connect with recruiters, and access to resources and technical support specific to Carlson students.​
Explore Resources
Are you a current Carlson student?
Visit the Current Student Portal for:
Scheduling appointments with advisors, coaches, or counseling
Resources for academics, registration, major and career exploration, and job info
Ways to get involved with student organizations and programming
Stay up to date with recent announcements and events
And so much more!
Current Student Portal: z.umn.edu/CarlsonUG