URL: https://www.lipscomb.edu/admissions/visit
TITLE: Visit Lipscomb | Lipscomb University

Visit Lipscomb
Experience Lipscomb for yourself.
The heartbeat of Lipscomb University is our community, and we cannot wait for you to experience it for yourself! You can choose from a fully immersive visit on a Lipscomb Friday, a personalized visit during the week, or even bring a group to campus to learn more about what it’s like to be a Bison. Check out all the ways to visit our campus in person below.
Ways to Visit
Lipscomb Fridays
Spend a Friday with us! Tour campus, eat in the dining hall, meet faculty and students, and get your questions answered as you explore life at Lipscomb.
Learn More
Daily Visits
Join us for a few hours exploring our beautiful campus! You’ll have the opportunity to attend an information session and take a walking tour led by current students.
Learn More
Group Visits
Experience campus life firsthand with a personal group visit, great for high school groups, community organizations, or college readiness programs.
Learn More
Which Visit Is
Right
for You?
With so many ways to explore campus, it can be hard to know where to start. Take our quick quiz to discover the visit experience that’s the best fit for you!
Take the Quiz
Admitted Student Events
Explore events designed just for admitted students! From campus preview days to special gatherings, these events will help you connect with future classmates, explore campus life and take the next steps toward becoming a Bison.
Learn More
Lipscomb
On Tour!
Can’t make it to campus? We’re bringing the Bison experience to a city near you! Get to know fellow students in your area and take your next step toward Lipscomb.
Learn More
Virtual Tour
Experience campus life without leaving home through our virtual resources.
Virtual Resources
Coming from out of town? Let us help!
Accommodations
No matter where you're coming from, trust us—you're going to want to spend more than an afternoon here. For your convenience, we partner with several Nashville area hotels offering Lipscomb guest rates.
Places To Stay
Attractions
Part of being located in a world-class city means that our campus extends beyond traditional borders. In a buzzing city with endless restaurants, sporting events, free concerts and outdoor options, you won't want to miss spending some time exploring Nashville.
See Our City
Arrival
Let us help you find your way to Lipscomb! Nashville is located within less than a day’s drive of 75 percent of our country’s population. If you prefer to fly, Nashville International Airport (BNA) is just minutes from campus and is served by all major airlines.
Directions to Lipscomb