URL: https://www.lipscomb.edu/admissions/freshmen-admissions/freshmen-admission-requirements
TITLE: Freshmen Admission Requirements | Lipscomb University

Lipscomb’s application for admission is now open! Take the next step to join our Christ-centered community that magnifies the best in you.
We think that you would thrive at Lipscomb University! Submit an application today.
Apply
First-Time Student Admissions
Step 1
Step 2
Step 3
Step 4
Step 1
Complete an application
For incoming first-time students, get started by completing your application.
Students may complete the Lipscomb application or the Common App.
Lipscomb Application
Common App
Coalition App
Note: Test optional applicants will need to either submit official standardized test scores or take the
Math Placement Test
in order to be placed in the appropriate mathematics course their first year at Lipscomb.
Step 2
Send us your test scores or apply as test optional
First-year applicants entering in Fall 2026 have the opportunity to apply as test-optional. Please note that some academic major or program applications may still require you to submit a test score after your admission to the university. For more information about our test optional policy, please visit the
Test Optional Admission Process page
.
When registering for the ACT, SAT or CLT, you’ll need to request that your scores be sent to Lipscomb. If you’ve already taken the test, you can request additional scores by visiting the ACT website or the SAT website.
Select students who do not meet our median range academic requirements will be asked to submit a
supplemental essay
, and their application will be reviewed by a committee who may admit them to Lipscomb as a student in the university’s Empower Program.
Lipscomb’s test codes:
ACT
: 3956
SAT
: 1161
Step 3
Ask a qualified reference to complete the academic evaluation form
When it comes to where you come from, we want to hear the whole story—not just a piece. That’s why we require an academic reference from a teacher, principal, guidance counselor or other school administrator.
You can send a reference request to your evaluator within your application for admission.
Home-school students
: Instead of an academic evaluation, you can submit a personal recommendation from anyone not related to you.
Step 4
Send us your official high school transcript
Traditional high school students
: Request that your high school counselor send your transcript to the Office of Undergraduate Admissions.
Home-school students
: Submit a homeschool record or transcript.
Please send via one of the following:
Mail:
Office of Undergraduate Admissions
Lipscomb University
One University Park Drive
Nashville, TN 37204
Email: ​​​​
admissions@lipscomb.edu
Other Student Types
If you are a transfer, non-traditional or international student, your application process will be a little different. Choose your pathway below to access your unique application.
Transfer
International
Non-Traditional
Dates to Know
August 1:
Application opens
Mid to late October:
Admissions Notifications Begin
December 1:
FAFSA
opens
December 1:
Priority Application & Scholarship Deadline
March 1:
Regular Scholarship Deadline
May 1:
Lipscomb Decision Day
August 1:
Finalize Enrollment
Deadline