URL: https://www.lipscomb.edu/admissions/international-admissions
TITLE: International Admissions | Lipscomb University

Have the experience of a lifetime studying in the United States at Lipscomb University, a top choice for international students.
Achieve your dreams and earn a degree in the United States! Students from over 50 countries come to Lipscomb University to learn and grow as leaders, which helps us maintain our reputation as a top university for international students. We believe that diversity enriches the learning experience, and so we intentionally reach out to the global community to welcome students. Apply to experience our highly ranked academic programs, an elite honors college, exciting campus life and
NCAA Division I athletics
.
If you choose to live on campus, you’ll have abundant social opportunities, dining options and educational activities planned to help you acclimate to life in the States. Our
Office of Intercultural Development
facilitates a supportive environment where you can join a student organization, learn from international leaders, and share your culture with other Lipscomb students.
Apply today
to join an academic community of deep knowledge, lasting relationships and bold faith.
Play Video
Put Nashville on your map.
Lipscomb University is located in Nashville, Tennessee, known around the world as Music City. It’s a vibrant place filled with entertainment, art, sports, food and a prospering economy. Nashville is also an international hub, attracting people from cultures around the world—even if you’re thousands of miles away, you will find a little piece of home in the city. Our school is very involved in the greater Nashville community. With a consistent 95% job placement rate, our university is committed to connecting you with a network of internship and career opportunities. Depending on your major, you’ll also have extensive opportunities to complete research, publish papers and even start businesses.
Steps to Apply
14:1
Student to faculty ratio
20%
of student body is in the Honors College
#3
Best City for Jobs
Virtual Tour
About Nashville
Part of being located in a world-class city means that our campus extends beyond traditional borders. Our programs offer unconventional, diverse learning opportunities all over the city—whether that means nursing students who complete clinical rotations at nationally ranked hospitals or music students who have unique access to historic recording studios. Plus, in a buzzing city with endless restaurants, sporting events, free concerts and outdoor options, you’ll never be bored!
Living in Nashville