URL: https://www.lipscomb.edu/admission/tuition-and-financial-aid/undergraduate-students/types-aid-undergraduate-students
TITLE: Undergraduate Student Types of Aid | Lipscomb University

Types of Aid - Undergraduate Students
Here at Lipscomb, we’re committed to making your educational goals become a reality and that includes helping financially.
Lipscomb is dedicated to consistently enrolling a diverse community of students, regardless of their financial capacities. And that’s why we provide financial aid for 99 percent of our undergraduate students each year. We offer a variety of scholarships, federal work study opportunities, grants and loans to students like you.
There are several ways to finance a Lipscomb degree: grants, scholarships, loans and work study. Based on these resources, our financial counselors will put the best available package together for you. In addition, Lipscomb will apply any outside scholarships or grants you have earned and apply them to your financial aid package.
It is the student's responsibility to monitor their student account in the myLipscomb Portal to be aware of financial aid and the status of awards.
Scholarships
Lipscomb offers scholarships that recognize academic achievement, service involvement, talent and leadership capability. Scholarships do not have to be repaid. To continue to receive your scholarship, you must meet the renewal requirements and file your FAFSA each year.
Scholarships
Grants
Grants are offered either by the institution or by an outside organization based on the financial situation of you and your family. A grant is a type of need-based aid that does not need to be repaid. You'll find a variety of grants offered by the government that are widely available, as well as grants specific to a program of study and personal background.
Grants
Loans
For many families, student loans are a necessary resource to help pay for college expenses. They are borrowed funds that you’ll pay back with interest once you leave college. You can either take a loan out through the federal government (typically has lower interest rates and long terms) or through a private lender.
Loans
Federal Work Study
Federal Work Study offers students the opportunity to earn income to help pay for college expenses while enrolled in school by working with a part-time job that matches their interest and skills. It’s available to both part and full time students who demonstrate a financial need based on the information provided on their FAFSA. The purpose is to encourage and promote the part-time employment of students, as well as assist the university and its surrounding community.
Federal Work Study
Financial Aid FAQ