URL: https://www.lipscomb.edu/admission/tuition-and-financial-aid
TITLE: Tuition & Financial Aid | Lipscomb University

Tuition and Financial Aid
We’ve seen the way our students change the world—that’s why we’re committed to helping you get here by finding a path to make your education affordable.
Each year thousands of Lipscomb students afford a life-changing education. And they do it because at Lipscomb, 99 percent of undergraduates receive some form of financial help, from merit-based scholarships to work-study programs to federal grants. Find out what your options are. The following costs are for a typical undergraduate student living on campus for a semester.
Lipscomb uses a block tuition rate so undergraduate students enrolled between 12 – 18 credit hours are charged a flat rate.
There are many changes in Financial Aid starting in the 2026-2027 academic year. You can
read more
from the Department of Education. We encourage all students to complete the
FAFSA
.
2026-2027 Undergraduate Tuition & Fees
Tuition & Fees
Room & Board
Total
Per Semester
$22,243
$7,756
$29,999
Per Year
$44,486
$15,512
$59,998
Additional information about Graduate and Degree Completion Tuition can be found on the pages linked below.
Graduate Tuition
Degree Completion Tuition
Cost of Attendance
Net Price Calculator for Incoming Freshmen
Affordability at Any Level
Undergraduate Students
Take the first step toward your future of living, learning and serving as a Bison by exploring our application and admission process. Test scores count, yes; but what counts more is who you are, where you’ve come from and where you want to go.
Undergraduate Students
Graduate Students
Set yourself apart by taking your learning to the next level. Lipscomb has a wide variety of graduate offerings, but all of our programs have one thing in common: once you’re finished, your degree will empower you to thrive professionally.
Graduate Students
Degree Completion Students
You’ve already started the journey—now it’s time to finish strong. Whether you paused for work, family, or life’s unexpected turns, Lipscomb offers flexible, online programs to help you complete your degree and move forward with purpose.
Degree Completion Students
Parents
Okay, so you’re not the one going off to school. But that doesn’t mean you don’t have just as much stake in the matter! As a parent or guardian, your role is instrumental in getting your student to the right place.
Parents
Contact
Us
financialaid@lipscomb.edu
615.966.1791
Resources and Tools
Net Price Calculator
The actual investment in Lipscomb varies from student to student, but almost no one pays the full listed tuition and room & board! To better estimate your cost to attend Lipscomb, try out this tool.
Net Price Calculator
Financial Aid Terms
Learn more about the terms and definitions you'll come across when exploring financial aid.
Financial Aid Terms
Common Questions
Learn everything you need to know about applying for and receiving financial aid at Lipscomb.
Common Questions
$24k
average financial aid package
95%
job placement rate
Want to
learn more?
Join our community of purposeful minds and passionate hearts. We look forward to getting to know you.
Common Questions
Policies & Consumer Information