URL: https://www.lipscomb.edu/admissions/cost-financial-aid/resources/financial-aid-common-questions
TITLE: Common Questions - Financial Aid | Lipscomb University

Financial Aid: Common Questions
Learn everything you need to know about applying for and receiving financial aid at Lipscomb.
At Lipscomb, we do not want your financial situation to hinder you education. Below find the answers to your questions regarding the financial aid process, FAFSAs, loans, and more.
Still have questions? Our office is here to help.
financialaid
[at]
lipscomb.edu
(Contact Us)
General Questions
Who is my financial aid counselor and how can I contact them?
The
Financial Aid Office
is available to answer any questions you need to ask regarding your specific financial aid situation.
Is there a way for me to estimate the overall cost of a Lipscomb education?
Yes! Our
net price calculator
estimates the cost of your education including tuition and fees, room and board, books and other related expenses based on your educational plans. The exact cost of attending Lipscomb can vary based on your degree program.
I think my family makes too much money. Should I still apply for financial aid?
We recommend that everyone
complete a FAFSA
before their first year of school so that we can award the best financial aid package possible. The FAFSA takes many factors into consideration including household size, number in college, asset portfolio and more. The FAFSA is required in order to receive any federal aid, as well as most Lipscomb aid.
Can I receive financial aid for summer classes?
Yes!
Apply for Summer Aid
What happens if I drop a class?
Tuition is the same for all full-time students, which is considered between 12 and 18 hours. If you drop a class and it results in you status changing to part-time, it may affect your tuition and financial aid. Feel free to get in touch with the financial aid office if this applies to you.
If you choose to withdrawal from Lipscomb, you may have to return Title IV funds.
FAFSA Questions
How do I file the FAFSA?
File the FAFSA online
. If you haven’t already done so, you’ll need to create an
FSAID
.
What is Lipscomb’s FAFSA school code?
Lipscomb’s FAFSA school code is 003486.
Do I have to reapply for financial aid every year?
Yes, you need to file the FAFSA each year in order to remain eligible for financial aid.
My parents are separated or divorced. Who should file the FAFSA?
FAFSA guidelines say you should answer the parent section using information about the household in which have lived most for the 12 months before filing.
If you did not live with one parent more than the other, you should give answers about the parent who provided more financial support during the last 12 months, or the most recent year in which you actually received support from a parent.
The parent with whom you lived or provided more financial support during the last 12 months is identified as the custodial parent, and you will use his or her information on the FAFSA. If the custodial parent is remarried as of the date you are filing your FAFSA, answer the questions using information about your parent and your stepparent.
What is verification and why was I chosen for it?
Verification is a process used to confirm the information you have provided on the FAFSA. Verification selection can either be random or because your FAFSA data was incomplete, estimated or inconsistent. The U.S. Department of Education selects students for the verification process but not all.
To determine if you have been selected by the Department of Education, you can review your Student Aid Report. If selected, the verification requirements will be listed on your myLipscomb Financial Aid Award page.
The verification process requires Lipscomb University to collect documents from you to confirm the information on your FAFSA. Along with the verification worksheet found in myLipscomb, you will need to provide the Financial Aid Office with all necessary documents and information indicated on the verification worksheet.
What are the priority filing deadlines?
October 1:
Begin filing your FAFSA for the coming school year.
February 1:
Last day your can submit your FAFSA and receive the HOPE Scholarship for spring.
30 days after the start of spring semester:
Loan disbursement begins. In order for your Stafford Loan(s) to pay to your Lipscomb account, you must be enrolled in, and attending, six hours.
Graduate students, your loans will not disburse until you are enrolled and attending your 6th hour of classes.
If a credit is created on your account, the Business Office has up to 14 days after the loan pays to issue your refund.
March:
Lipscomb begins awarding for the next school year.
April:
Exit counseling sessions are available for students who are graduating or leaving school.
May 1:
Enrollment deposit is due. This deposit saves your place in Lipscomb’s incoming class and covers the cost of your new student orientation. If you plan to attend Lipscomb in the fall, we must receive your enrollment deposit by May 1st. You can submit your deposit online.
June 15:
FAFSA verification deadline for priority processing.
September 1:
Last day you can submit your FAFSA and receive the HOPE Scholarship for fall.
30 days after the start of fall semester:
Fall loan disbursement begins. In order for your Stafford Loan(s) to pay to your Lipscomb account, you must be enrolled in, and attending, six hours.
Loan Questions
How do I sign a Master Promissory Note (MPN) and complete entrance counseling for a loan?
Visit
www.studentaid.gov
to complete your Federal Direct Stafford Loan Entrance Counseling and the Master Promissory Note. Lipscomb will be notified once you have completed your Direct Loan MPN.
What are the interest rates for student loans?
The interest rate for federal loans is subject to change yearly.
Federal Loan Interest Rate
When do educational loans go into repayment?
Federal student loans go into repayment six months after you drop below half-time (six credit hours for undergraduate; may vary for graduate programs) or graduation.
Private student loans vary by lender.
Federal parent loans generally begin repayment 60 days after the final loan disbursement; however, parents may request a deferment (delay in payment) for up to four years. There is no grace period. Interest begins to accumulate at the time the first disbursement is made.
What is the difference between federal and private loans?
Private loans are an option for financing your college education that are separate from the standard forms of lending from federal and state governments, such as the Federal Direct loans and Parent PLUS loans.
While federal student loans are not credit-qualifying loans but limit borrowing to specific amounts, private loans are credit-qualifying loans requiring a credit-worthy co-signer. Private loans allow you to borrow up to cost of attendance minus your other financial aid.
We strongly encourage you to borrow from the Federal Student Loan program before considering private loans.