URL: https://www.lipscomb.edu/admissions/tuition-and-financial-aid/graduate-financial-aid/types-aid-graduate
TITLE: Graduate Student Types of Aid | Lipscomb University

Types of Aid - Graduate
Here at Lipscomb, we’re committed to making your educational goals become a reality, and that includes helping financially.
Lipscomb is dedicated to consistently enrolling a diverse community of students, regardless of their financial capacities. And that’s why we provide financial aid for 99 percent of our undergraduate students each year. We offer a variety of scholarships, federal work study opportunities, grants and loans to students like you.
There are several ways to finance a Lipscomb degree: grants, scholarships, loans and work study. Based on these resources, our financial counselors will put the best available package together for you. In addition, Lipscomb will apply any outside scholarships or grants you have earned to your financial aid package.
It is the student's responsibility to monitor your student account in the Bison Portal to be aware of your financial aid and the status of your awards.
New!
TN HOPE for Graduate Students
The TN HOPE scholarship now covers up to five years, so if you finish your bachelor’s in four, you can use the extra year to start a master’s program. Learn more about this expanded opportunity to fund your graduate education.
Tennessee HOPE Scholarship for Graduate Students
Scholarships
There are departmental scholarships and a number of graduate assistantships available at Lipscomb. These are offered by individual departments and programs and may be awarded based on academic standing, work experience and financial need.
Contact Graduate Recruiter
Tennessee HOPE Scholarship
Veteran Aid / Yellow Ribbon Program
Through an agreement with the United States Department of Veteran Affairs, Lipscomb University will guarantee some level of graduate tuition funding, applicable to all graduate programs, for students who qualify for the Yellow Ribbon Program. Depending on program tuition rates, the graduate tuition funding may or may not cover the total tuition cost of the program.
Veteran Services
Loans
For many families, student loans are a necessary resource to help pay for college expenses. They are borrowed funds that you’ll pay back with interest once you leave college. You can either take a loan out through the federal government (typically has lower interest rates and long terms) or through a private lender.
Loans
Federal Work Study
Federal Work Study offers students the opportunity to earn income to help pay for college expenses while enrolled in school by working with a part-time job that matches their interest and skills. It’s available to both part and full-time students who demonstrate a financial need based on the information provided on their FAFSA. The purpose is to encourage and promote the part-time employment of students, as well as assist the university and its surrounding community.
Federal Work Study