URL: https://www.lipscomb.edu/admission
TITLE: Admissions | Lipscomb University

Admission
Join our Christ-centered community that will magnify the best in you and challenge you to grow.
Our 4,800 students are working toward everything from earning bachelor’s degrees in accounting to becoming Doctors of Pharmacy. Lipscomb strives to be an environment in which students of all backgrounds and academic interests can receive a Christ-centered education. Experience the best of faith, knowledge, innovation and service at Lipscomb University.
No matter what kind of learner you are — first-time freshman or doctoral candidate, military veteran or online student — you can find a place at Lipscomb. Learn more below about applications, admission, and financial aid.
Play Video
No matter what kind of learner you are — first-time freshman or doctoral candidate, military veteran or online student — you can find a place here. At Lipscomb University, flourishing awaits.
Apply (Undergraduate)
Schedule a Visit
Finalize Enrollment
Apply (Graduate)
Graduate Admission Events
Tuition & Aid
Choose Your Path
Freshmen
Take the first step toward your future of living, learning and serving as a Bison by exploring our application and admission process. Test scores count, yes; but what counts more is who you are, where you’ve come from and where you want to go.
Freshmen
Transfers
You’re not new to the college scene, but you probably still have some questions about what it takes to become a Bison. And no matter where you started, Lipscomb is committed to making it as easy as possible for you to get here and finish strong.
Transfers
International
Our student body has a diverse makeup, with 50 different countries represented. Add yours to our campus! We believe that diversity enriches the learning experience, which is why we intentionally reach out to the global community.
International
Graduate
Set yourself apart by taking your learning to the next level. Lipscomb has a wide variety of graduate offerings, but all of our programs have one thing in common: once you’re finished, your degree will empower you to thrive professionally.
Graduate
Online
Earn your degree online with the flexibility, support, and academic excellence you expect from Lipscomb. Whether you're starting, finishing, or advancing your education, our online programs are designed to fit your life—and align with your goals.
Online
Military & Veterans
You chose to serve your country—now let us give back to you. Though Lipscomb’s participation in the Yellow Ribbon Program, eligible military veterans and their families can receive discounted or free tuition toward a degree.
Military & Veterans
Non-Traditional
Your situation and educational background are unique, and we want to make sure to point you in the right direction to get you started at Lipscomb. If you are an adult, second-degree, visiting or non-degree student, then this section is just for you.
Non-Traditional
Parents
Okay, so you’re not the one going off to school. But that doesn’t mean you don’t have just as much stake in the matter! As a parent or guardian, your role is instrumental in getting your student to the right place.
Parents
School Counselors
As a counselor, your mission is the same as ours: to help students thrive. We compile resources and cultivate relationships that make it easy for you to connect your high schoolers with the right college fit.
School Counselors
High School Juniors
“Where do you want to go to college?” How many times have you heard that question lately? You’re probably asking yourself the same thing. Every student's journey to discovering the right school looks different. Find out if Lipscomb is the place for you.
High School Juniors
Lipscomb's firm foundation.
A thriving city.
Our campus doesn't stop at 113 acres. In fact, it extends throughout the world-class city of Nashville, and we get to draw from its limitless resources through our network of local leaders.
A lens of learning.
Our nationally ranked academic programs foster innovation and community. Collaborate with other passionate minds in a curriculum that emphasizes interdisciplinary engagement.
A life of service.
Grow spiritually as much as you grow intellectually. The type of education we offer instills a perspective of service as you apply your expertise with courage and kindness.
$12M
in scholarships awarded to the class of 2019
Affording a Lipscomb Education
Each year thousands of Lipscomb students afford a life-changing education. And they do it because at Lipscomb, 99 percent of undergraduates receive some form of financial help, from merit-based scholarships to work-study programs to federal grants. We’ve seen the way our students change the world—that’s why we’re committed to helping you get here by finding a path to make your education affordable. Find out what your options are.
Financial Aid
See for Yourself!
Lipscomb is a place where rigorous academics and spiritual formation go hand in hand. We’re also a place where you can play Division I athletics, serve and learn around the globe and get plugged into one of our 70+ campus organizations. Come and see for yourself! Schedule a visit to meet our faculty, tour campus and hang out with current students to get a real sense of what your future as a Bison could be like.
Visit Lipscomb
Ready to
get started?
Join our community of purposeful minds and passionate hearts. We look forward to getting to know you.
Request Information
Schedule a Visit
Apply to Lipscomb