URL: https://www.lipscomb.edu/admission/tuition-and-financial-aid/undergraduate-students/summer-financial-aid
TITLE: Summer Financial Aid | Lipscomb University

Summer Financial Aid
Financial Aid is available to assist in offsetting the cost of taking classes during the summer months.
For Summer 2026 Lipscomb is offering summer courses for a discounted tuition rate of $1,250 per credit hour. No academic scholarships or other institutional aid can be applied to this rate.
Your aid will be determined by the number of credit hours you take, and your courses must fall within your approved academic program or Course Program of Study (CPoS).
Financial Aid is available to assist in offsetting the cost of taking classes during the summer months. Students could qualify to use funds from: Federal Loans, HOPE Scholarship, Summer Pell funds, and Federal Work Study.
Most aid requires students to be enrolled in at least six hours across the summer term. Summer term includes any combination (Full Term, Term 1, Term 2  Maymester, Junemester and Julymester, and travel courses).
Types of Summer Aid
Loans
You must be registered at a minimum of half-time (6 credit hours for undergraduate, 3 credit hours for graduate).
You can receive Federal Direct Subsidized/Unsubsidized Loans during the summer if the full amount was not used during the fall and spring of that current academic year.
If you change student status at the end of the Spring term (Freshman to Sophomore or Sophomore to Junior status) you may be eligible for an additional $1,000 in federal loan funds.
If you received the full amount of your Federal Student Loans during the Fall and Spring terms, you will need to contact our office to determine your loan eligibility.
Parent PLUS  loans may also be used for the summer term if needed.  Apply at studentaid.gov. Our office will apply these funds once we receive confirmation from the site that the student is approved for the loan.
HOPE Scholarship
The HOPE Scholarship is prorated based on the number of hours the student is enrolled in:
1-5 Hours: 0%
6-8 Hours: 50%
9-11 Hours: 75%
12+ Hours: 100%
Pell funds for Summer
Students who qualified for the federal Pell Grant program during the 25-26 Academic Year can be considered for summer Pell funding. The award is pro-rated as a percentage of full time (12 hours) enrollment. 6 hours = 50%, 8 hours = 66% etc.
Federal Work Study
In order to receive summer federal work study aid, students must qualify based on information provided on the FAFSA and must be enrolled in six or more credit hours for the summer semester. You can learn more about the Federal Work Study program
here
.
2026 Summer Aid Application