URL: https://www.lipscomb.edu/admission/tuition-and-financial-aid/graduate-financial-aid/applying-graduate-students
TITLE: Graduate Student Applying for Aid | Lipscomb University

Applying  - Graduate Students
There is a path to affording a life-changing education.
Application Process
Complete the FAFSA for the appropriate academic year. Lipscomb’s aid year runs August to July and includes all 3 terms Fall, Spring and Summer. Be sure to complete the correct FAFSA based on your starting term. (Ex.  Students starting Spring 27 should complete the 26-27 FAFSA) Lipscomb’s School Code is 003486.
Students who complete a FAFSA and are eligible for federal loans will receive an aid package including the loan offer. You can View and Accept your federal student loan in your Student Portal under your Financial Aid Overview.
Students wanting to borrow additional funds for their program can apply for a Private Student Loan through any number of lenders.
Explore Private Loans.
Items Needed to Complete the FAFSA
Lipscomb University’s school code: 003486
Your social security number
Your driver’s license number or Alien Registration number if you are not a U.S. citizen
Federal tax information or tax returns from 2 years prior including W-2 information for you (and your spouse, if you are married). You can use the
IRS Data Retrieval Tool
to electronically transfer your federal tax return information into your FAFSA form.
Records of your untaxed income
Information on cash, savings and checking account balances, investments, as well as business and farm assets
FAFSA processing can take between 3- 5 days. You can check the status by logging in with your FSA ID. Once it’s processed, you’ll receive a
Student Aid Report (SAR)
and we’ll receive the output to help put together the award package.
FAFSA Help
FAFSA processing can take between 3 days - 3 weeks. You can check the status by logging in with your FSA ID. Once it’s processed, you’ll receive a
Student Aid Report (SAR)
, and we’ll receive the output to help put together the award package.
If your financial situation has changed significantly from what is reflected on your federal income tax return, you may be eligible to have your financial aid adjusted. Review the requirements and process for this
special circumstance
.
Understanding Financial Need
To determine financial need, we calculate your need using this process:
Your SAR will report your Expected Family Contribution (EFC). Lipscomb University uses this to determine your financial aid awards.
We are dedicated to consistently enrolling a diverse community of students, regardless of their financial capacities. An investment in Lipscomb is an investment in your future: that’s why we strive to ensure that costs are not a barrier for our students. Lipscomb is proud to be a top school for return on investment and has a below-average student debt at graduation. That's because financial aid and even scholarships and assistantships to some programs are available to students.