URL: https://www.lipscomb.edu/admission/tuition-and-financial-aid/undergraduate-students/applying-aid-undergraduate-students
TITLE: Undergraduate Students Applying for Aid | Lipscomb University

Applying for Aid - Undergraduate Students
There is a path to affording a life-changing education.
FAFSA
The Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) is required for renewal of Federal, State and Institutional Aid.  Lipscomb University’s
school code:
003486
Be sure to select the correct academic year FAFSA based on when you need the aid. You need to submit the FAFSA every year to be eligible for a loan.
Most students under 24, unmarried and without dependents of their own to support, will be dependent for the FAFSA. Dependency status for the FAFSA is NOT the same as dependency status for tax purposes. You can use this
link
to determine if you should classify yourself as dependent or independent on the FAFSA form. If you still have questions about extreme circumstances, please contact the
financialaid
[at]
lipscomb.edu
(Financial Aid Office)
.
When determining which parent to list on your FAFSA form, see the
information provided on the Federal Student Aid page
.
FAFSA processing can take between 3 days - 3 weeks. You can check the status by logging in with your FSA ID. Once it’s processed, you’ll receive a
FAFSA Submission Summary
and we’ll receive the output to help put together the offer.
Due to timing of tax filing, the FAFSA is completed using income information that is 2 years prior to the start of the academic year you are applying for.  If your family’s financial situation has changed significantly in that time due to job loss or other major financial disruption, you can contact the Financial Aid Office to discuss how to document your current situation.
Items Needed to Complete the FAFSA
Lipscomb University’s school code: 003486
Your social security number and if you are a dependent student, your parents’ social security numbers.
You will need to give consent for electronic retrieval of tax information. Giving consent allows the IRS data to automatically link to your form. You will complete a few additional financial questions and may need to refer to previous tax returns.
Records of your untaxed income.
Information on cash, savings and checking account balances, investments, and business and farm assets for you and your parents if you are a dependent student.
FAFSA Help
Most students under 24, unmarried and without dependents of their own to support, will be dependent for the FAFSA. Dependency status for the FAFSA is NOT the same as dependency status for tax purposes. You can use this
link
to determine if you should classify yourself as dependent or independent on the FAFSA form. If you still have questions about extreme circumstances, please contact the Financial Aid Office.
When determining which parent to list on your FAFSA form, see the
information provided on the Federal Student Aid page
.
FAFSA processing can take between 3 days - 3 weeks. You can check the status by logging in with your FSA ID. Once it’s processed, you’ll receive a
Student Aid Report (SAR)
and we’ll receive the output to help put together the offer.
Due to the timing of tax filing, the FAFSA is completed using income information that is 2 years prior to the start of the academic year you are applying for. If your family’s financial situation has changed significantly in that time due to job loss or other major financial disruption, you can review the requirements and process for this
Special Circumstance Appeal
.
Understanding Financial Need
To determine financial need, we calculate your need using this process:
Your FAFSA Submission Summary will include your Student Aid Index (SAI). Lipscomb University uses this to determine your financial aid offer.
We are dedicated to consistently enrolling a diverse community of students, regardless of their financial capacities. 99% of Lipscomb undergraduate students receive some type of aid each year through a variety of scholarships, federal work study opportunities, grants and loans.
Financial Aid FAQ