URL: https://www.lipscomb.edu/one-stop/financial-aid-faqs
TITLE: Financial Aid FAQs - Bison One Stop | Lipscomb University

Financial Aid FAQS
Learn everything you need to know about applying for and receiving financial aid at Lipscomb. We do not want your financial situation to hinder your education. Below find the answers to your questions regarding the financial aid process, FAFSAs, loans, and more.
What is the FAFSA?
The starting point for students seeking aid is to complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). The FAFSA is the application used to determine eligibility for federal and state student grants, federal work study and federal loans. The U.S. Department of Education accepts applications for an upcoming academic year starting October 1 of the prior year.
Learn more about the FAFSA here
.
You should complete the FAFSA for each academic year they wish to be packaged with federal aid.
The federal school code for Lipscomb is: 003486.
What are the requirements for federal financial aid?
In order to be eligible for financial aid you must meet the following criteria:
Be a U.S. citizen or eligible non-citizen in a degree or certificate program of study at least half-time (enrolled in six credit hours or more).
Make satisfactory academic progress (A 2.0 cumulative GPA and completing at least 67% of all attempted credit hours).
Not be in default on a federal student loan.
Not owe a refund on any federal financial aid grant.
Have a valid Social Security number.
Enrollment status will be calculated based only on those courses that are required for, or that can be applied as an eligible elective credit toward, a student's degree or certificate program.
Undergraduate Students:
Students must be enrolled in at least half-time status to be eligible for federal aid.
Full-time: 12 credit hours (Fall/Spring)
Half-time: 6 credit hours (Summer, non-travel)
Enrollment intensity is the percentage of full-time enrollment at which an undergraduate student is enrolled, rounded to the nearest whole percent.
For example, if full-time enrollment is 12 credit hours and a student is enrolled in 7 credit hours, the enrollment intensity would be 7 ÷ 12 × 100% = 58.3% (round to 58%).  Refer to the chart below for determining enrollment intensity, per semester.
Graduate Students:
Students must be enrolled in at least half-time status to be eligible for federal funding.
Full-time: 6 credit hours
Half-time: 3 credit hours
Enrollment intensity is the percentage of full-time enrollment at which a graduate student is enrolled, rounded to the nearest whole percent.
For example, if full-time enrollment is 12 credit hours and a student is enrolled in 7 credit hours, the enrollment intensity would be 7 ÷ 12 × 100% = 58.3% (round to 58%).  Refer to the chart below for determining enrollment intensity, per semester.
Why has my aid not been added to the bill?
It's likely the Financial Aid Office is in the process of awarding aid for the upcoming semester and you should see it on your bill shortly. You may also want confirm that you submitted the FAFSA for the correct academic year by visiting your account on the
studentaid.gov website
.
When will I be notified that my Financial Aid package is ready to view?
You will receive an automated email from Lipscomb’s Financial Aid Office notifying you that your award has been added. You may go into your student portal on
my.Lipscomb.edu
to review and accept the awards. Find helpful Instructions to View Financial Aid Offer letter
here
.
How do I accept or decline my offered awards?
You may do so through the student portal. Log into your student portal on
my.Lipscomb.edu
. Then
follow these instructions
.
My parent or guardian completed a PLUS loan application on studentaid.gov, but it's not reflected on my bill. Why did that happen?
Loans may not process for a variety of reasons such as a missing Master Promissory Note, incorrect Social Security number, misspelled name or incorrect date of birth preventing loan from matching, late application, wrong award year selected or credit check expired before the loan processed because the application was submitted too early (must be less than six months from process date). Refer to your application at studentaid.gov to check for incorrect information or call 1-800-4FEDAID.
I just accepted a federal direct loan, what's the next step?
Now that you have accepted your federal direct loans, you will need to complete two loan requirements that can be done on
studentaid.gov
.
The
Master Promissory Note
(MPN) is a legal document which the borrower signs as a promise to repay your loan(s) and any accrued interest and fees to the U.S. Department of Education. It also explains the terms and conditions of your loan(s). You may borrow additional Direct Loans on a single MPN for up to 10 years. The MPN must be signed by the borrower prior to the disbursement of any loan funds to the student's account.
If the borrower applies for the loan each year, then the borrower only has to complete the MPN once – the first year these funds are borrowed for you. The borrower, however, must re-apply for a new loan every year.
Entrance Counseling
If you accept a federal direct loan, federal and institutional regulations require you to complete an entrance counseling tutorial to ensure that you understand the responsibilities and obligations you are assuming. You will learn important information about repayment, deferment, forbearance and cancellation. You can meet this requirement by completing the online entrance counseling tutorial at
studentaid.gov
. This is only required the first time you receive a federal direct loan.
Find helpful instructions for completing entrance counseling and MPN here
.
I do not see my anticipated aid for fall and/or spring semesters reflected on myLipscomb Student Portal under Awards or on the Registration Bill? What should I do?
Check on the
studentaid.gov
website to be sure you submitted the FAFSA for the correct academic year.
Confirm that your enrollment hours meet the minimum requirement to receive aid.
Undergraduate students must be enrolled in 12+ hours to receive full aid; for those enrolled in less than 12 hours, aid is prorated: 6-8 hours (50%), 9-11 hours (75%). Students must be enrolled in a minimum of 6 credit hours to receive any aid.
Summer term - select aid is prorated at 6+ hours.
Graduating/Final Semester - you must complete Scholarship Special Request form to have scholarship prorated at 6+ hours.
Graduate students must be enrolled in 3+ hours to receive full aid.
If you drop a class and fall below the minimum threshold for credit hours, your aid may be reduced or removed.
Confirm that you match eligibility for GPA and on/off campus housing requirements specific to your award.
If your FAFSA reflects a change in your Student Aid Index (SAI), your aid may be reduced or removed.
Why is all my aid not applied to summer courses?
This may occur because:
You do not meet the enrollment requirement (6 credit hours).
Your aid type is ineligible for summer usage (TS00, Community Vision, Heritage scholarship, Kairos Scholarship, Memorial Grants, NCSA Grants, Pathways, Phi Theta Kappa, Presidential Distinction, Scout Scholarship).
For more information on summer Financial Aid, you can read details
here
.
Why do I have a hold on my account?
You may be flagged by FAFSA for C-Code or Verification. After filing your FAFSA, more information may be needed. Carefully read your Student Aid Report and follow instructions to make changes.  If you are selected for Federal Verification, you will be notified by the Lipscomb Financial Aid Office.
Please see the “
Paying Your Bill
” section for other reasons holds may be placed on a student’s account.
I received a private scholarship. How can I add it to my financial aid package?
Lipscomb University no longer requires paper checks as the payment method for outside scholarships.
Payments may now be submitted online.
In the
Online Scholarship Submission Portal
, you can:
Enter scholarship details
Upload an award letter (optional)
Make a secure online payment
Lipscomb University uses Backpack to receive 529 + Outside Scholarship payments.
Backpack, is a payment technology company specializing in higher education financial workflows.
Backpack
helps Lipscomb University digitize and automate its scholarship processing, ensuring faster, safer, and more transparent handling for both providers and students.
The platform is
free to use
, and payments are
directly integrated with our Cashier’s Office
, so we’re notified the moment your transfer is initiated. To make payment, click
here
.
Click here to access Backpack
If I lose my Lipscomb academic scholarship because I drop below the required GPA, how can I get it back?
Yes. You must raise your GPA to the minimum requirement (Academic Scholarship - 3.0; Bison Achievement Award - 2.0). Once your grades are submitted reflecting the increased GPA meets the threshold, submit the
Scholarship Reinstatement Request form
to the Financial Aid Office to be reviewed for consideration.
What is Federal Work Study?
Work study is a federal student aid program for college students with financial need that helps them find part-time jobs.
Federal work-study (FWS) is paid by having an on campus job and earning a paycheck as work-study earnings.  These funds are not paid to your registration bill but paid to you directly and you may spend them on immediate living expenses while in school. Federal work-study is intended to help students pay for books, supplies and personal expenses during the academic year.
The offer has limited funding and is offered to students based on their need eligibility. Income is counted as financial aid, and not as regular income, which increases a student’s eligibility for financial aid.
You can get more information about FWS
here
.
Is there an option for additional aid if our family financial circumstances have changed?
Yes, it is called Special Circumstances or Professional Judgment. It is used in situations like divorce and job loss, and thorough documentation is required. Students may complete this
form
to be considered for a Special Circumstance.
Who can I contact with questions about my financial aid award?
Email
financialaid
[at]
lipscomb.edu
(financialaid[at]lipscomb[dot]edu)
with any questions you may have or visit
lipscomb.edu/admissions/financial-aid
.
What if I need extra semesters to graduate?
Instituitional awards are renewable to a maximum of
126 attempted
Lipscomb hours (does not include transfer credits).  Extensions are considered under extenuating circumstances. Students who begin the term with less than 126 attempted credits at Lipscomb
will be awarded
even if they will end the term with more - they do not need to complete this form.
Extensions are
not
considered for:
double majors
double minors
major and/or minor changes
repeat coursework
HOPE scholarships can be used for up to five years of study. See more at collegefortn.org.
Loans may be available for students who have not reached their maximum loan eligibility.