URL: https://www.lipscomb.edu/one-stop/security-faqs
TITLE: Security FAQs - Bison One Stop | Lipscomb University

Security FAQs
Your safety and security is a top priority. Lipscomb Security works to maintain a safe and secure environment for students, faculty, staff and guests.
What services does Lipscomb Security provide?
Where do I go to get my student ID and/or register my vehicle?
What are Lipscomb Security’s hours of operation?
How can I be notified of an emergency or severe weather?
What if I lock my keys in my car on-campus? Have a flat tire? Need a jump start?
What if I am studying late and don’t want to walk across campus by myself?
Where can I park?
How can I obtain temporary access to handicap parking?
Is Lipscomb a safe campus?
How can I reach Lipscomb Security?
What services does Lipscomb Security provide?
Providing a safe and secure environment for students and the entire Lipscomb community is the top priority of the Office of Lipscomb Security. Lipscomb Security provides robust services to students. These include: safety awareness classes, first aid classes, roadside and travel services (such as dead battery recovery, flat tire assistance or retrieving keys locked inside s vehicle within a two-mile radius of campus), round-the-clock campus patrols, campus-wide camera surveillance network, a Communications Dispatch Center staffed 24-hours a day, blue light call towers located throughout campus, in-person and virtual Bison Walk, Campus parking and traffic management, student ID card production and replacement, and the Lipscomb Ready app. One of the best emergency preparedness resources for students is the Lipscomb Ready app, a robust emergency preparedness resource that is available for free to every member of this community. Downloading the Lipscomb Ready app is easy! Simply click the Lipscomb Ready button on
myLipscomb
or click
here
for the Android version and
here
for the Apple version. Take a few minutes to explore all of the features available to you through this app.
Where do I go to get my student ID and/or register my vehicle?
You may start the process of getting a Lipscomb ID card or parking decals online through your student portal on myLipscomb. These services are located on the Security tab. There you will be able to submit the necessary information for Lipscomb Security to process your request. ID cards and/or parking decals may be picked up at the Lipscomb Security Dispatch Center service window in the basement of Beaman Library. You may also visit the service window and Lipscomb Security personnel will help walk you through the process.
What are Lipscomb Security’s hours of operation?
Lipscomb Security is staffed 24/7. Fully licensed, state-certified officers patrol campus continuously while communications officers monitor surveillance cameras around-the-clock in the Lipscomb Security Dispatch Center.
How can I be notified of an emergency or severe weather?
One of the best emergency preparedness resources for you is the LipscombReady App. The Lipscomb Ready App is a FREE resource that provides quick access in the palm of your hand to many on-campus and community resources. Included in the app:
Emergency notifications are sent to your cell phone through the Lipscomb Ready app, so be sure to enable notifications in your settings so you will be notified of schedule disruptions or closings, active threat alerts, severe weather alerts and other emergency information.
Links to call 911, Lipscomb Security and the local police department.
Mobile BlueLight and Virtual Bison Walk services.
An On-Campus Emergency Response Guide to guide actions to take in various emergency situations such as an injury, fire, active threat situation and more.
Student Support Resources, including links to schedule appointments with Lipscomb’s University Counseling Center, the ACCESSAbility Program and the Title IX Office.
Health and safety resources including links to make an appointment at the Lipscomb University Health Center and information about area hospitals and walk-in clinic information.
Report An Incident form.
Campus map, Nashville MTA bus system map and schedules and a map of local criminal activity.
Friend Watch link.
A Safety Toolbox that includes ways to share a map with your location, am “I’m OK” tool and more.
Downloading the Lipscomb Ready app is easy! Simply click the Lipscomb Ready button on
my.lipscomb.edu
or click
here for the Android version
and
here for the Apple version
.
In addition to sending emergency notifications through the Lipscomb Ready App, in the event of an emergency or severe weather other emergency alert methods include an outdoor siren that will produce an audible siren or message (depending upon situation) and network computer screen takeover in addition to emails, social media and other appropriate communication tactics.
What if I lock my keys in my car on-campus? Have a flat tire? Need a jump start?
Lipscomb Security is happy to assist you with basic vehicle needs on-campus at no cost to you. Off-campus services are not available.
What if I am studying late and don’t want to walk across campus by myself?
Call 615-966-7600 and request a Bison Walk and a Lipscomb Security officer will meet you and escort you to where you need to go on campus. Also located within the Lipscomb Ready App is a Virtual Bison Walk, which, only when activated, pings the Lipscomb Security communications center where you are and where you want to go. A communications officer will monitor your location and your path and if there are any irregularities, they can reach out to you to make sure you are safe. **NOTE: The Lipscomb Ready app does not monitor your location when not in use, and only displays your location when activating the Virtual Bison Walk feature of the app.
Where can I park?
Student parking is available in multiple areas around campus. Any legal parking spot that is not designated by markings on the ground or a sign in front of the space is available to you. You should not park in University Park Drive, which is reserved for guests and faculty/staff, nor in spaces designated for faculty/staff located in the North Garage and Arena Garage or in spaces designated for Lipscomb Academy. Due to safety and accessibility concerns, you are not permitted to park in a fire lane at any time or in handicap or ADA accessible hash marked areas without the proper identification placard.
How can I obtain temporary access to handicap parking?
All requests for handicap-accessible parking are submitted to the ACCESSAbility office at
accessability
[at]
lipscomb.edu
(accessability[at]lipscomb[dot]edu)
or by phone at 615-966-6301. If your request is approved, the ACCESSAbility team will forward all appropriate information to our office and you will be able to come obtain a temporary handicap placard.
Is Lipscomb a safe campus?
We encourage you to take responsibility for your personal safety. This means doing your part in assessing your potential risks, being aware of your surroundings and investing some time planning for the unexpected. Lipscomb is located in a residential area that is historically safe. Although the Lipscomb community is not immune to outside issues finding their way onto campus, Lipscomb Security officers actively patrol campus 24 hours per day to mitigate these risks and maintain a safe environment that is conducive to learning and living on campus.
How can I reach Lipscomb Security?
Call 615-966-7600 or email
security
[at]
lipscomb.edu
(security[at]lipscomb[dot]edu)
. You may also visit
lipscomb.edu/safety
for more safety information.