URL: https://www.iona.edu/academics/explore-majors-programs/communication-sciences-and-disorders-ma-degree
TITLE: Master's in Communication Sciences & Disorders | Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
Master's in Communication Sciences & Disorders (MA)
Take the Next Step
Start your application
Continue your application
Request More Information
*Required
Loading...
Virtual Information Session
Monday, February 9, 6 p.m.
Join us to hear directly from faculty and current students and to have all of your questions answered. Topics will include the application process, field placements, financing your education, Iona’s Speech Clinic and more.
Register Now: 2/9/26, 6 p.m.
Iona University offers a master’s in communication sciences and disorders degree program where students learn evidence-based techniques for the diagnosis and treatment of communication-based disorders. A master's in communication sciences and disorders prepares graduates to work with clients of all ages and diagnoses across a variety of clinical settings, including schools, hospitals, clinics, special treatment centers, and private practices.
Why Choose Iona University’s Communication Sciences & Disorders MA?
The Iona Master of Arts (MA) in Communication Sciences and Disorders meets professional requirements for a career as a speech-language pathologist. The MA degree prepares graduates to apply for state licensure as a speech-language pathologist. The program is fully accredited by the Council on Academic Accreditation in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology (CAA) of the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association (ASHA).
The CSD graduate program provides robust hands-on experiences starting in the first semester. Students get to work with clients in our Speech, Language and Hearing Clinic, which provides a broad and deep range of services including speech and language evaluations, treatment of pediatric and adult communication disorders, and swallowing disorders.
Students in this 58-credit program can complete their degrees in as little as two years with full-time study, including taking summer courses. With access to dedicated faculty and an ambitious cohort, students in the Iona CSD program enjoy every professional advantage for launching rich and rewarding careers.
Program Highlights & Curriculum
The MA in Communication Sciences and Disorders program at Iona is grounded in ethics and inclusivity, with a curriculum built on the knowledge and skills necessary to practice speech-language pathology in an effective, ethical, inclusive manner. Students in the master’s program participate in hands-on clinical practicums and internships in professional settings.
As part of the New York-Presbyterian Iona School of Health Sciences, those studying communication sciences and disorders will develop the skills and experience needed to join the workforce upon graduation. Iona students may have the opportunity to participate in clinicals and rotations at facilities in the New York-Presbyterian network, which was ranked one of the top hospital systems in the nation by U.S. News & World Report for 2025-2026.
For master’s students, the completion of one additional course can lead to an
Advanced Certificate in Clinical Communication
. After graduation, students may also apply for their Teacher of Students with Speech and Language Disabilities (TSSLD) initial certificate through the ASHA pathway.
Students in the communication sciences and disorders program are also eligible for the
Interdisciplinary Advanced Certificate in Working with Young Deaf and Hard of Hearing Children and their Families (IACD)
. The IACD program is tuition free, so long as participants commit to working with deaf and hard of hearing children for one year upon completion of their certification.
Career Opportunities in Communication Sciences
A master’s in communication sciences and disorders sets graduates up for fulfilling careers in patient care. Graduates of the MA program typically choose to become licensed as speech-language pathologists (SLPs). According to the
Bureau of Labor Statistics
(BLS), the demand for SLPs is expected to grow by 18% between 2023 and 2033, which is much faster than the average for all professions and represents more than 33,000 new jobs.
New York has some of the highest employment levels for SLPs. Around 40% of SLPs work in state, local, and private educational settings, such as schools, while an additional 24% work in healthcare provider offices and another 15% work in hospitals.
The Iona master's in communication sciences and disorders program boasts a 100% job placement rate, which means that those who complete the program typically find a job in the field within just one year of graduation.
Contact Us
Cameron Deshnad
Assistant Director of Graduate Admissions
(914) 633-2529
(914) 633-2529
cdeshnad@iona.edu
CSD Graduate Program Handbook
Clinic Handbook: Off-site Rotation
Clinic Handbook: On-Site Rotation
Iona's Tuition-Free IACD Certificate
Learn how you can become trained to provide high-quality early childhood speech/language and education services to deaf/hard of hearing children and their families in this
tuition-free
program. As a CSD graduate student, you are also eligible to take courses in the Interdisciplinary Advanced Certificate in Working with Young Deaf and Hard of Hearing Children (IACD).
Learn More: IACD
Quick Facts
Tuition and Financial Aid
We encourage you to utilize our
Graduate Tuition Estimator
to get an estimate of potential tuition costs after scholarships have been applied, based on current rates.
Explore
scholarships and awards for graduate students here
and
contact Student Financial Services
to learn more.
Graduate Tuition Estimator
What to Expect
Gain clinical experiences in your first semester
Treat patients in Iona's own Speech, Language and Hearing Clinic
Receive advising and mentorship from engaged faculty
Opportunity to do clinicals and rotations within the NewYork-Presbyterian network
Contact Your Admissions Counselor
Degree Outcomes
Titles held by Iona graduates include:
Speech-Language Pathologist
Audiologist
Speech Therapist
Hearing Specialist
Careers & Outcomes
Student Testimonials / Alumni Success
Iona gave me a strong academic foundation and…the skills I now use every day to grow an inclusive practice. The emphasis on service and community shaped my commitment to culturally and linguistically responsive care.
- Jaridy Fabré ’17MA, founder and CEO of Somos Bilingües
Read More About Jaridy
The guidance and expertise of Iona’s esteemed professors not only enriched academic pursuits but also cultivated critical thinking and professional growth among myself and my peers.
-Bridget Graham '24MA, Communication Sciences and Disorders
Read more about Bridget
Admission Requirements
A speech-language pathology degree from an undergraduate program is not strictly required for admission to the MA program. Applicants are most successful when they have a bachelor's degree with a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 and a prerequisite GPA of 3.3, with no prerequisite courses below a C.
For those who have not completed undergraduate degrees in speech-language pathology, successful completion of prerequisite courses is required by the end of the summer prior to enrollment in the graduate program. If all prerequisites are not complete at time of admission, applicants will receive a conditional admittance until all prerequisite courses are complete.
Applicants who are not Iona students must complete an application through the
Centralized Application Service for Communication Science and Disorders Program (CSDCAS)
before the application deadline. The Council of Academic Programs in Communication Sciences and Disorders has created a central CSDCAS application for applicants, which includes:
Official transcripts from all previous institutions attended
Three (3) letters of recommendation (academic and professional references are accepted)
Brief essay and video components
25 observation hours
Current Iona students and alumni do not complete an application through CSDCAS. Instead, Iona master’s applicants should take the following steps:
Apply through Iona’s graduate application portal
Provide a letter of recommendation from a professional or academic reference not affiliated with the Speech-Language Pathology department
Provide a resume that outlines your educational background, relevant experience, and any pertinent skills that will contribute to your success in the program
Provide a link to a brief, two-minute YouTube video in which you address the following question: "What unique contributions can you bring to Iona's graduate program in Communication Sciences and Disorders?"
Allow the Graduate Admissions office to request your Iona transcript from the Registrar
Faculty Expertise / Unique Courses
Students in the master's in communication sciences and disorders program work alongside
faculty
many of whom are practicing therapists with extensive backgrounds in both academic pursuits and client care. The purpose of the CSD degree program is to provide aspiring professionals with a firm understanding of the normal processes of speech, language, and hearing and train them to diagnose and treat the full range of communicative disorders in all age groups.
Unique courses that make up the foundation of the MA degree include:
Clinical Communication
Augmentative and Alternative Communication
Social Communication Development and Disorders
These courses are offered alongside clinical practicum opportunities in a variety of clinical settings, including schools, hospitals, clinics, special treatment centers, and private practices.
Explore Courses
Notably, the Iona master’s in communication sciences and disorders program gives students access to hands-on clinical experiences starting in their very first semester. This unique clinical practicum is an exciting opportunity that provides both clinical skill practice and motivation for all aspects of the program.
The communication sciences and disorders graduate program is also part of the Iona
Office of Interprofessional Education (IPE)
, where students can collaborate with those in other programs, including:
Education
Marriage & Family Therapy
Mental Health Counseling
Nursing
Occupational Therapy
School Psychology
Social Work
IPE allows master’s students to practice collaboration and learn critical skills from a variety of professional perspectives.
Research Opportunities
As part of the master’s program, students participate in hands-on clinical practicums and internships in professional settings. Master’s students also work alongside faculty assisting with academic research in the communication sciences field.
FAQs
What clinical training opportunities does the program offer?
Master's in communication sciences and disorders students are required to complete a clinical practicum each semester of their program. Each practicum builds on the experience of the previous semester, beginning with clinical observation and carrying through to offsite practicum experiences in hospitals, schools, and other clinical settings.
What types of externships are available in the program?
Students in the Iona University CSD graduate program complete externships in a variety of settings, including schools, early childhood programs, medical and rehabilitation centers, and private practices. School-based placements are especially robust, with strong regional partnerships that provide high availability. These experiences allow students to gain meaningful clinical hours while meeting the requirements for New York State certification, including the Teacher of Students with Speech and Language Disabilities (TSSLD) credential.
What are the admission requirements for the MA in Communication Sciences & Disorders?
Applicants to the MA in Communication Sciences and Disorders program must have completed, or be on track to complete, an undergraduate degree before becoming eligible for the MA program. A bachelor’s degree in speech-language pathology is the most common path, but applicants with other undergraduate degrees are eligible to apply as long as they have completed the following prerequisite courses:
Introduction to Communication Disorders
Normal Acquisition of Speech and Language
Anatomy and Physiology of the Speech Mechanism
Speech and Hearing Science
Clinical Phonetics
Audiology
Biological Sciences
Physical Sciences
Social Sciences
Statistics
What career paths can I pursue with this communication sciences masters?
Graduates of the MA in Communication Sciences and Disorders program are eligible to become licensed speech-language pathologists. Graduates are ready to begin their clinical fellowship year in speech-language pathology.
Where are the Communication Sciences Facilities located?
Courses for the MA in Communication Sciences and Disorders program are offered at the Iona campus in Bronxville, N.Y. Many faculty members have offices and teach in Sieker Hall, which is located next to the Feth Administration Hall on White Plains Road. The
Bronxville Campus
is a 20-minute walk from the Bronxville MTA station on the Metro-North Harlem Line and the
Gael Express
runs between campuses throughout the day.
The Iona University Speech, Language and Hearing Clinic is located on 83 Clove Road on the New Rochelle campus. The clinic is just a 15-minute drive from the Bronxville campus.
Can I pursue this program part-time or online?
The MA in Communication Sciences and Disorders program cannot be completed on a part-time schedule. Courses for this MA program are not offered online.
Does the program offer any financial aid or scholarships?
Scholarships for all Iona graduate programs are available based on the applicant’s cumulative GPA from their undergraduate degree-granting institution or employment affiliation. Iona partners with many companies, schools, hospitals, and professional organizations to provide special scholarships for employees and members. Iona graduate students may apply for other types of financial aid by filling out the FAFSA.
Accreditation Information
The Master of Arts (MA) education program in Speech-Language Pathology residential at Iona University is accredited by the Council on Academic Accreditation in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology (CAA) of the
American Speech-Language-Hearing Association
, 2200 Research Boulevard #310, Rockville, Maryland 20850, (800) 498-2071 or (301) 296-5700.
Any questions or complaints regarding the program's accreditation status or compliance with accreditation standards may be directed to the
Council on Academic Accreditation in Audiology and Speech-Language Pathology (CAA)
.
Explore Related Programs
View All Programs
Master’s Degree in Occupational Therapy
Clinical Communication Advanced Certificate
School Psychology (MA degree)
Find Out what an Iona Education Can Do For You
Visit Campus
Our scenic campuses, located just 20 miles from midtown Manhattan, truly do offer the
best of both worlds.
Let us show you around, answer your questions and give you a feel of our tight-knit community.
Visit Campus
Apply Today
If you're considering applying to Iona, you're not alone! Since 2019, our
new-student enrollment is up nearly 40%
. Graduate students automatically qualify for consideration of
merit scholarships
during their graduate programs. Start your application today.
Apply
Request More Information
Learn more about Iona University today!
Request Info