URL: https://www.iona.edu/admissions-financial-aid/roadmap-accepted-students
TITLE: Roadmap for Accepted Students | Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
Roadmap for Accepted Students
Welcome to Iona University!
Ready, Set, Go!
To help you through your registration journey, we have compiled a roadmap of steps for you to take.
You'll get connected to our technology systems, register for orientation, plan your housing and more!
Now, let's go!
I had the opportunity to film a March Madness game live in front of 14,000 people and perform with the Iona Singers at Radio City Music Hall. These are once-in-a-lifetime opportunities that Iona has made possible for me.
- Ryan Murphy ’25, Media & Strategic Communication Major
Read More about Ryan
Choose Your Path
Whether you’re a first-year students or transferring to Iona, we are here to welcome and support you along the way!
Follow the appropriate Roadmap to get started with technology, create your first class schedule and much more.
Roadmap for First-Year Students
We’re here to guide you along the way.
Follow these steps to create your email account, register for Orientation, complete your housing application and much more!
Roadmap for First-Year Students
Roadmap for Honors Program Students
Register for Honors Courses.
Students in the Honors Program need to include specific courses in their first semester schedule.
Learn about how to register, what courses are recommended and more.
Honors Program Registration
Roadmap for Transfer Students
Your journey continues at Iona.
Welcome to Iona! Transfer students follow a similar path as first-year students.
If you have questions at any point, our team is here to help and support you.
Roadmap for Transfer Students
Become a Gael: Submit Your Deposit Today!
There's never been a better time to become a Gael!
Since 2019, our
new-student enrollment is up nearly 40%
.
Submit your deposit and secure your spot today!
Make Your Deposit
Additional Resources
Resources for Admitted Students
Take advantage of all that Iona has to offer! Explore student life at Iona and find helpful links for mentorship opportunities, student activities and much more.
Resources for Parents & Families
Learn about Homecoming Weekend, find out about important dates and access other helpful resources to keep you and your student informed.
Students Find Success at Iona
15:1
student-to-faculty ratio
#1
best in the nation for student experience among Catholic Colleges (The Wall Street Journal)
99%
of first-year students receive institutional scholarships or financial grant aid
Schedule a Visit
The Iona community welcomes you to visit our beautiful campuses in New Rochelle and Bronxville!
Whether you want to meet one-on-one with an admissions counselor or even shadow a student for the day, we offer a variety of ways to explore all that Iona has to offer.
Freshman Campus Visits & Tours
Transfer Campus Visits & Tours
Frequently Asked Questions
What do I need to know about Orientation?
The first thing you need to know about Orientation is that it is a fun-filled and exciting time! You’ll meet your future lifelong friends, get better acquainted with staff, explore campus life further and more. For dates, details and registration links,
please visit the Orientation page
.
When is move-in day?
First-year students have their own move-in day towards the end of August. It’s an exciting day as the campus comes together to welcome our newest Gaels and literally help get everyone moved in and settled. Even our championship basketball players get involved!
Visit here for important dates from Residential Life.
Does Iona offer transportation between the New Rochelle and Bronxville campuses?
Absolutely!
Iona’s Gael Express
runs throughout the week. In addition to traveling between campuses, the shuttle also makes stops between the New Rochelle campus and the Metro North train station. This makes it easy to take the train into the city and for commuter students to get to campus.
How do I create my course schedule?
Our Advising Center
is here to help! You’ll meet with one of Iona’s supportive advisors to create your schedule. They’ll help to ensure you are fulfilling core requirements and exploring the areas of study that interest you most.
What housing options do first-year students have?
First-year students have a variety of
housing options
, and many choose to make East Hall their home. Centrally located on campus overlooking Murphy Green and steps away from the dining hall, East Hall is an ideal place to start your life at Iona.
Are there clubs I can join as a first-year student?
Iona has over 100 clubs, organizations and club sports
, and we encourage all students to get involved as soon as possible. Whether you are a budding thespian, interested in Greek life or want to become part of a dance troupe, you’ll find a number of ways to get involved and make the most of your college years.
Shop the Iona Campus Store
Whether you are looking for books, school supplies or the latest Iona gear, the Iona Campus Store is the place for you!
Iona Campus Store
Contact Us
Office of the Registrar
McSpedon Hall, Second Floor
(914) 633-2497
registrar@iona.edu
Student Financial Services
McSpedon Hall, Second Floor
(914) 633-2497
sfs@iona.edu
Office of Residential Life
Robert V. LaPenta Student Union, Second Floor
(914) 633-2336
ResidentialLife@iona.edu
Freshman Admissions
McSpedon Hall, First Floor
(914) 633-2502
admissions@iona.edu