URL: https://www.iona.edu/admissions-financial-aid/freshman-admissions
TITLE: Undergraduate Freshman Admissions | Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
Undergraduate Freshman Admissions
Begin Your College Journey at Iona
Discover Iona University—where you’re encouraged to learn outside the lines from day one. Our freshman admissions information helps first-year students like you navigate the application process and prepare for a successful start to college.
Excited to become a Gael? Review our undergraduate admissions process and the next step to join Iona’s thriving student community.
Learn How to Apply to Iona
Apply today
How Iona Sets You Up for Success
35+ majors and 45+ minors
that empower you to pursue your goals and shape your future.
99% of students receive scholarships or financial aid, making an Iona education more accessible and affordable.
Located just outside New York City, Iona offers unmatched access to internships, culture and career opportunities.
Our 16:1 student-faculty ratio means small classes and more personalized attention from faculty and staff who are invested in your growth.
100+ clubs and organizations
help you find your people, get involved and make campus feel like home.
IONA STUDENTS ARE CAREER READY
Iona graduates don’t just enter the workforce—they lead it. By blending experiential learning with a culture of innovation, an Iona education prepares you to seize the moment and excel.
How Do I Apply to Iona as a Freshman?
Ready to apply? Review our streamlined admissions process to plan out your next steps.
Step 1:
Check Application Deadlines
Each year, the Common Application opens on August 1. Depending on your preferred admissions deadline, all required materials must be submitted by the specified date.
Early Decision (binding)
: December 1, 2025
Early Action
I/Health Sciences Priority (non-binding)
: December 15, 2025
Early Action
II (non-binding)
: January 15, 2026
Regular Decision
: February 15, 2026
Deposit Deadline
: May 1, 2026
Step 2:
Review Our Freshman Admission Requirements
We are proud to be
test-optional
. That means you are not required to submit SAT or ACT scores, as it will not impact your admissions decision.
Instead, our admissions team reviews your GPA, transcripts, letter of recommendation and other application materials to gauge your academic readiness.
Step 3:
Complete Our Online Application
We keep the admissions process simple by using the
Common Application
. First, create an account with Common App. Please read the directions carefully and complete all required fields on your application.
Additionally, to waive the $50 application fee, use the code
Iona30
on the Common App.
Step 4:
Submit Your Transcripts and Letter of Recommendation
Along with the online application, you must also submit:
Your high school transcripts:
Request your high school to send an official copy of your transcripts directly to our Admissions team:
Office of Admissions
Iona University
715 North Avenue
New Rochelle, NY 10801
One letter of recommendation:
We’d love to hear from someone who knows you well — a teacher, counselor or mentor. A thoughtful recommendation helps us learn more about your interests, leadership qualities, character and the contributions you’ll bring to our community.
Step 5:
Schedule an Optional Admissions Interview
You can also schedule an optional admissions interview with an admissions counselor. This one-on-one interview allows you to highlight your accomplishments, start building valuable connections and ask essential questions about what your time at Iona may be like.
Schedule an Interview
Tuition and Financial Aid
At Iona, we’re dedicated to providing a high-value, accessible education. In fact,
99 percent of first-year students receive financial aid
—including merit and athletic scholarships, grants and federal or private loans—helping lower the up-front cost of your degree and bringing your goals within reach.
And while figuring out how to pay for college can feel overwhelming, Iona’s
Student Financial Services
team is here to help. We’ll walk you through scholarships, financial aid applications and all the options available to make your education more affordable.
Cost & Aid
Applying for Aid
Experience Life as a Gael—Visit Iona
Just 20 miles from New York City, Iona’s New Rochelle and Bronxville campuses offer the best of both worlds. Join a campus tour—offered seven days a week—to explore residence halls, student spaces and life as a Gael.
If you don’t live near Iona or prefer to connect from home, you can also join virtual tours and information sessions to learn more about our undergraduate student experience, from academics to campus life and everything in between.
Register for a visit to Iona University
Meet Our Admissions Counselors
Have questions about the freshman admission process at Iona? Our team of counselors is here to guide you through the application process and empower you to make financial aid decisions and choose your course of study.
Connect with your counselor
As soon as I visited campus, I thought, ‘This is the place for me.’ Iona felt like home from day one.
Nate Wales '26, '27MBA, media & strategic communications major
Read more about Nate
Special Academic Programs
Whether you need additional academic support as you transition from high school to a college classroom or wish to challenge yourself and further explore your intellectual interests, Iona offers a variety of special academic programs to enhance your educational experience.
Explore Our Special Academic Programs
Contact Iona Admissions
We are dedicated to helping first-year students begin their college education with a strong start. From financial aid assistance to rigorous academic opportunities and programs, Iona freshmen receive the personalized attention they deserve, setting them up for success.
Request more information
to help plan your first year at Iona, or contact Admissions at:
(800) 231-IONA
(914) 633-2502
admissions@iona.edu
Additional Resources
Test Optional Admissions
At Iona, you are more than just a number, and we are committed to every individual student’s success. Our Admissions team will review your application holistically, considering your high school transcript, recommendation letters from teachers and counselors, and your overall record of achievement.
New Student Checklist
Congratulations on your acceptance to Iona University! Follow these steps to obtain your Iona credentials, register for orientation, complete your housing application and more.
Admitted Students Resources
Everything you need for a smooth transition into Gael Nation, all in one place.
Resources for Parents and Guardians of Admitted Students
Whether you’re the parent of a new or returning student, you’ll find everything you need to plan a visit, explore your child’s housing and dining options, understand your financial aid package and much more.
Find Out What an Iona Education Can do For You
Visit Campus
Our scenic campuses, located just 20 miles from midtown Manhattan, truly do offer the
best of both worlds.
Let us show you around, answer your questions and give you a feel of our tight-knit community.
Visit Campus
Apply Today
If you're considering applying to Iona, you're not alone! Since 2019, our
new-student enrollment is up nearly 40%
. Additionally, 99% of our first-year students receive institutional scholarships or grant aid.
Apply
Request More Information
Learn more about Iona University today!
Request Info