URL: https://www.iona.edu/admissions-financial-aid/international-admissions/how-apply
TITLE: International Students: How to Apply | Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
How to Apply
Once you have decided you want to study at Iona, you will need to apply!
As an international applicant, there are specific steps you need to take to ensure you submit a complete application. Whether you are an undergraduate or graduate applicant, there are different requirements you need to be aware of!
Application requirements are based on level and programs:
Undergraduate
In order to apply to Iona University as an international student, you must be sure that you are eligible for this distinction.
If you hold a U.S. passport (including dual citizenship), are a Permanent Resident of the U.S. or have applied for a Green Card to live in the U.S., please do not attempt to apply for acceptance as an international student. Please continue as a domestic applicant.
To apply for admittance to an undergraduate program as an international student you must submit the following application materials: (copies of transcripts can be used for application review but I-20s will not be issued until original documents have been received):
Completed online application
High school transcript, translated into English
Click here for transcript instructions
Evaluation of International credentials
SAT or ACT scores
Proof of English language proficiency. These scores can be submitted in place of SAT or ACT. TOEFL, IELTS or Duolingo are accepted.
TOEFL: iBT 80, 550 PBT, 213 CBT
IELTS score of 6.5 or greater
Duolingo English Test score of 110 or greater
External examination results or leaving certificate appropriate to your country, such as "A-levels," CXC's, Baccalaureate or Abitur
Application for I-20
Evaluation of international college transcript performed by one of the evaluation services recognized by NACES. Applicable only to international transfer students.
International Transcript Evaluations
International students applying to Iona University are asked to
submit a transcript evaluation through SpanTran
. Please request the “course-by-course evaluation” option.
You are not required to submit a transcript evaluation if you already hold an associate degree from a US institution.
SpanTran Evaluation Request
Application Deadlines
Early Decision (binding)
: December 1
Early Action I (non-binding)
: December 15
Health Sciences Priority Deadline:
December 15
Early Action II:
January 15
Regular Decision
: February 15
Graduate - Business
In order to apply for graduate admittance to a School of Business program, you must submit the following materials:
Completed online application
Undergraduate/graduate transcripts
Evaluation of international credentials performed by one of the evaluation services recognized by NACES
Proof of Language Proficiency: TOEFL or IELTS
TOEFL: iBT 80, 550 PBT, 213 CBT
IELTS score of 6.5 or greater
Duolingo English Test score of 110 or greater
One professional recommendation letter
The ETS institutional code for Iona University is 2324.
Graduate - Arts & Science
In order to apply for graduate admittance to a School of Arts & Science program, you must submit the following materials:
Completed online application
Undergraduate/graduate transcripts
Evaluation of international credentials performed by one of the evaluation services recognized by NACES
Proof of Language Proficiency: TOEFL, IELTS or PTE
TOEFL: iBT 80, 550 PBT, 213 CBT
IELTS score of 6.5 or greater
PTE score 53 or greater
Duolingo English Test score of 110 or greater
Two professional recommendation letters
The ETS institutional code for Iona University is 2324.
Once you have made your tuition deposit, you can receive an I-20 as early as two weeks after our receipt of your completed I-20 application. To expedite the process and avoid delays, please be certain to submit your application for an I-20 and all supporting documents together.
More on the I-20
Contact International Admissions
(800) 231-IONA
(914) 633-2502
All Undergraduate Programs
admissions@iona.edu
Graduate Programs
LaPenta School of Business Programs
lapentagrad@iona.edu
NewYork-Presbyterian Iona School of Nursing & Health Sciences Programs
dgallagher@iona.edu
School of Arts & Science Programs
gradadmissions@iona.edu