URL: https://www.iona.edu/admissions-financial-aid/cost-financial-aid
TITLE: Cost & Financial Aid | Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
Cost & Financial Aid
Cost of Attendance
How to Apply for Aid
Types of Aid
At Iona University, we understand that your college education is a major investment, and making these financial decisions can be daunting. That’s why we are here to help you and your family navigate the cost of attendance and understand your financial aid options to make the best decision for your future.
Cost of Attendance
Your cost of attendance is an estimate of educational related expenses that you will incur while pursuing your program of study. Your financial aid award offer reduces the total costs. In addition to tuition and fees, the cost of attendance includes other expenses such as food and living expenses, transportation, books, course materials, supplies and equipment, and federal loan fees.
More on cost of attendance
Net Price Calculator
Estimate the total cost of attending Iona University — including the government aid and Iona University scholarships and grants you may receive — using the Net Price Calculator. All you have to do is answer a few basic questions, and you’ll discover what types of federal student aid for which you may be eligible.
Net Price Calculator
Tuition & Fees
Iona tuition is determined by numerous factors — whether you are enrolling in an undergraduate or graduate program, as a full- or part-time student or living on campus or commuting.
Undergraduate Tuition
For full-time students,
undergraduate tuition
at Iona is $46,480. Part-time undergraduate students pay $1,520 per credit with an additional program fee, determined by the number of credits a student takes. The cost of tuition does not include fees like audit charges, stop payment fees, CAP program fees, tuition insurance or clinical supervision. These fees, along with others, are added based on the student.
Full-Time Undergraduate Estimated Cost of Attendance: 2026-2027
Type
Resident Cost
Off-Campus Cost
Commuter Cost
Tuition Charges*
$47,960
$47,960
$47,960
Fees**
$2,210
$2,210
$2,210
Books, Materials, Supplies & Equipment
$1,000
$1,000
$1,000
Living Expenses
$19,996
$19,996
$3,000
Transportation
$600
$600
$1,100
Personal
$1,250
$1,250
$1,250
Total
$73,016
$73,016
$56,520
*Full-time enrollment is based on 12-18 credits per term. Students will incur additional per-credit tuition charges above 18 credits.
**Nursing students are also charged a Nursing Program Fee of $1,150 per fall and spring semesters during the junior and senior years of study.
***Resident living expenses may vary depending on the length of enrollment at Iona.
Graduate Tuition
Iona’s
graduate tuition
varies depending on the graduate program. Students pursuing a graduate degree in the
LaPenta School of Business
pay $1,390 per credit, while those enrolling in the
School of Arts & Science
pay $1,215 - $1,335 per credit. Students enrolled in the
NewYork-Presbyterian Iona School of Nursing & Health Sciences
pay $1,075 - $1,415 per credit. Additional fees and charges will also depend on the program in which a student is enrolled.
View Graduate Tuition
Financial Aid
You don’t have to figure out financial aid alone. Iona’s
Student Financial Services
is committed to helping you find the financial aid options that best suit your needs.
All domestic Iona students applying for financial aid must complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA), using Iona’s school code:
002737
.
Explore our
Financial Aid FAQs
to learn more about FAFSA paperwork, scholarship eligibility, the loan application process and other important financial aid information.
Complete Your FAFSA On Time
To qualify for financial aid, a student’s FAFSA must be filed by the following deadlines.
FAFSA Deadlines
Student Status
Deadline
Incoming Freshmen
April 15, prior to the fall term in which you will initially enroll, for priority consideration
Incoming Transfer Students
Within 30 days from the date of admittance to the University
Incoming Graduate Students
Within 30 days from the date of admittance to the University
Returning Iona Students
April 15, prior to the start of the upcoming fall term
How to Apply for Financial Aid
First-Time Undergraduate
First-Time Undergraduate Students
To be considered for financial aid, incoming freshmen must complete the following steps.
Step 1: Apply to Iona University
When applying to Iona, all new undergraduate applicants are automatically considered for merit-based aid based on their academic records. Incoming undergraduate students are eligible for the Iona Merit, Heritage, Gael and President’s Scholarships, which currently range from $23,000 to $27,500 per year.
More on scholarships
Step 2: Complete the FAFSA
The FAFSA is a federal form that determines your eligibility for federal grants and loans. Complete your FAFSA using Iona’s school code 002737 by April 15. Within four weeks of completing the FAFSA, New York State residents will receive a notification to fill out a Tuition Assistance Program (TAP) application to determine eligibility for state tuition assistance programs.
FAFSA FAQs
Step 3: Review Your FAFSA Submission Summary and Award Offer Letter
Within a few weeks of submitting your FAFSA, you’ll receive your FAFSA Submission Summary (FSS), which will tell you if you need to take any additional action. Iona will use your FSS to determine your financial aid eligibility and send you an award offer notification letter.
Once you’ve received and reviewed your materials, it is in your best interest to respond quickly, notifying Iona that you accept all, part or none of the financial aid offered.
More about applying for aid
Transfer Students
Transfer Students
To be considered for financial aid, undergraduate transfer students should complete the following steps.
Step 1: Apply to Iona University
All new undergraduate applicants are automatically considered for merit-based aid based on their academic records. Incoming transfer students are eligible for the Transfer and Iona Celtic Scholarships, which range from $10,000 to $18,000 per year.
More on scholarships
Step 2: Complete the FAFSA
The FAFSA is a federal form determining your federal grants and loan eligibility. Complete your FAFSA using Iona’s school code 002737 within four weeks of receiving your admission to Iona. New York State residents who complete their FAFSA will receive a notification to fill out a Tuition Assistance Program (TAP) application within four weeks to determine eligibility for state tuition assistance programs.
FAFSA FAQs
Step 3: Review Your FAFSA Submission Summary and Award Offer Letter
Within a few weeks of submitting your FAFSA, you’ll receive your FAFSA Submission Summary (FSS), which will tell you if you need to take any additional action. Iona will use your FSS to determine your financial aid eligibility and send you an award offer notification letter.
Upon receiving this letter, it is your responsibility to respond promptly and accept all, part or none of the financial aid offered.
More on applying for aid
Graduate Students
Graduate Students
To be considered for financial aid, graduate students should complete the following steps.
Step 1: Apply to Iona University
As a part of Iona’s admissions process, all new graduate applicants are automatically considered for graduate scholarships based on their academic records, employment status and other factors.
More on scholarships
Step 2: Complete the FAFSA
The FAFSA is a federal form determining your federal grants and loan eligibility. Complete your FAFSA using Iona’s school code 002737 within four weeks of receiving your admission to Iona.
FAFSA FAQs
Step 3: Review Your FAFSA Submission Summary and Award Offer Letter
Within a few weeks of submitting your FAFSA, you’ll receive your FAFSA Submission Summary (FSS), which will tell you if you need to take any additional action. Iona will use your FSS to determine your financial aid eligibility and send you an award offer notification letter.
When you receive your award letter, it is your responsibility to respond promptly and accept all, part or none of the financial aid offered.
More on applying for financial aid
Types of Financial Aid
At Iona University, we pride ourselves on making a college education accessible and affordable. To ensure you receive the support you need, we provide a unique range of financial aid packages, personalized to your situation. Learn more about available
types of aid
.
Scholarships and Grants
Iona proudly offers a variety of financial awards based on student achievement and financial needs. All undergraduate and graduate applicants are automatically considered for merit-based awards.
Scholarships are financial awards based on student achievement and financial need. Grants are awards based on financial need and are awarded by Iona and the state and federal government. Scholarships and grants do not need to be repaid.
Iona students are eligible for:
Iona University Awards
Federal Grants and Tax Benefits
New York State Grants and Scholarships
Private Scholarships
More on Iona’s scholarships and grants
Loans
Two main types of student loans are available: federal and private. The FAFSA determines your eligibility for federal loans. Your aid package may include both subsidized and unsubsidized federal loans. Subsidized loans have a portion of the interest paid by the government.
At Iona, we strongly recommend students borrow the maximum in Federal Direct Loans before considering an alternative (private) student loan. Federal Direct loans tend to be less expensive with fixed interest rates and provide more options for repayment.
More on loans
Student Employment
Iona offers students opportunities to work on campus as a way to help pay for their college education.
Three types of student employment options are available:
Federal Work-Study: jobs for students who qualify for the federally sponsored program
On-Campus Employment: part-time opportunities for students who don’t qualify for Federal Work-Study
Graduate Assistantships: up to 20 hours per week with opportunities varying by the academic department
More on student employment
The alumni, faculty, staff and students all form a uniquely supportive community unlike anything I have ever experienced. I’m grateful for the opportunity to achieve academic success and experience all that this wonderful University has to offer.
Nicholas Stroby ’24, DeFeo Family Endowed Scholarship Recipient
99%
of first-year students receive scholarship aid
99%
of full-time undergraduates with financial need received financial aid in 2022-23
$55+
million awarded in scholarships and grants for 2022-23
Contact Student Financial Services
Iona’s Student Financial Services staff is here to help you and your family navigate the financing of your college education.
(914) 633-2497
sfs@iona.edu
Request Information
To keep learning about Iona’s tuition and fees, financial aid offerings and more,
request information
.
Find Out What an Iona Education Can do For You
Visit Campus
Our scenic campuses, located just 20 miles from midtown Manhattan, truly do offer the
best of both worlds.
Let us show you around, answer your questions and give you a feel of our tight-knit community.
Visit Campus
Apply Today
If you're considering applying to Iona, you're not alone! Since 2019, our
new-student enrollment is up nearly 40%
. Additionally, 99% of our first-year students receive institutional scholarships or grant aid.
Apply
Request More Information
Learn more about Iona University today!
Request Info