URL: https://www.iona.edu/admissions-financial-aid/transfer-admissions
TITLE: Transfer Admissions | Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
Transfer Admissions
Finish Your Degree at a University That Feels Like Home.
Students looking for challenging academics, a focus on real-world experience and a commitment to meaningful service have found a home at Iona University.
Whether you are transferring from a community college or another university, we understand transferring can be time-consuming and stressful. To ensure you have a smooth transfer process, we provide an admissions decision in 1-2 weeks.
Wondering why transferring to Iona is your best choice?
Transfer up to 90 credits
and, if eligible, enter with junior status.
Finish your degree quickly, save money and begin your post-graduate career.
With a 15:1 student-to-faculty ratio, you’ll receive personalized attention to support your educational and professional growth.
Special Academic Opportunities
Learn more about Iona's honors programs, scholarships for STEM students and more!
Transferring to Iona: Admission Requirements
We are committed to providing transfer students with a seamless application process. Transfer applicants must submit the following application materials:
Application (either the Common App or the Iona Transfer Application)
Transcripts from your previous college/university
High school transcripts or equivalent GED report (if transferring with less than 24 college credits)
Iona accepts transfer students on a rolling basis, so there is no official deadline. It is in your best interest to submit all required application materials promptly to receive your admissions decision and financial aid package.
How to Apply
Request Info
International Transfer Students
At Iona, we are excited to welcome students from all over the world to become a part of our student body and join in the Gael spirit. In addition to the Common App or Iona Transfer Application, international transfer students must submit:
Proof of English language proficiency. These scores can be submitted in place of SAT or ACT.
TOEFL, IELTS or Duolingo
External Examination Results.
Credit evaluation by the
National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES)
.
Transferring Credits to Iona
Incoming students can transfer up to 90 credits — including up to 64 credits from an accredited community or junior college. Transfer students with an associate degree may be eligible to most of their core courses waived and enter immediately with junior status.
Transfer Partnership Agreements
Students looking to transfer to Iona University should review the
existing transfer partnerships agreements
to see what New York, international and graduate institutions have a partnership with Iona.
Financial Aid
Iona strives to make education affordable for everyone. One-hundred percent of Iona transfer students receive
scholarships, grants and other types of financial aid.
We proudly offer the Transfer and Iona Celtic Scholarship to transfer students with a record of outstanding academic achievement, ranging from $13,000 to $19,000.
Apply for Aid
Meet Your Dedicated Transfer Counselor
You don’t have to go through the transfer process alone - our dedicated transfer admissions counselor, Victoria Porter, is here to help. Victoria can answer your questions, provide vital resources and guide you through the admissions process as you transition to Iona.
Office:
McSpedon Hall
Phone:
(914) 633-2679
Email:
vporter@iona.edu
Take the Next Steps to Become a Gael
Accepted transfer students: welcome to Iona! You are on your way to becoming a Gael and joining our vibrant and diverse community of students and faculty. The
Roadmap for Accepted Students
gives you a step-by-step guide to registering for orientation, on-campus living and enrolling in courses.
See For Yourself
Explore Iona’s historic campuses in
New Rochelle
and
Bronxville
by attending a tour to visit our academic spaces, residential halls and co-curricular halls to see where you’ll be studying, living and enjoying your free time.
If you’re looking to connect with your future classmates while learning about life on campus, join us for one of our many
transfer student events
.
Contact Admissions
If you have questions about the transfer process, reach out to Iona’s admissions:
(800) 231-IONA
(914) 633-2502
Email us at admissions@iona.edu
Find Out What an Iona Education Can Do For You
Visit Campus
Our scenic campuses, located just 20 miles from midtown Manhattan, truly do offer the
best of both worlds.
Let us show you around, answer your questions and give you a feel of our tight-knit community.
Visit Campus
Apply Today
If you're considering applying to Iona, you're not alone! Since 2019, our
new-student enrollment is up nearly 40%
. Additionally, 99% of our first-year students receive institutional scholarships or grant aid.
Apply
Request More Information
Learn more about Iona University today!
Request Info