URL: https://www.iona.edu/admissions-financial-aid/freshman-admissions/special-academic-opportunities
TITLE: Special Academic Opportunities | Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
Special Academic Opportunities
Learn Outside the Lines
Iona University offers valuable opportunities to enhance and enrich your educational experience through special academic programs.
Each program offers distinctive benefits, including opportunities to:
Delve deeply into a subject area of interest;
Participate in original research;
Gain hands-on experience;
Hone a wide-range of skills;
Become part of a community of like-minded peers and faculty; or
Receive academic support to keep you on a path to success.
Honors Program
Grounded in a challenging curriculum, the Honors program offers highly-motivated students the resources and opportunities to develop their talents.
Honors Program
National Science Foundation S-STEM
Through the NSF S-STEM: Iona Development of Excellence in Science through Intervention, Resilience, and Enrichment (DESIRE) Program, Iona offers scholarships to high school students who are planning to complete a major in biochemistry, chemistry or computer science and who demonstrate financial need.
NSF S-STEM: DESIRE Program
National Science Foundation Noyce INSTRUCT Program
Iona’s National Science Foundation (NSF) Noyce INSTRUCT Program offers scholarships to rising juniors and rising seniors (incoming transfer students or current Iona students) who are in the accelerated 4+1 BS/MST or BA/MST programs for future mathematics, biology, or chemistry teachers.
Learn More: Noyce INSTRUCT Program
The Collegiate Science and Technology Entry Program
The Collegiate Science and Technology Entry Program (CSTEP) at Iona University, is an academic enrichment program, designed to provide academic support during the undergraduate years to underrepresented minority or economically disadvantaged students pursuing careers in science, technology, engineering, mathematics (STEM), health-related fields and the licensed professions.
CSTEP
Institute for Thomas Paine Studies
The Institute for Thomas Paine Studies (ITPS) is an expanding interdisciplinary organization that supports the study of early American history. Inspired by the work of Thomas Paine, the ITPS seeks to promote scholarship and learning in traditional and new media formats through our archival fellowship program, events and exhibits, and digital humanities projects. In a rapidly shifting landscape of higher education, the ITPS facilitates the exchange of information across disciplinary, professional, geographic, and chronological boundaries.
Learn More about the ITPS