URL: https://www.iona.edu/admissions-financial-aid/freshman-admissions/admitted-students-resources/new-student-checklist
TITLE: New Student Checklist | Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
New Student Checklist
Becoming a Gael is "Steps" away!
Congratulations on your acceptance to Iona University!
You’ve worked hard to get here, and we look forward to welcoming you on campus.
Please follow the steps below in order. If you run into any issues, there will be links to helpful resources along the way. If you require technology assistance, simply call the Iona University Help Desk at (914) 633-2635. Help Desk hours of operation can be found at
www.iona.edu/helpdesk
.
Enrolling in Classes
Please note that all first-year students must meet with their academic advisor to create their fall class schedule.
Before Orientation
In this phase, you'll make your deposit and set yourself up with the technology we use at Iona. You'll also be able to register for Orientation and more!
Make Your Deposit | May 1
Submit your deposit to reserve your spot in our incoming class today!
Make Your Deposit
Getting Started with Technology
Let's get you connected to all of Iona's technology systems!
By following the steps on the
Getting Connected to Technology
webpage, you will learn about getting connected to all of Iona's technology systems.
If at any point you require technology assistance, simply call the Iona University Help Desk at (914) 633-2635. Help Desk hours of operation can be found at
www.iona.edu/helpdesk
.
Managing Your Student Account
Set up and learn how to manage your "My Student Account" page
to access your student account, eBill, online payment, financial aid and much more.
Register for Orientation
Orientation is for everyone! Orientation is required for all new students to Iona University. Be sure to schedule your Orientation visit!
Register for Orientation
Living On Campus
Residential students please complete your housing application early to learn more about your new home!
Commuter students please feel free to move on to the health section below!
Complete Your Housing Application | June 1 (Suggested Deadline)
All students need to complete a housing application in order to be placed in housing. We recommend completing this application by
June 1.
Housing Application Process
Request Housing Accommodations (Optional) | June 30
If you require housing accommodations, please request them by June 30. Learn more about
Requesting Accommodations here
and
Special Housing Accommodations here
.
Instructions for registering for accommodations:
Log into your Single Sign-on account (
myiona.iona.edu
)
Click
Accommodate
, then
Student
From the left side menu, select
Accommodations
then
Request Accommodations
to complete the registration form.
If you have supporting documentation, such as an IEP, please upload it by selecting
Upload Supporting Documentation
from the homepage.
Explore Housing Options
At Iona, you'll never be more than a short walk from classes, dining options, activities and more!
Explore Housing Options
Commuting To Campus
Commuter students are encouraged to explore these helpful resources!
Commuter Resources
If you are planning to commute, let our
Center for Student Engagement
, Commuter Assistants and
Commuter Student Association
make you feel right at home!
Maps & Directions
Check out our
Maps & Directions page
for information on getting to Iona's New Rochelle and Bronxville campuses.
Gael Express Shuttle
The
Gael Express
is a free Iona University shuttle service that provides transportation for Iona students and employees between campus and the New Rochelle Transportation Center (Metro North train station).
Health Insurance and Forms
The health and wellbeing of our students is our top priority. Please submit the necessary paperwork before you attend Orientation.
Enroll in or Waive Health Insurance | July 1 (Suggested Deadline)
All students are required to have health insurance.
Learn about your options as well as the enrollment and waiver process here.
Submit Health and Immunization Forms | July 1
All incoming students are required to complete mandatory health requirements as you join the Iona community. Health and Immunization Forms are due by July 1.
Student Health Requirements
Orientation
Orientation is a great way to meet future friends, get acquainted with campus, have fun and much more!
Attend Orientation
We look forward to welcoming you on campus!
Orientation is your opportunity to meet your future friends, get comfortable on campus, have fun and so much more!
Please
visit the Orientation page
for more details and FAQs.
Meet With Your Academic Advisor (Optional)
During your Orientation you'll have the opportunity meet with your academic advisor. This will allow you to solidify your class schedule well ahead of the first day of classes!
Create Your Class Schedule
It's time to create your class schedule! Your academic advisor will help set you up for success.
Enrolling in Classes | Opens April 22
Getting You Advised and Enrolled!
First-year students may begin seeing our Academic Advisors on
Tuesday, April 22.
Schedule Your Advising Appointment
All students must meet with a professional advisor to create their fall class schedule.  Students may see
any open advisor
for all majors and specialty programs.
To schedule your appointment you must use the Google chrome browser from a laptop or a MacBook with the latest updates. Chromebooks are not recommended due to compatibility issues. You will also need to install the
One Login
extension on your computer.
Schedule your appointment
Getting Familiar with your Enrollment pages, and How to use PeopleSoft for Academic Information
CLASS RECOMMENDATIONS AND ENROLLING
Apply for Academic Accommodations (Optional)
If you would like to request academic accommodations, please do so by _____. Please visit the Requesting Accommodations for instructions. If you have any questions, please contact the
Accessibility Services Office
at
access@iona.edu
or (914) 633-2366.
Final Steps
You are now a Gael! Review these final steps to make sure you are prepared for your first day!
Pick Up Your Student ID
You can get your student ID at Campus Safety located in the LaPenta Student Union. The process is very quick, and you will use your ID to gain access to the fitness centers, pay for meals and more!
Learn More: Student ID
Apply for a Parking Permit
If you are parking on campus, be sure to apply for a parking permit.
Learn More: Parking Permits
Move-In Dates
Move-in day for first-year students is an exciting time! We reserve the day entirely for you, and members of the Iona community volunteer to help out to make the process smooth! We look forward to seeing you then!
Learn More: Move-In Dates
Books and Course Materials
We've made the process for getting your books seamless and cost-efficient. You won't have to search the Campus Store for books. Instead, we'll have all of your materials ready for you through Follett.
Learn More: Follett Access
Add Emergency Contact Info in PeopleSoft
We highly recommend you add an emergency contact to your PeopleSoft account. This can be a parent, guardian or another trusted individual we can get in touch with in case of an emergency. Please see the instructions below and reach out to the
Help Desk
if you have any questions or run into any issues.
Sign in to
PeopleSoft
Select
Profile
Select
Emergency Contacts
Click on
Add an Emergency Contact
In the box next to
Contact Name
type in the full name of your Emergency Contact.
Select the contact person’s
Relationship
to you from the drop down menu.
If the contact person lives at the same address as you, click the
Same Address as Individual
box located in the
Contact’s Address
section.
If the contact person has a different address, click on
Edit Address
link. Type in the Contact person’s address. Please be sure to include City, State, and Postal. If the contact person lives in an apartment building, please include the apartment number at the end of their street address on the Address 1 line. Click OK.
If the contact person has the same phone number as you, click the
Same Phone as Individual
box located in the
Contact’s Phone
section.
If the contact person has a different phone number, click in the box next to
Phone
in the
Contact’s Phone
section. Type in the contact person’s phone number. Please be sure to include area code. Press the Tab key.
If you would like to include a second phone number for your
Emergency Contact
person, click
Add a Phone Number
. Select the Phone Type (i.e. Cellular, Work) from the drop down list. Click in the Phone Number area and type in the phone number including area code. Press the Tab key.
Click
Save
Get Involved: Events and Student Clubs
From performing arts to club sports, we have over 80 student clubs and organizations for you to get involved in! This is a great way to explore new interests, meet new people and - best of all - have fun!
Student Clubs & Organizations
Performing Arts
Club Sports