URL: https://www.iona.edu/admissions-financial-aid/freshman-admissions/special-academic-opportunities/national-science
TITLE: National Science Foundation S-STEM Program | Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
National Science Foundation S-STEM Program
The S-STEM Program supports talented students in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. This scholarship is funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF) Scholarships in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (S-STEM) Program.
Iona University's NSF S-STEM Program offers scholarships to graduating high school students who are planning to complete a major in biology, biochemistry, chemistry, mathematics, or computer science and who demonstrate academic excellence and financial need. Students awarded the Iona S-STEM Scholarship will receive a combination of scholarships and grants to cover a significant portion of tuition and program fees for four years.
This scholarship funding is available for graduating high school students beginning their freshman year at Iona University in the Fall 2025 semester. For more information, contact Danielle Zalamea, at
dzalamea@iona.edu
or Dr. Sunghee Lee, the Principal Investigator (PI), at
slee@iona.edu
.
NSF S-STEM Program Details
Eligibility Criteria
Students applying for Iona NSF S-STEM Scholars must:
Be a U.S. citizen, permanent resident, or an eligible non-citizen;
Must commit to declaring their major in their freshman year in one of the targeted STEM areas (biology, biochemistry, chemistry, mathematics, or computer science);
Demonstrate academic talent or potential with a minimum high school math and science grade point average of 80 of 100 (At least 3-4 years of Math, including Pre-calculus or Calculus; At least 3 years of Science, preferably in their senior year);
Demonstrate financial need and establish Federal Pell Grant eligibility
as determined by the Office of Student Financial Services at Iona University;
File the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
by the stated deadline.
Scholarship Renewal Criteria
Scholarships of continuing Iona NSF S-STEM Scholars will be eligible for renewal each year provided that the scholars:
Maintain financial eligibility and their major status in one of the targeted STEM areas
Have a cumulative GPA of no less than 3.0
Participate in NSF S-STEM Scholar cohort activities
File the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
annually by the stated deadline
The determination of continuing eligibility will be made each year at the conclusion of the spring semester.
Apply to Iona's S-STEM Program
Apply in just 3 Steps!
Complete an Undergraduate application to Iona University.
Complete your FAFSA to Iona University
. (002737)
Apply for the S-STEM scholarship by April 15, 2025.
Project Team
Principal Investigator (PI) and Contact Person
Sunghee Lee, Ph.D., Chemistry & Biochemistry,
slee@iona.edu
Co-Principal Investigators
Benjamin Gaines, Ph.D., Mathematics
Kathleen Kristian, Ph.D., Chemistry & Biochemistry
Eric Muller, Ph.D., Biology
Smiljana Petrovic, Ph.D., Computer Science
Contact
NSF S-STEM Program at Iona
Danielle Zalamea '21
Undergraduate Admissions, Liaison for the NSF S-STEM Program
Phone: (914) 633-2150
Email:
dzalamea@iona.edu
Sunghee Lee, Ph.D.
Board of Trustees Endowed Professor
Email:
slee@iona.edu