URL: https://www.iona.edu/admissions-financial-aid/freshman-admissions/special-academic-opportunities/nsf-noyce-program-for-future-science-and-math-teachers
TITLE: National Science Foundation Noyce Program for Future Science and Math Teachers | Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
National Science Foundation Noyce Program for Future Science and Math Teachers
Iona’s National Science Foundation (NSF) Noyce INSTRUCT Program (Inspiring STEM Teachers to Reach Underserved Classrooms Together) offers scholarships to rising juniors and rising seniors (incoming transfer students or current Iona students) who are in the accelerated 4+1 BS/MST or BA/MST programs for future mathematics, biology, or chemistry teachers. Through funding from the NSF Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program, the program will prepare a new generation of STEM educators and help meet the critical need for science and math teachers.
Students in Iona’s Noyce INSTRUCT program will receive scholarship funding for the final two years of their undergraduate study and one year of graduate study in the University’s 4+1 combined degree programs, which allows students to earn their STEM bachelor's degree, Education master's degree, and initial N.Y. state teaching certification in just five years, saving tuition expenses and launching them into their teaching careers faster.
Noyce scholars commit to teach full time for 2 years in a qualifying district (not limited to N.Y. state) for every year of scholarship support they accept, with this teaching commitment completed within 8 years after graduation.
Scholarship funding between $10,000-20,000 per year is available for rising juniors and seniors (both incoming transfer students and current Iona students) starting in the Fall 2023 semester. Continuing Scholars are eligible for up to $15,000 of scholarship support for one year as an MST graduate student at Iona. One goal of the Noyce INSTRUCT Scholars program is to assist in providing scholarship support up to free tuition and fees for each award year when combined with other available scholarships and grants. For more information, contact Dr. Kathleen Kristian, the Principal Investigator (PI), at
kkristian@iona.edu
.
The Iona Noyce Scholarship program is supported by the National Science Foundation under NSF DUE award # 2243413.
Program Details
The NSF Noyce INSTRUCT Scholars will prepare to persist and thrive in STEM teaching careers in qualifying districts. Noyce Instruct Scholars are offered supports and opportunities that help them develop strong capabilities as educators, rigorous content knowledge in their field, and the professional skills and sensibilities to succeed. Along with scholarship support, the Noyce INSTRUCT program will provide:
Mentorship from current STEM teachers and STEM faculty to support Scholars as they prepare for teaching careers
Experiential learning and field work opportunities
Workshops, seminars, and academic enrichment aimed at preparing new teachers to persist and thrive
Continued mentorship and support in their initial teaching positions after graduation
For more details, please contact Kathleen Kristian, PhD, Director of the NSF Noyce INSTRUCT Program, at
kkristian@iona.edu
.
Eligibility and Renewal Criteria
Eligibility Criteria
Students applying for the Noyce INSTRUCT Scholars program must:
Be rising junior or rising senior undergraduate students in a biology, chemistry, or mathematics major;
Apply for acceptance (or be currently enrolled) in one of the following 4+1 accelerated programs:
Biology and Adolescent Education (BS/MST)
Chemistry and Adolescent Education (BS/MST)
Mathematics and Adolescent Education (BA or BS/MST)
Be U.S. citizens, U.S. nationals, or permanent resident aliens. Individuals who have previously served (including concurrent service) as a K-12 teacher are not eligible for the scholarship;
File the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) by the deadline.
Scholarship recipients will be selected primarily based on academic merit, with consideration given to financial need.
Scholarship Renewal Criteria
Remain in good standing in one of the required 4+1 programs for biology, chemistry, or mathematics, which includes maintaining the required GPA and other requirements for students in Education programs, as indicated in the University catalog;
Participate in Noyce INSTRUCT Scholar cohort activities;
Complete annual reporting forms required by the program;
File the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) annually by the stated deadline.
The determination of continuing eligibility will be made each year at the conclusion of the spring semester. An overall holistic approach will be maintained for continuation of scholars to best recognize and support individual needs and potential. Awards will be made beginning in the fall semester each year.
Apply to Iona’s Noyce INSTRUCT Program
Application Deadlines
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis. To be considered, your application by the following dates.
Applications are considered on a rolling basis. Apply any time!
Deadline for Submission for fall award: first Friday of August
Deadline for Submission for spring award: first Friday of January
Current Iona Students
Complete the dual-degree form
for your 4+1 BS/MST or BA/MST program major.
Complete your FAFSA to Iona University (002737).
Apply for the NSF Noyce INSTRUCT scholarship.
Transfer Students
Apply to Iona University
for a biology, chemistry or mathematics major in one of the 4+1 BS/MST or BA/MST programs.
Complete your FAFSA to Iona University (002737).
Apply for the NSF Noyce INSTRUCT scholarship.
Project Team
Principal Investigator (PI) and Contact Person
Kathleen E. Kristian, Ph.D.
Associate Professor, Inorganic Chemistry
Chair, Chemistry & Biochemistry Department
Office:
Cornelia Hall, 104-B
Phone:
(914) 633-2341
(914) 633-2341
Email:
kkristian@iona.edu
Co-Principal Investigators and Senior Personnel
Christina Andruk, Ph.D.
Associate Professor of Biology
Office:
Cornelia Hall, 105-A
Phone:
(914) 633-2166
(914) 633-2166
Email:
candruk@iona.edu
Benjamin Gaines, Ph.D.
Associate Professor of Mathematics
Chair, Mathematics & Physics Department
Office:
Spellman Hall, Room 4-206F
Phone:
(914) 633-2272
(914) 633-2272
Email:
bgaines@iona.edu
Christine Hardigree, Ph.D.
Chair, Education Department
Associate Professor of Education
Office:
82 President Street
Phone:
(914) 633-2380
(914) 633-2380
Email:
chardigree@iona.edu
Margaret Smith, Ph.D.
Associate Professor of Mathematics Education
Office:
Spellman Hall, Second Floor
Email:
msmith@iona.edu
Contact
NSF Noyce INSTRUCT Program at Iona
Kathleen Kristian, Ph.D.
, Noyce INSTRUCT Program Director, Chemistry & Biochemistry
Christina Andruk, Ph.D.
, Biology
Benjamin Gaines, Ph.D.
, Mathematics
Margaret Smith, Ph.D
., Mathematics Education
In the News
Learn more about this award here.