URL: https://www.iona.edu/admissions-financial-aid/roadmap-accepted-students/first-year-students
TITLE: First-Year Students: Roadmap for Accepted Students | Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
First-Year Students
Becoming a Gael is "Steps" away!
Follow each step below, in number order. Making your deposit in
Step 1
will open access to all other steps, most importantly
creating your Computer Account
to use all of our online systems and access points.
If at any point you require technology assistance, simply call the Iona University Help Desk at (914) 633-2635. Help Desk hours of operation can be found at
www.iona.edu/helpdesk
.
Once all the steps have been completed, you will be ready to begin your unsurpassed Iona student experience!
1. Make Your Deposit by May 1, 2026
Submit your deposit to reserve your spot in our incoming class today!
Make Your Deposit
2. Getting Started with Technology
Let's get you connected to all of Iona's technology systems!
By following the steps on the
Getting Connected to Technology
webpage, you will learn about getting connected to all of Iona's technology systems.
If at any point you require technology assistance, simply call the Iona University Help Desk at (914) 633-2635. Help Desk hours of operation can be found at
www.iona.edu/helpdesk
.
Set up and learn how to manage your "My Student Account" page
to access your student account, eBill, online payment, financial aid and much more.
Note: Chromebooks are not supported as they do not work with our AppsAnywhere software.
3. Mandatory New Student Orientation and Welcome Weekend
Orientation is for everyone! Orientation is required for all new students to Iona University. Be sure to complete all three parts of the New Student Orientation and Welcome Weekend requirements.
Orientation and Welcome Weekend
4. Living With Us or Commuting to Us?
Living With Us
Live with us for your four years at Iona! If you are planning to live on campus, our housing application will open March 2, 2026. Once you have submitted your deposit and are connected to your student account, please allow 72 hours to have access to your housing application.
Submit your housing application early
to secure your spot!
Commuting to Us
If you are planning to commute, let our
Center for Student Engagement
, Commuter Assistants and
Commuter Student Association
make you feel right at home!
5. Math Placement Testing for STEM Majors
Assessment of Math skills for all Biology, Chemistry, Math, Computer Science and Pre-Med Majors
Students pursuing the majors above will be taking a Math Assessment using ALEKS, an online assessment instrument. Students must take this placement test
prior
to making an appointment with the Center for Advising. Students can take this test as soon as they deposit, on or after Tuesday, April 7, 2026. If this test is required for your major, you will find ALEKS on your single sign on page.
Math Assessment: STEM Majors
6. Getting Advised and Creating your First Class Schedule
Freshman Advisement Opens on Tuesday April 21, 2026
Scheduling for Your Advising Appointment opens on Tuesday, April 7, 2026
All students must meet with a professional advisor to create their first class schedule.  Students may see
any open advisor
for all majors and specialty programs, and may search by In Person or Zoom appointment formats, for convenience.
REMINDER:
STEM students majors must first
take the ALEKS Math Assessment noted in item 5 of this Roadmap.
How Can I Prepare for My Appointment?
Think about courses you are good at, and courses you are challenged in
Have information about College Courses, AP and IB Courses you have taken handy
Have key information about your own schedule of commitments outside of classes that may impact your schedule
Every new student is guaranteed a full schedule of useful classes. However, no schedule is perfect, and we do all we can to offer students a balance of course options. We have four years to work with you, and we hope you will learn to trust we all have your best interests in mind when we work together!
Schedule your appointment
For assistance creating an appointment, call (914) 633-2130.
7. Students with Disabilities: Accommodations & Enhanced Support Services
Iona University is committed to ensuring equal access and meaningful support for students with disabilities
in compliance with the ADAA
. Incoming students may choose between two levels of support based on their individual needs:
Option 1 - Accessibility Services (ASO)
– Free accommodations for students with disabilities.
Option 2 - Comprehensive Assistance Program (CAP)
– A fee-based program for students with Learning Disabilities that includes accommodations plus enhanced academic and transition support.
Students may participate in Accessibility Services alone or enroll in the Comprehensive Assistance Program for more structured, ongoing assistance.
Option 1: Accessibility Services (ASO)
The Accessibility Services Office (ASO) ensures equal access through established practices, policies, and procedures and provides approved reasonable accommodations and auxiliary aids to enrolled students with documented disabilities.
To receive accommodations, students must register with ASO.
Instructions for registering for accommodations:
Log into your
Single Sign-on
account (
myiona.iona.edu
)
Click
Accommodate
, then
Studen
t
From the left side menu, select
Accommodations
then
Request Accommodations
to complete the registration form.
If you have supporting documentation, such as an IEP, please upload it by selecting
Upload Supporting Documentation
from the homepage.
For further information on this process, please visit the
Accessibility Services Office
webpage or email
access@iona.edu
.
Option 2: Comprehensive Assistance Program (CAP) – Enhanced Academic & Transition Support
For students who would benefit from structured, ongoing guidance beyond classroom accommodations, Iona University offers a fee-based Comprehensive Assistance Program (CAP).
CAP provides services above and beyond what is legally
required by the ADAA
.
CAP services include:
Individual academic coaching focused on executive functioning (time management, organization, planning, prioritization)
Transition support for emotional and social adjustment to college
Writing support (including guidance on AI use)
Specialized skills building course for CAP students, which includes access to a free 3-credit course upon successful completion.
Students interested in enrolling should attend an information session or contact the program directly for details regarding application procedures and program fees.
For more details about CAP Services and how to apply, please check out the
Comprehensive Assistance Program webpage
or email
CAPinformation@iona.edu
.
Virtual Information Sessions
Both Accessibility Services and the Comprehensive Assistance Program will host virtual Zoom Information Sessions for incoming students and families.
Sessions will provide an overview of available services, explain next steps for enrollment, and include time for Q&A. Attendees may schedule follow-up consultations if desired.
ASO Virtual Information Sessions
All ASO information sessions will be held virtually at 7 p.m. on the following dates:
April 23
May 21
June 25
July 9
July 30
Register Here: ASO Info Session
CAP Virtual Information Sessions
Virtual CAP information sessions will be held at 6 p.m. on the following dates:
March 5
March 19
April 16
April 30
Register Here: CAP Info Session
8. Student Health Requirements
All incoming students are required to complete mandatory health requirements.
All health records are due by
July 1
for the fall semester and
January 1
for the spring semester.
Steps for Completing Student Health Requirements
Step 1:
Complete the four online health assessments.
Step 2:
Enter dates and upload proof of immunizations and vaccinations.
Step 3:
Upload forms to the patient portal.
Students must visit the
Student Health Requirements
page to read all necessary details and to begin this process.
Student Health Requirements
Shop the Iona Campus Store
Whether you are looking for books, school supplies or the latest Iona gear, the Iona Campus Store is the place for you!