URL: https://www.iona.edu/admissions-financial-aid
TITLE: Admissions & Financial Aid | Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
Admissions & Financial Aid
Be more than just a number.
At Iona University, we’re committed to every student’s success. As a small, private university in the New York City metro area, you’ll find Iona’s challenging academics, real-world experiences and dedication to meaningful service provide a well-rounded undergraduate and graduate experience tailored to your needs and goals.
The Iona Admissions team is ready to help. They will guide you through the admissions process, navigating financial aid options and selecting the course of study that best fits your academic and professional goals.
99% of students receive scholarships or financial aid
At Iona, 99% of first-year students receive scholarships and/or financial aid to help make their education more affordable. Additionally, graduate students automatically qualify for consideration of
merit scholarships
during their graduate program.
How to apply
Apply Now
“Students at Iona are getting the most for their money.”
But that’s only the start. Hear directly from
Rob Franek, editor-in-chief of The Princeton Review,
on Iona’s strong academic programs, vibrant campus life, gorgeous campuses and why
The Princeton Review names Iona among its 390 best colleges nationwide
.
Application Process
Whether you’re just beginning your college journey or continuing your education with a graduate degree, Iona’s application process is simple. We do not require SAT or ACT scores, and no application fee is required.
The Wall Street Journal’s 2024 Best Colleges in America
Iona University Ranked #4 in the Northeast
Iona University, tied with Yale University, is the #4 Most Recommended Northeastern School by Students. MIT, Williams College and Princeton University round out the top five list.
Read More: Most Recommended Schools in the Northeast
Iona University Ranked #66 in the Nation
A new ranking of the
2024 Best Colleges in America
highlights Iona University at #66 nationwide based on student outcomes and graduate salaries as well as #1 in New York for student experience. Iona is also ranked in the top 10 Best Catholic Colleges in the country.
Read More: WSJ/College Pulse Report
How to Apply
Freshman Admissions
Freshman Admissions
At Iona, we review each application holistically, evaluating high school transcripts, student interviews, recommendations of teachers and counselors and a student’s overall record of achievement. Personal interviews are strongly encouraged to support this holistic admissions process and can be
scheduled here
. SAT and ACT scores are optional for incoming freshmen.
Application Deadlines
Early Decision (binding)
: December 1, 2025
Early Action
I/Health Sciences Priority (non-binding)
: December 15, 2025
Early Action
II (non-binding)
: January 15, 2026
Regular Decision
: February 15, 2026
Deposit Deadline
: May 1, 2026
Learn more about the admissions process for incoming freshmen
. Or,
reach out to a freshman admissions counselor.
Step 1: Apply Online
Waive the $50 application fee by using the code
Iona30
on the Common App. To make the application process seamless, you’ll automatically be considered for Iona scholarships.
Apply Now
Step 2: Fill Out the FAFSA
Prospective students must fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) to qualify for financial aid. Iona’s school code is
002737
.
More on FAFSA
Step 3: Reserve Your Spot
Once you’ve received your acceptance and financial aid award letter from Iona, review the information and then submit your deposit to reserve your spot in our incoming class!
Submit Your Deposit
Transfer Admissions
No matter where your undergraduate academic journey begins, you can finish your degree at Iona University. Our
Center for Advising and Academic Services
provides preliminary credit evaluation, so you know how your previous experience will fit here. Transfer applicants receive an admissions decision and credit evaluation in 24 hours to help them finish their degree efficiently.
With 99% of transfer students receiving financial aid or scholarships, we ensure your time at Iona is affordable and efficient. Students can transfer up to 90 credits, including up to 64 credits from an accredited community or junior college.
Learn more about
Transfer Admissions
. Or,
connect with a transfer counselor
to guide you through the admissions process.
Step 1: Apply Online
Transfer students should apply via the Common Application. Waive the $50 application fee by using the code
Iona30
on the Common App. To make the application process seamless, you’ll automatically be considered for Iona scholarships.
Apply Now
Step 2: Fill Out the FAFSA
Prospective transfer students must fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) to qualify for financial aid. Iona’s school code is: 002737.
More on FAFSA
Step 3: Reserve Your Spot
Once you’ve received your acceptance and financial aid award letter from Iona, review the information and then submit your deposit to reserve your spot in our incoming class!
Submit Your Deposit
Graduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Iona’s graduate programs challenge you academically and elevate your skill set while accommodating your busy schedule. With accelerated programs, flexible formats and online graduate degrees, our graduate degree and certificate programs help to advance your career goals and aspirations as you balance the demands of work and family.
Review the graduate admissions process
Have questions about applying to graduate school?
Contact a graduate admissions counselor for more information.
Step 1: Apply Online and Submit Materials
Our online application is quick and easy. There’s no application fee, and you’ll automatically be considered for scholarships! You’ll also need to submit an official college transcript, a resume, letters of recommendation and other materials your chosen program may require.
Apply Now
Step 2: Fill Out the FAFSA
If you’re hoping to qualify for financial aid, you must fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Iona's school code is 002737.
More on FAFSA
Step 3: Reserve Your Spot
Once you’ve received your acceptance and financial aid award letter from Iona, review the information. Then, submit your deposit to reserve your spot in our incoming class!
Submit Deposit
International Admissions
International Admissions
Students from over 40 countries come to Iona University each year to join our diverse community! International undergraduate applicants should apply before December 1 for Early Decision, December 15 for Early Action and February 15 for Regular Decision.
Review the International Admissions page for more information.
To receive help with the admission process,
contact an Iona international admissions counselor.
Step 1: Apply Online
International students should apply via the Common Application. Use the code Iona27 to waive the $50 application fee on the Common App. To make the application process as seamless as possible, you’ll automatically be considered for scholarships.
International students also must provide:
High school transcripts translated into English;
SAT, ACT or TOEFL scores;
External examination results or leaving certificates appropriate to your country, such as “A-levels,” CXCs, Baccalaureate or Abitur.
Apply Now
Step 2: Fill Out I-20 Application
Once accepted to Iona University, you’ll receive our application for Form I-20. The I-20 is required when applying for an F-1 student visa at an American Embassy or Consulate and for entry into the United States. If you’re already attending a high school or college in the U.S., you will need to transfer the I-20 to Iona University once your current program ends.
More on I-20
Step 3: Reserve Your Spot
Once you are accepted and complete your I-20 application, submit your deposit to reserve your spot in our incoming class!
Submit Deposit
Iona’s Admissions Counselors
Our team of counselors is prepared to help students find their place at Iona University. Equipped with expertise and passion, the admissions counselors are here to answer any questions you have as you navigate the admissions process.
Meet Iona’s team of undergraduate admissions counselors
, or
connect with our graduate counselors
.
Military & Veteran Admissions
Military and veterans are empowered to begin or continue their college education at Iona. Here, you receive hands-on experience and traditional classroom instruction that equips you to succeed in whatever field you choose.
Active military and veterans may qualify for specific financial aid opportunities to help finance their college education.
Visit the Military & Veterans Admissions page to review enrollment options and educational benefits.
Visiting Students
Visiting students are welcome to study at Iona University and enjoy the many benefits Iona’s faculty, curriculum and campus life offers. Join the Iona student body for a semester, trimester, winter or summer session or even for a study abroad program.
Explore our Visiting Students registration process
High School Student Admissions
Ambitious high school students can jump-start their college education by participating in Iona’s pre-college program, dual enrollment programs or the Science and Technology Entry Program (STEP). These programs allow rising juniors and seniors to gain experience taking classes on campus and earn college credits to accelerate their college preparation and build confidence in their skill set.
Learn more about Iona’s programs for high school students
Applying for Readmission at Iona
At Iona, we understand there isn’t always a direct path to earning your degree. To accommodate students who have paused their studies, we offer readmission enrollment options.
Students who have not registered at Iona for at least one academic year must apply for readmission. Upon submitting your application, you must meet with an adviser from the Advising Center to discuss your future course of study and current degree requirements.
Learn how to apply for readmission at Iona
Tuition and Financial Aid
Your education is worth the investment. Iona ensures that earning your degree is affordable.
We are proud to offer a variety of
scholarships and grants
— including merit scholarships, athletic awards and need-based grants — and
student employment
opportunities, including graduate assistantships. Students can also apply for federal and private loans to finance their education.
Need help with the financial aid application?
Student Financial Services
is here to help you manage the
cost of attendance
and support you through the financial aid process.
Visit Iona’s Financial Aid FAQs page
to learn more about applying for loans, important FAFSA deadlines, financial aid options for study abroad programs and more.
How to Apply for Financial Aid
Scholarships and Grants
Undergraduate Tuition & Fees
Graduate Tuition & Fees
Iona At A Glance
3,389
undergraduate students in the 2025-26 academic year
Explore Undergraduate Programs
99%
of first-year students receive institutional scholarships or financial grant aid
More on Financial Aid
15 to 1
student-to-faculty ratio
Explore Academics
Gael Power
Iona students are empowered to do the extraordinary. Read the stories of five alumni and how their time at Iona University enabled them to pursue exciting and fulfilling careers at industry-leading companies such as NBC News Now, NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center and Overtime.
Read our alumni stories
Find out What an Iona Education can do for you
Visit Iona University
Plan your visit to the New Rochelle and Bronxville campuses, just 20 miles from midtown Manhattan, and see all that Iona offers. We hold tours seven days a week, giving prospective undergraduate students a preview of residential life, academic and athletic facilities and more.
Visit campus
Apply to Iona University
Earn your degree at Iona University and become a part of our growing community of learners and leaders. Here, you’ll develop the professional skills and expertise you need to make a lasting impact on the world around you.
Ready to start learning outside the lines?
Request more information
, or
begin your Iona application today
!