URL: https://www.iona.edu/admissions-financial-aid/freshman-admissions/admitted-students-resources
TITLE: Admitted Students Resources | Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
Admitted Students Resources
Congratulations on your Admission!
Congratulations on your admission to Iona University! We welcome you to explore our campus, meet our current students, engage with our faculty and staff, learn more about financial aid and, most importantly, “find your fit.” Iona is a tight-knit community and we are eager to show you all that we have to offer.
Secure Your Spot in the Class of 2030
Make Your Deposit
New Student Checklist
To help make your transition into college a seamless process, we've gathered the steps you'll take to become a Gael all in one place.
This checklist will get you started with Iona's technology, managing your student account, the housing application process and much more.
New Student Checklist
Helpful Resources
Gaels Go Further Mentoring Programs
Access dedicated guidance for everything from career paths and college success to entrepreneurial ventures and personal goals through Iona’s mentoring programs.
Learn More: Mentoring at Iona
Student Experience and Activities
Ignite your curiosity, develop your talents and interests and build lifelong friendships. Get involved today!
Get Involved
Samuel Rudin Academic Resource Center
Find personalized support like tutoring, coaching, and accessibility services to help you succeed and become a confident, independent learner.
Learn More: Academic Support
Student Financial Services
We're here to help! Explore scholarship opportunities, receive guidance on aid applications and begin building financial literacy for your college journey and beyond.
Learn More: SFS
Gerri Ripp Center for Career Development
We offer expert guidance and resources for students to explore options, make informed decisions and build lifelong skills for career success.
Learn More: Career Development
Life at Iona
From New York to Ireland, learn why so many call Gael Nation home!
Iona New Rochelle
Iona Bronxville
Iona Ireland
Find Your Fit at Iona
Professors at Iona are more than educators.
They are mentors, experts in their fields and invested in creating the best possible educational experience for each student that enters an Iona classroom.
Find your fit at Iona today!
Events for Accepted Students
Attend one of our upcoming events to have your questions answered and get all the information you need to move forward. Explore campus, shadow one of our current students and see first-hand why so many students find success at Iona University.
Last Look Weekend, 4/25 & 4/26
Join us on April 25 or April 26 to see why so many students choose to call Gael Nation home! Pick up exclusive Iona merch, have your questions answered and more.
RSVP: April 25
RSVP: April 26
Gael Spend-A-Days
See what a "day in the life" looks like for Iona students by shadowing one of our Gael Guides for part of the day. We will do our best to pair you with a student in your intended major or co-curricular interest(s).
Register Now: Gael Spend-A-Day
Spotlight Sessions
Join us for a deep dive into Iona University! Learn about majors and minors, our honors program, study abroad experiences and more. You'll also have the chance to explore the many ways you can get involved through clubs, sports and performing arts!.
Spotlight Sessions
Campus Visits
We're happy to offer campus tours through May! Schedule your tour today!
Register now for a Campus Visit
2030.iona.edu
Have you explored the dedicated website for the Class of 2030 yet? Find fun weekend plans, discover what kind of roommate you are, enter to win great prizes, and much more!
Explore 2030.iona.edu now
Dates to Remember
Deposit Deadline:
May 1, 2026
Make Your Deposit
Orientation:
June 2026
Find more information at
iona.edu/orientation
.
Roommate(s) Contact Information Notification:
Roommate selection opens in August. Roommate information is shared with housing assignments.
Housing Placements:
Assignments will be emailed on or before August 1, 2026.
Move-In Day:
Friday, August 21, 2026
Welcome Day:
Sunday, August 23, 2026
First Day of Classes:
Monday, August 24, 2026
Gael Stories
Read More Iona News
Student Success
Jessica Said ’26 Presents Project Symphony Research at American Chemical Society Presidential Symposium
April 21, 2026
Alumni Success
,
Iona Students Learn Outside The Lines
,
Rankings News
From Classroom to Career, Iona Prepares Students for the Future
April 14, 2026
Student Success
,
Athletics News
From the Pool to the Professional World, Nate Wales ’26, ’27MBA Builds His Future at Iona
April 9, 2026