URL: https://www.iona.edu/offices/health-wellness-safety/health-services/student-health-requirements
TITLE: Student Health Requirements | Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
Student Health Requirements
Health Services is committed to assisting you in achieving optimal wellness and academic success!
All incoming students are required to complete mandatory health requirements as you join the Iona community.
Instructions for Incoming First-Year Students
Overview of Student Health Requirements
The health portal we use is called “Medicat.”  After registering for classes, please allow 3-4 days to gain access to Medicat.
All health records are due
July 1 for the fall semester
and
January 1 for the spring semester
. Failure to successfully submit
ALL
requirements prior to the due date
may result in a delay in moving into your residential hall or permission to attend classes.
All health forms are available in Medicat. Forms
must include your full name
as registered at Iona and
your date of birth
(month/day/year). All health records (including immunizations) must be written in
English
and signed and dated by a MD or Nurse Practitioner (NP).
Successfully submitted health records
are listed at the bottom of your account in the health portal. You may check each file you uploaded, remove, or upload if necessary.
Due to the large volume of health records, students will only be contacted if there is an issue with their health record. If you are contacted, please follow the link to receive the text messages on your phone.
For questions related to Student Health
, please email
healthservices@iona.edu
or call (914) 633-2548.
For questions related to Health Insurance
, please email Student Financial Services at
sfs@iona.edu
or call (914) 633-2497.
Student athletes
must complete and upload all University health requirements to Medicat.
In addition
, student athletes must complete the health requirements specific to “athletics” and upload documentation to Athletic Training Registrar (ATR).
Graduate students
must complete all health requirements, regardless if you are attending class online, attend in person or a returning student. Proof of immunizations for MMR is required for entry to class.
You may access Medicat using your cell phone or your computer. Access to the portal is limited to American cell service. Directions for uploading documents to the portal are listed below.
Steps for Completing Student Health Requirements
The following steps must be completed to become compliant with the health requirements. Forms and assessments are found in the
Medicat Patient Portal
. All requested documentation will be uploaded to the
Medicat Patient Portal
. Forms
will not
be accepted via fax or mail. All documentation must be written in English.
Step 1: Complete five online health assessments
Health Assessment
Meningitis Response Form
Acknowledgement of HIPPA
TB
Text Option for Medicat Communication
Step 2: Enter dates and upload proof of the following immunizations and vaccinations (signed by MD or NP):
Proof of Measles, Mumps and Rubella (MMR*) Immunizations
MMR - enter 2 dates (Measles (2 dates), Mumps (1 date), Rubella (1 Rubella)
OR
MMR titers
If you are unable to find documentation of your MMR immunizations, you may upload MMR titers obtained within 3 months of entry to Iona.
Proof of Meningitis Immunization
Required for all residential students, recommended for commuter students.
Meningitis A – received 1 dose obtained within 5 years of entry
OR
Meningitis B – received 2-3 doses within 5 years of entry
Step 3. Upload forms to the
Patient Portal
All forms are located under “Forms”
Required:
Health Assessment Form
Completed within one year of entry
Must include MD/NP signature, NPI# and date
Required:
Health Insurance Form
Upload with a photo of the front and back of your health insurance card
Authorization for Treatment of Minor (to be completed if you are under 18 years of age upon entry at Iona)
Accessing the Medicat Patient Portal
Scan the QR code below or
click here to access the Medicat patient portal
.
Directions for uploading documents to the portal are listed below.
Directions for Uploading Documents to Patient Portal
DIRECTIONS WHEN USING CELL PHONE
Your cell phone is the easiest method to upload your health records to the portal. Save all your completed forms in your photo library. When uploading your forms to the portal – if you have the choice of what “size” your document is - use the
“large”
option.
To have access to the portal, complete steps 1-7 of
the
Roadmap for accepted students, found here
.
Access the health portal here.
Sign in using your Iona email and password. You will be prompted to enter your Multi-Factor Authentication Code from One Login Protect.
After successfully logging in, you will see 3 horizontal lines on the top left menu bar.
Menu Bar
Home: brings you back to home base
Immunization: enter dates of immunizations
Upload: upload your forms
Forms: obtain your forms
Messages: check for messages
Education: receive your patient education
My Profile: update your personal information
1. Online Assessments
Click on Menu Bar - choose “Forms”
Complete online assessment
for HIPPA, TB, Meningitis and text option for Medicat communication
2. Under “Downloadable Required Forms”
Download & print each required form located under
“Forms”
Save each form
to the photo library on your phone.
Upload
Health Assessment Form
Health Insurance Card - front and back
Authorization to Treat a Minor - if under 18 years of age upon entry to Iona
Proof of all immunizations – MMR (all students) and Meningitis (if residential student)
Enter titer levels for MMR – if you cannot find proof of MMR vaccines
Use the dropdown menu to choose the form you will be uploading. Press “enter” & “save” after each upload.
Review your successfully uploaded files at the bottom of the portal. You may delete or re-upload files accordingly.
3. Immunizations
Click on Menu Bar - choose Immunizations (top row)
Enter dates of each vaccine: MMR & Meningitis
4. Under “Upload”
Choose “Immunization”
- upload proof (scan or photo) of each vaccine record.
DIRECTIONS WHEN USING YOUR COMPUTER
Access the health portal here.
Log in
using your Iona email address and password.
Complete online assessment
for HIPPA, TB, Meningitis and text option for Medicat communication
Under
“Downloadable Required Forms”
Download & print each required form (located on top row under
“Forms”
)
Save each form
to your computer.
Upload:
-Health Assessment Form
-Health Insurance Card - front and back
-Authorization to Treat a Minor - if under 18 years of age upon entry to Iona
-Proof of all immunizations
-Enter titers level for QuantiFERON and MMR.
Under -
“Immunizations”
(top row)
Enter dates of each vaccine:
MMR & Meningitis
Under
“Upload”
Choose “Immunization”
- upload proof (scan or photo) of each vaccine record.
Details on Student Health Requirements
Measles, Mumps and Rubella (MMR)
As per New York State Public Health Law 2165, all undergraduate and graduate students, including visiting students, born on or after January 1, 1957, enrolled for 6 or more credits must provide the University with documentation of immunity to measles, mumps, and rubella. Documentation may include proof of vaccine history, documented history or illness, or immunity proven by serologic titers. Students who are not in compliance with their health requirements will not be allowed to attend class, move in to their residential halls or participate in any university activity pending verification of all health records. All health records must be provided in English with the student name, date of birth (month/date/year), signed by MD or nurse practitioner.
Vaccine History
Provide a certificate of immunization verifying the date of the disease, or the administered measles, mumps, and rubella vaccines. This includes documents such as:
A certificate from a licensed physician or nurse practitioner.
An immunization record card signed by a MD or NP.
Immunization certificate from another educational institution which you have attended.
A military dependent's vaccine record.
The student must submit proof of honorable discharge from the armed services within 10 years from the date of application to the institution. The proof of honorable discharge shall qualify as a certificate enabling a student to attend the institution pending actual receipt of immunization records from the armed services.
All immunizations must have been given no more than 4 days prior to the student's first birthday:
Live Measles: 2 doses required. Vaccines must have been administered at least 28 days apart.
Live Mumps: 1 injection required.
Live Rubella: 1 injection required.
Documented History of Illness
If diagnosed by a physician or nurse practitioner, a history of having had measles and/or mumps is acceptable proof of immunity. The physician or nurse practitioner must enter the dates of initial diagnosis.
Immunity Proven by Serologic Testing
Blood antibody titer, a blood test, may be used to indicate immunity to measles, mumps, and rubella. Please submit the original dated laboratory report. This report must include laboratory name, the student's name and date of birth, the numerical result(s), and the numerical interpretation ranges.
TITERS MUST OBTAINED WITHIN 3 MONTHS OF ENTRY TO IONA.
Meningitis
New York State Law 2167 requires institutions, including colleges and universities, to distribute information about meningococcal disease and vaccination to all students-undergraduate, graduate and visiting-meeting the enrollment criteria, whether they live on or off campus.
Meningococcal Meningitis Vaccination Response Form
Iona University adheres to the recommendations of the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) regarding meningitis and students living in residence halls, and requires all students who will be living in a residence hall be immunized prior to move-in day.
See CDC information on meningococcal.
Exemptions for Immunization Requirements
Medical Exemption
A student with a health condition for which receiving a specific vaccine is contraindicated, a licensed physician must document the student's condition for which immunization may be detrimental and length of time immunization may be detrimental for.
Medical Exemption must be submitted yearly
In the event of an outbreak, medically exempt individuals will be excluded from classes and on-campus activities and removed from residential halls for their protection.
Religious Exemption
A student who holds genuine and sincere religious beliefs which are contrary to the practice of immunization must submit their request for exemption in writing. The request must be signed by the student if 18 years or older or by the parent or guardian if the student is under the age of 18. Iona University has the right to request supporting documents be submitted for religious exemptions.
In the event of an outbreak, religious exempt individuals will be excluded from classes and on-campus activities and removed from residential halls for their protection.
Exclusion
All students are given 28 days from the first day of class to comply with New York State Public Health Laws. After this grace period, students will be excluded from attending classes, residing in residence halls, participating in team sports and other curricular and extra-curricular activities on campus.
Immunization Requirements
Iona University is mandated to comply with New York State Department of Health Public Health Laws regarding immunizations requirements for attendance at post-secondary institution.
Contact Us
Health Services
760 North Avenue
Hours: Monday - Friday, 9 a.m.-5 p.m.
Email:
healthservices@iona.edu
Phone: (914) 633-2548
Staff
Patty Furlong, DNP, ACNP - BC, MA, RN
Therese Mosely-Saunders, FNP-BC
Michael Berkowitz, FNP
Fiona Marrinan, RN
Barbara Hadad, Administrative Assistant