URL: https://www.iona.edu/offices/student-financial-services/applying-aid/undergraduate-students
TITLE: Undergraduate Students | Applying for Aid | Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
Undergraduate Students
Financial aid awards come from federal, state, institutional and/or private sources. Most students attending Iona University receive aid from a combination of sources.
Federal loans:
Iona University students and their parents may receive a direct
federal loan
through the U.S. Department of Education. For a Federal Direct Parent Loan (PLUS), a parent must apply online, which includes a credit application and the signing of a master promissory note.
See more about loans on our FAQ page
.
State grants:
Undergraduate students who are residents of New York state and have applied to an in-state post-secondary institution can apply for a
New York State Tuition Assistance Program (TAP) grant
after they file their FAFSA. Part-time undergraduate students may be eligible for a TAP grant as well.
Additional Information
First-Time Students
The deadline for filing a FAFSA for freshmen is April 15. For transfer students, the deadline is 30 days from the date of admittance to Iona University.
Undergraduate students who are still considered dependents (23 years old or younger) should fill out their FAFSA with their parent or parents using income and asset information from the previous year. If a student is 24 years old or older, tax return information for the student and spouse (if applicable) should be used for the FAFSA.
Verification for first-time students:
If you have been selected for verification of the information you provided on your FAFSA, your offer of financial aid is tentative until the verification process is complete.
Read more about the verification process.
Returning Students
Returning undergraduate students must file the
Renewal FAFSA
by April 15 every year to retain need-based grant awards. Students who do not file by the deadline will lose any need-based grant from Iona University.
If you are a returning student and have been awarded a scholarship or grant from Iona University, you have to complete the FAFSA every year by the deadline even if you’re not applying for other forms of aid.
Verification for returning students:
If you have been selected for verification of the information you provided on your FAFSA, you will not receive an email about your financial aid award until the verification process is complete.
Read more about the verification process.
Federal loans:
If you are a returning student and previously borrowed loans, you must
accept your award online
through your Iona University PeopleSoft account.
Contact Us
Student Financial Services
McSpedon Hall, Second Floor
Monday-Friday, 9 a.m.-5 p.m.
Book an Appointment
In-person, Zoom and phone appointments can be made via
DaySmart Appointments
.
(914) 633-2497
(914) 633-2497
sfs@iona.edu