URL: https://www.iona.edu/student-life/clubs-activities
TITLE: Clubs & Activities | Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
Clubs & Activities
At Iona, we believe in learning outside the lines! Your experiences outside of the classroom can have as great an impact on your college success as your experiences in the classroom. That’s why we offer so many opportunities for you to explore, discover and develop new strengths and passions, including:
Joining one of our 100 clubs and meeting new friends who share your interests;
Becoming a student-leader and representing your Iona community while you hone your leadership skills;
Volunteering or participating in a mission-oriented activity and discover the fulfillment that comes from serving others.
Whatever you choose to do, you will grow, learn and have fun when you get involved!
Contact Us
Center for Student Engagement
(914) 633-2360
(914) 633-2360
studentactivities@iona.edu
All student clubs & organizations are open and welcome to all Iona students.
Club Sports at Iona
Find Your Team at Iona
From Esports to Rugby, Iona University boasts a wide variety of club sports to choose from, and the list is only growing! Always inclusive, we encourage you to explore Club Sports today!
See Club Sports
Clubs & Organizations
With over 100 active clubs, groups and organizations – including Greek Life, media organizations, performance clubs, diversity clubs, special interest and academic clubs, and more – you will find the community you are looking for!
See Clubs & Organizations
Performing Arts
Let your creativity flourish at Iona! Sing, dance, act, play an instrument and bolster school spirit, all while pursuing your degree and making lasting friendships along the way.
Performing Arts
Student Leadership
Iona University is committed to providing you with an educational experience that will open doors to success and prepare you to take on leadership roles in your chosen field. We offer various opportunities for you to develop the skills that will launch your career and position you as a change-maker and influential leader.
Student Leadership
Spiritual Life & Service
Spiritual life at Iona is as much about serving others as it is attending services. Our Office of Mission and Ministry sponsors a wide variety of mission-oriented activities: volunteer service, mission trips, music ministry and more.
More on Spiritual Life & Service