URL: https://www.iona.edu/visit-campus/maps-directions
TITLE: Maps & Directions for Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
Maps & Directions
Iona University is spread across two beautiful campuses in New Rochelle and Bronxville. Located within approximately three miles of one another, each campus offers state-of-the-art facilities and is readily accessible to students and faculty through Iona’s Gael Express shuttle service.
New Rochelle Campus Address
715 North Avenue
New Rochelle, NY 10801
Download New Rochelle Campus Map (PDF)
Directions to Iona's New Rochelle Campus
By Car
From Upper New York State and Upper Westchester County (I-287)
Take the New York State Thruway to the Cross Westchester Expressway (Interstate 287) East. Then, take Exit 9S to the Hutchinson River Parkway. From the Hutchinson River Parkway South, take Exit 9A (Mill Road East). Stay right onto Mill Road toward the traffic light, then turn right onto North Avenue. Follow North Avenue for approximately 2 miles to the entrance of University on your left.
From New England and Upper Westchester County (I-95)
Take Interstate 95 (Connecticut Turnpike/New England Thruway) to the Cross Westchester Expressway (Interstate 287). Then, take Exit 9S to the Hutchinson River Parkway. From the Hutchinson River Parkway South, take Exit 9A (Mill Road East). Stay right onto Mill Road toward the traffic light, then turn right onto North Avenue. Follow North Avenue for approximately 2 miles to the entrance of University on your left.
From Midtown Manhattan FDR Drive
Take FDR Drive to the bridge at Willis Avenue which connects to the Major Deegan Expressway North. Stay left after crossing the bridge and follow signs to the Cross County Parkway East. Take the Cross County Parkway east to Exit 10 (New Rochelle Road/Eastchester). Turn right and proceed to the fourth traffic light. Then, turn left onto Eastchester Road and take it to the end. Next, turn right onto North Avenue. At the second traffic light, the campus entrance will be on your left.
From Midtown Manhattan-West Side
Take the West Side Highway to the Henry Hudson Parkway North to the Cross County Parkway East. Take the Cross County Parkway east to Exit 10 (New Rochelle Road/Eastchester). Turn right and proceed to the fourth traffic light. Then, turn left onto Eastchester Road and take it to the end. Next, turn right onto North Avenue. At the second traffic light, the campus entrance will be on your left.
Alternate Route: Take the FDR Drive to the Bruckner Expressway to the Hutchinson River Parkway North. North to Exit 7, Pelhamdale Avenue, New Rochelle Road, New Rochelle. Turn right at light on New Rochelle Road, left on Eastchester Road to North Avenue, right on North Avenue to second traffic light, then left onto campus.
From the Bronx
Take Interstate 87 (Major Deegan Expressway) North to the Cross County Parkway East. Proceed east on the Cross County Parkway to Exit 10 (New Rochelle Road/Eastchester). Turn right and proceed to the fourth traffic light. Then, turn left onto Eastchester Road and take it to the end. Next, turn right onto North Avenue. At the second traffic light, the campus entrance will be on your left.
From Long Island
Take the Whitestone Bridge and follow signs to the Hutchinson River Parkway. Proceed north on the Hutchinson River Parkway to Exit 7 (Pelhamdale Avenue/New Rochelle). Turn right at the light onto New Rochelle Road. Then, turn left onto Eastchester Road and take it to the end. Next, turn right onto North Avenue. At the second traffic light, the campus entrance will be on your left.
From New Jersey, The West and the South
Take the Holland Tunnel, Lincoln Tunnel, or George Washington Bridge to the Henry Hudson Parkway North to the Cross County Parkway. Take the Cross County Parkway east to Exit 10 (New Rochelle Road/Eastchester). Turn right and proceed to the fourth traffic light. Then, turn left onto Eastchester Road and take it to the end. Next, turn right onto North Avenue. At the second traffic light, the campus entrance will be on your left.
By Train and Subways
Metro-North Railroad
Take the New Haven line to the New Rochelle Station. Exit the station to North Avenue and take a taxi or the #45 bus to the University entrance (bus runs Monday through Friday).
West Side MTA subway (uptown)
Change at 180th Street for the 241st Street – White Plains Road train. At White Plains Road and 241st Street, take the #42 bus to North Avenue and Main Street, New Rochelle. Transfer to the #45 bus to the University entrance (bus runs Monday through Friday).
By Amtrak North East Corridor Service
Take the train to the New Rochelle Station. Exit the station to North Avenue and take a taxi or the #45 bus to the University entrance (bus runs Monday through Friday).
By Bus
By Bus From Pelham Bay Station in the Bronx
Take the #45 bus directly to the University entrance (bus runs Monday through Friday).
By Bus From Fordham Road and Valentine Avenue in the Bronx
Take the Fordham Road bus to North Avenue and Main Street, New Rochelle. Then, take the #45 bus north to the University entrance (bus runs Monday through Friday).
By Bus From 241st Street and White Plains Road
Take the #42 bus to Main Street and North Avenue, New Rochelle. Transfer to the #45 bus to the University entrance (bus runs Monday through Friday).
By Plane
From John F. Kennedy (JFK) and LaGuardia Airports (LGA)
Take Interstate 678 North to the Whitestone Bridge. Follow signs to the Hutchinson River Parkway. Then, proceed north to Exit 7 (Pelhamdale Avenue/New Rochelle). Turn right at the light onto New Rochelle Road. Then, turn left onto Eastchester Road and take it to the end. Next, turn right onto North Avenue. At the second traffic light, the campus entrance will be on your left.
From Newark Airport (EWR)
Take Interstate 95 (New Jersey Turnpike) North to Interstate 80 East. Follow signs for the George Washington Bridge. Then, take the George Washington Bridge to the Henry Hudson Parkway North, to the Cross County Parkway East. Take the Cross County Parkway east to Exit 10 (New Rochelle Road/Eastchester). Turn right and proceed to the fourth traffic light. Then, turn left onto Eastchester Road and take it to the end. Next, turn right onto North Avenue. At the second traffic light, the campus entrance will be on your left.
From Westchester Airport (HPN)
Take Interstate 684 South to the Hutchinson River Parkway South. From the Hutchinson River Parkway South, take Exit 9A (Mill Road). Stay right onto Mill Road toward the traffic light, then turn right onto North Avenue. Follow North Avenue for approximately 2 miles to the entrance of the University on your left.
Bronxville Campus Address
171 White Plains Road
Bronxville, NY 10708
Download Bronxville Campus Map (PDF)
Directions to Iona's Bronxville Campus
By Car
From New York City, New Jersey, and Upstate New York
Take the New York State Thruway (Major Deegan Expressway/Route 87) to the Cross County Parkway. Go east to exit 8, Route 22/North Columbus Avenue. The University is located 1.4 miles north.
From Long Island, including Queens and Brooklyn
Take the Hutchinson River Parkway (off the New England Thruway) north to exit 6B, Cross County Parkway. Continue on the Cross County Parkway to exit 8, Route 22/North Columbus Avenue. At the end of the ramp, turn left onto Route 22. The University is located 1.4 miles north.
From New England
Take the Merritt Parkway to the Hutchinson River Parkway south to exit 9B, Mill Road West/Eastchester. At the end of the ramp, turn right onto Mill Road and continue 0.7 miles to Route 22/White Plains Road. Turn left onto White Plains Road. The University is located 1 mile south.
By Train and Subways
Metro-North Train
The Bronxville Station is on the Metro-North Harlem Line. Once in Bronxville, Iona’s campus is easily accessible by cab or by foot.
Cab
Cabs can be obtained from the Bronxville Station.
Foot
Walk east on Pondfield Road through downtown Bronxville. At Tanglewylde Avenue, turn left and proceed to campus. (Watch street signs carefully—Tanglewylde makes several sharp turns.) Iona University is located at the intersection of Tanglewylde and White Plains Road (approximately a 20-minute walk.
Subways from NYC
#2 train to 241st Steet.
Transfer to the Westchester County Bee-Line bus #42 (toward New Rochelle). Transfer to the Bee-Line bus #40 (toward White Plains). The #40 bus stops directly in front of Iona University.
#5 train to Dyre Avenue.
Transfer to the Westchester County Bee-Line bus #55 (toward Yonkers). Transfer to the Bee-Line bus #40 (toward White Plains). The #40 bus stops directly in front of Iona University.
By Bus
The Westchester County Bee-Line bus #40 stops directly in front of Iona University. The #40 bus runs north and south on White Plains Road, Route 22, between Mount Vernon and White Plains. Transfers from other lines are available.
By Plane
From John F. Kennedy (JFK) and LaGuardia Airports (LGA)
Take Interstate 678 North to the Whitestone Bridge. Follow signs to the Hutchinson River Parkway. Take the Hutchinson River Parkway north to exit 6B, Cross County Parkway. Continue on the Cross County Parkway to exit 8, Route 22/North Columbus Avenue. At the end of the ramp, turn left onto Route 22. The University is located 1.4 miles north.
From Newark Airport (EWR)
Take the New Jersey Turnpike north, which becomes I-95 north, to the George Washington Bridge. Cross the bridge and take exit 1C/I-87 north (Major Deegan Expressway) toward Albany. Take exit 6/Tuckahoe Road East toward Bronxville. Go east on Tuckahoe Road and travel past the Central Avenue/Route 100 intersection and into Tuckahoe. Where the road forks, bear right onto Garrett Road. Take the first left on Armour Villa Avenue which becomes Lake Avenue. Turn right on Main Street and cross over the train tracks. Main Street becomes Winter Hill Road. At the top of the hill, turn right onto Route 22/White Plains Road.
From Westchester Airport (HPN)
Take Interstate 684 South to the Hutchinson River Parkway South. From the Hutchinson River Parkway South, take exit 9B, Mill Road West/Eastchester. At the end of the ramp, turn right onto Mill Road and continue 0.7 miles to Route 22/White Plains Road. Turn left onto White Plains Road. The University is located 1 mile south.
Discover New Rochelle
Find restaurants, hotels, transportation options and more!
Discover New Rochelle
Discover Bronxville
Learn more about Iona's campus in Bronxville today!
Discover Bronxville