URL: https://www.iona.edu/visit-campus/freshman-campus-visits-tours
TITLE: Freshman Campus Visits & Tours | Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
Toggle Video
Freshman Campus Visits & Tours
Get to Know Gael Nation
In addition to holding
campus tours
seven days a week, we have many specialized events throughout the year for groups such as high school juniors and college counselors. During the basketball season, we even have tours that culminate in complementary tickets to our home games!
We encourage prospective students to take advantage of a
one-on-one interview
with an admissions counselor. During the meeting, you will have the opportunity to have all of your questions addressed, and receive personalized guidance on the college admissions process.
Last Look Weekend, 4/25 & 4/26
Join us on April 25 or April 26 to see why so many students choose to call Gael Nation home! Unlock priority course registration and orientation selection, pick up exclusive Iona merch and more.
RSVP: April 25
RSVP: April 26
Major Events
Join us for a campus-wide event where you can experience everything Gael Nation has to offer.
Connect with our welcoming community and tour our vibrant suburban campus.
Gael Spend-a-Days
Select dates in February, March and April 2026.
See what a "day in the life" looks like for Iona students by shadowing one of our Gael Guides for part of the day! They're especially popular for school vacation and conference days!
Book Now: Gael Spend-a-Day
Spotlight Sessions
Join us for a deep dive into Iona University! Learn about majors and minors, our honors program, study abroad experiences and more. You'll also have the chance to explore the many ways you can get involved through clubs, sports and performing arts!
Business Discovery Day, 2/27
Explore the LaPenta School of Business at an academic information session and join a mock class to see what life is like as an Iona business student! **P.S. Stick around for our D1 Men's Basketball game versus Rider and experience the electric energy of Gael Nation!
February 27, 3 p.m
.
Spirit Information Session & Gameday Experience, 2/27
Students interested in Cheer, Dance Team, Pep Band and Mascot opportunities can meet our coaches and directors, learn about each program, hear about clinics and the audition process, and see Spirit in action at Iona at our final Men's Basketball game of the season!
February 27, 5 p.m.
Nursing Spotlight, 3/10
Attend an on campus information session with Director of Nursing, Dr. Shery Watson, who will review coursework, clinical experience, study abroad opportunities and much more. The presentation is followed by a in-depth look at the Kelly Center for Health Sciences.
March 10, 3 p.m.
Cheer Clinics, 3/22 & 4/12
Iona University is hosting cheer clinics on our Bronxville campus designed for incoming students interested in trying out for the Cheer team! This is the perfect opportunity to ask questions about the team and tryout process, experience a mock tryout and develop the key skills needed to succeed.
March 22, 3 p.m.
April 12, 3 p.m.
Dance Clinics, 3/22 & 4/12
Iona University is hosting dance clinics on our Bronxville designed for incoming students interested in trying out for the Dance team! This is the perfect opportunity to ask questions about the team and tryout process, experience a mock tryout, and develop the key skills needed to succeed.
March 22, 3 p.m.
April 12, 3 p.m.
Honors Spotlights, 3/24 & 4/7
If you are curious about the advantages of the Iona Honors program, join us on campus connect with current Honors faculty and students! You can ask your top questions and learn more about your free credits, study abroad grants, preferred housing, mentoring services, and more!
March 24, 6 p.m.
April 7, 6 p.m.
Club Sports, 3/26 & 4/9
Join us for a campus tour and meet and greet with Iona Club Sport coaches and staff to see why so many students participate in Gael Athletics! You'll even get to check out some teams practicing that day!
March 26, 4 p.m.
April 9, 3 p.m.
Community Service Project and Info Session, 2/20
Join us on campus to participate in a community service project with current students, learn about involvement opportunities, and be eligible for the Gael Service Award!
February 20, 3 p.m.
Residential Life Night, 3/26 & 4/21
Join our Residential Life team for these upcoming events to see why so many students choose to live on campus! These events are designed to show you everything you need to know about residential life at Iona. The staff will also answer your top questions about living on campus, which will be followed by a tour of our various residence halls. Attendees will receive priority housing: first choice of First Year residential hall-Loftus or East!
March 26, 6 p.m.
April 21, 6 p.m.
Community Service Spring Planting, 4/18
The Office of Mission & Ministry is hosting a community service spring planting project on campus. Learn about the many ways in which Iona and our students live out a commitment to sustainability, and “get your hands dirty” by helping to plant native species on our campus.
April 18, 10:30 a.m.
Gold Line Clinic and Tryouts, 4/25 & 5/8
Gold Line’s Dance Clinic is tailored to immerse you in the world of majorette and hip-hop dance! Meet the team, learn game day material and marching etiquette as well as two choreographed numbers. Stay for lunch and feel prepared for the tryout experience happening on May 8!
Gold Line Clinic, 4/25, 10 a.m.
Gold Line Tryouts, 5/9, 10 a.m.
Campus Visit Opportunities
Come to our campuses in New Rochelle and Bronxville and discover why so many call Gael Nation home. Meet with faculty and students, have a one-on-one meeting with an admissions counselor and more.
Campus Tours
Tours of our New Rochelle campus are currently being offered for prospective students and their families Monday-Friday and on most weekends.
Please pre-register as we are unable to accommodate walk-ins at this time.
Register for a Tour
High School Juniors
Iona's supportive community is especially strong at helping students navigate the ins-and-outs of the college search.
Join us for a special session where we address the specific questions and challenges you may have as a high school junior looking at colleges.
Register: Visits for Juniors
Specialized Visits
Experience Iona in-depth when you attend one of our many specialized visits. From academic spotlights to co-curricular interest groups and beyond, explore the many ways you can find your fit at Iona.
Spotlight Sessions
Join us for a deep dive into Iona University! Learn about majors and minors, our honors program, living on campus and more.
You'll also have the chance to explore the many ways you can get involved through clubs, sports and performing arts!
Spotlight Sessions
One-on-One Counselor Meeting
If you’ve already enjoyed a visit to one of Iona’s campuses, this personalized follow-up is the perfect opportunity to meet with a counselor one-on-one and have any of your remaining questions answered.
Schedule 1:1 Interview
Live Chats and Virtual Events
Can't make it in person? Join us for a live chat or at one of virtual events!
Live Chats
Join current Gaels for a Live Chat to get all your Gael Nation questions answered!
Register Now for a Live Chat
Virtual Campus Tour
Take a virtual tour of our beautiful New Rochelle campus, and experience virtually everything that makes Iona University so special!
View Virtual Tour
School Counselors
Whether you’re looking to bring prospective students on tour or are looking to connect and engage with our admissions team, we offer various opportunities for school counselors to explore Iona.
Group Tours For High School Students
Are you a School Counselor looking to book a group visit? Start here!
Book a Group Tour
Group Tours
Hotels in the Area
Closest to campus (1-2 miles)
Hotel NoMa (Trademark Collection by Wyndham)
Address
: 1 Radisson Plaza, New Rochelle, New York 10801
Phone
: Contact via Wyndham.com
Distance:
1.3 miles from Iona University
Features:
Boutique hotel, modern amenities
Learn More | Hotel NoMa
Holiday Inn Express New Rochelle
Address
: 43 Church Street, New Rochelle, NY 10801
Phone
: Contact via IHG.com or (877) 859-5095
Distance
: 1.3 miles from Iona University
Features
: Free breakfast, fitness center, business center
Learn more | Holiday Inn Express
Residence Inn by Marriott
Address
: 39 LeCount Place, New Rochelle, NY 10801
Phone
: (914) 636-7888
Distance
: 1.1 miles from Iona University
Features
: Extended stay suites, complimentary breakfast, free WiFi
Learn more | Residence Inn
NEARBY OPTIONS (3-5 miles)
Hampton Inn & Suites Yonkers - Westchester
Address
: 559 Tuckahoe Road, Yonkers, NY 10710
Phone
: Contact via Hilton.com or (914) 793-0088
Distance
: ~5 miles from Iona University
Features
: Indoor pool, fitness center, free breakfast, free parking, shuttle to Metro North
Learn more | Hampton Inn & Suites
Springhill Suites
Address
: Tuckahoe, NY
Distance
: 3.4 miles from Iona University
Features
: All-suite hotel, complimentary breakfast
Learn More | Springfield Suites
EXTENDED AREA (6-12 miles)
Hilton Garden Inn Dobbs Ferry
Phone
: (914) 591-4300
Distance
: ~12 miles from Iona University
Features
: Fitness center, shared lounge, restaurant
Learn more | Hilton Garden Inn