URL: https://www.iona.edu/visit-campus/graduate-campus-visits-tours-info-sessions
TITLE: Graduate Campus Visits, Tours & Info Sessions | Iona University

Accepted Students: Make Your Deposit
Secure your spot in the Class of 2030 and deposit today!
Make Your Deposit
Close
Graduate Campus Visits, Tours & Info Sessions
Whether you are hoping to advance in your current career or transition to a new one, our graduate programs in the School of Arts and Science, the LaPenta School of Business and the NewYork-Presbyterian Iona School of Nursing & Health Sciences will help you reach your destination.
Tour our campus, attend one of our graduate information sessions or join us at an open house to meet with an admissions team member and get the answers to all of your questions regarding our admissions process, graduate degrees, and certificate programs.
We look forward to seeing you on campus!
Graduate Admissions Events
Join us to learn more about how Iona University can help elevate your career! Meet with our graduate admissions team, have your questions answered, learn about career outcomes and more. Register today!
Virtual Info Sessions
Criminal Justice and Sports Communication & Media Programs
Healthcare Leadership & Innovation
Education and Psychology Programs
Nursing Programs
Social Work
Occupational Therapy
Marriage and Family Therapy
Mental Health Counseling
Communication Sciences and Disorders
Psychology & Counseling Virtual Open House
Campus Tours
Come tour our beautiful New Rochelle campus or stunning Bronxville campus, meet with a counselor and have your questions answered!
Contact
gradadmissions@iona.edu
today to schedule your tour.
Virtual Information Sessions
Join us for a virtual information session designed to give you an overview of Iona University’s graduate program offerings and campus experience.
Virtual Campus Tour
Take a virtual tour of our beautiful New Rochelle campus, and experience virtually everything that makes Iona University so special!
Contact Us
Meet Your Graduate Counselor
(800) 231-IONA
(914) 633-2502
Arts & Science and Health Sciences Programs:
gradadmissions@iona.edu
Business Programs:
lapentagrad@iona.edu