URL: https://www.bucknell.edu/admissions-aid/ive-been-admitted
TITLE: Admitted to Bucknell? Next Steps for New Students

I’ve Been Admitted
Congratulations, Class of 2030! If you've been admitted to Bucknell, it means you're highly qualified, both academically and personally, to become part of a 180-year tradition of transformative undergraduate education on one of the most beautiful campuses in the country.
On this page, we've collected information to prepare admitted students for their journey to Bucknell.
Check Your Application Portal and Confirm Your Enrollment
Please log in to
your application portal
to check your application status and view next steps, if any.
Your application portal is where you'll commit to Bucknell, pay your enrollment deposit and/or request a deposit waiver.
Learn About New Student Orientation
Our on-campus Orientation programs, held in August, focus on academic and social expectations, learning University traditions and providing opportunities for students to meet their new classmates.
Learn about Orientation
Claim Your Bucknell Email Account and View Your To-Do List
After you've enrolled, you'll be invited to set up your official Bucknell email account and gain access to your student dashboard. Visit the
Class of 2030 page
to find instructions for claiming your account as well as your onboarding To-Do List, where we've clearly outlined all of the steps you'll take in preparation to join us this fall.
View the To-Do List
Bertrand
Take a Closer Look at the First-year Experience
Start exploring
Arrow Icon
Dates to Know
January to June
After accepting their place in the class and submitting their enrollment deposit, students receive access to myBucknell, an online portal where course registration, housing questionnaire, meal plan selection and other important information will be available, including registration for Pre-Orientation programs. Visit this
page
to learn more about Pre-O.
The first-year newsletter is emailed to students and families each month.
Feb. 21
Enrolled Student Day
(for students admitted in Early Decision I who have paid their enrollment deposit and their families)
March 28 and April 18
Admitted Student Day
Choose from one of two identical events for students admitted in Regular Decision and their families, as well as any enrolled students who were unable to attend Enrolled Student Day.
June 15
Submit Official Test Scores
Students who chose to self-report scores, or chose not to submit test scores, on their application will be required to submit verified test scores if they have taken the ACT or SAT. This will allow the Office of Admissions to understand and assess its current pilot of the test-optional policy. Please know that, for test-optional applicants, submitting official scores after enrolling will not change your admission decision and will strictly be used for research purposes. Students who have never taken the SAT or ACT and do not have scores available are not required to submit a score and should email us at
appdocs@bucknell.edu
to let us know they've never taken the SAT or ACT.
Official scores must be received by June 15
. If you are not sure whether you have already submitted official test scores, please log in to your
application portal
and view your checklist.
June 30
Final Transcript Due
To complete your admission file, you are required to have your secondary school send a final transcript (when available) to the Office of Admissions through the Common Application or Coalition Application on Scoir, by mail, by fax to 570-577-3538 or by email to
appdocs@bucknell.edu
.
July
Residence hall room assignments available online and bills for the first semester available in B-bill (mid-July)
Aug. 12
Move-in and start for GC3: Global Connections, Cultures & Community (mandatory for all students on U.S. student visas)
Aug. 14
Move-in for
Pre-Orientation
participants and start of Pre-Orientation programs
Aug. 19
Move-in for all students and the first day of New Student Orientation
Aug. 24
Classes begin
Sept. 18–20
Family Weekend
Oct. 12–13
Fall Break
Oct. 16–17
Homecoming
Nov. 20–30
Thanksgiving recess (begins at 5 p.m. on Friday, Nov. 20; classes resume at 8 a.m. on Monday, Nov. 30)
Dec. 17
Last day of final exams
Find lodging in the local area
Checklist
Visit the Class of 2030 page
Start exploring
Arrow Icon
Have Questions About Financial Aid?
If you are a financial aid recipient and have questions, please feel free to contact our Office of Financial Aid. We welcome your questions and are here to help.
In person
: 621 St. George Street in Lewisburg
By email
:
finaid@bucknell.edu
On the phone
: 570-577-1331
Need to Defer Your Entrance to Bucknell?
A student may elect to defer enrollment for one or two years after being admitted. Requests must be submitted via
this form
any time between receipt of an offer of admission and June 1. A nonrefundable deposit will be required to hold this space.
Answers to Frequently Asked Questions
1. I've been admitted and want to explore financial assistance or scholarships. What can I do?
Plus Icon (Large)
Please contact our Office of Financial Aid at 570-577-1331 or
finaid@bucknell.edu
with any questions about financial aid or scholarships, or to speak with a counselor.
2. I haven't yet visited campus and would like to see Bucknell before making my decision. What do I do?
Plus Icon (Large)
Please go to our
Plan a Visit page
to find details on our current daily visit options. From there, you can get to our Schedule A Visit page, where you can register for available visit options.
We will also be hosting an Enrolled Student Day on Feb. 21 for students admitted in Early Decision I or II who have paid their enrollment deposit. Admitted Student Day programs will be held on March 28 and April 18 for students admitted in Regular Decision and those admitted in Early Decision who may be unable to attend Enrolled Student Day.
3. Who do I contact about transferring credits to Bucknell?
Plus Icon (Large)
Our Office of the Registrar will review all college-level course credits once you have been admitted to Bucknell.
To help gauge whether or not your credits might transfer, consider the following:
Was the course taken in a college setting and given by a professor?
Is it comparable to a course we currently offer here at Bucknell?
The closer the course is to Bucknell-level curriculum, the higher the chances are that the credits will transfer.
4. My family does not live within driving distance to Bucknell, so I'll need to fly during breaks. Do you offer shuttles to and from the nearest airport?
Plus Icon (Large)
Yes, and we're one of the few universities that does. You can find details on our shuttle service during university breaks — such as the beginning and end of each term, fall break, Thanksgiving break, and winter and spring breaks — on our
Shuttles for Breaks page
.
Please note that these shuttles are only for students, staff and faculty. We cannot shuttle family members or personal friends.
5. I really like Bucknell but, in the end, I want to make sure I get into the career field I’m interested in. Where can I get information on job opportunities for my major?
Plus Icon (Large)
Please see our
Bucknell Outcomes page
. Here you'll find our graduates' mean starting salary, a list of some of the companies that hire our students and a link to our full Post-Graduate Survey.
'Bucknell Bound' Yard Sign
Admission into Bucknell is good news worth sharing. Tell the neighborhood with your very own "Bucknell Bound" sign for your front yard. Simply download the file and take it to any local printer. The sign (24 inches wide by 18 inches tall) is designed to fit the specs for a standard yard sign.
View the Bucknell Printables
Contact Details
Office of Admissions
Location
One Dent Drive
Contact
570-577-3000
admissions@bucknell.edu
Hours
Monday – Friday:
8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Saturday:
Varies
Sunday:
Closed