URL: https://www.bucknell.edu/admissions-aid/tuition-fees-financial-aid/types-aid/bucknell-summer-session-financial-aid
TITLE: Bucknell Summer Session Financial Aid

Bucknell Summer Session Financial Aid
Summer aid is only available on the basis of demonstrated need through the Office of Financial Aid. To be eligible, you must be an undergraduate student receiving a Bucknell need-based grant for the immediately preceding fall/spring semesters. Bucknell merit aid is not offered in the summer. (Please be aware that the fall/spring Posse Scholarship is a leadership award, is not based on need and is not offered in the summer.)
Section Navigation
Triangle Icon
Opportunities for summer financial aid are limited. If awarded, aid will only offer partial funding toward tuition, so you will be responsible for the remainder of your costs, such as housing, books and incidentals. The majority of our need-based summer aid will be awarded to students who are required by their academic dean to attend Bucknell University courses on campus in the summer. We will have some aid available for students who are not required to attend.
Additional Details
If you are eligible, we will notify you when you can view your aid in Financial Aid Self Service in the same way you view fall and spring financial aid. (If you are not eligible for summer aid, we will notify you by email.)
If you have not borrowed all of your federal loan eligibility for the immediately preceding fall/spring semesters and are eligible to borrow for summer, please know this is still a resource for you. You must be enrolled in at least 1.5 summer credits to be eligible for federal student loans.
If you received the Federal Pell Grant in fall/spring, you may be eligible for a summer Pell Grant if you are enrolled in at least 1.5 summer credits.
Summer Aid is NOT Available in the Following Cases
For students who are not currently receiving a Bucknell need-based grant for the immediately preceding fall/spring semesters.
For students who have the option to complete summer study at a college or university nearer to their home.
For students who have graduated or are walking in the Commencement ceremony.