URL: https://www.bucknell.edu/admissions-aid/admissions-dates-deadlines
TITLE: Admissions Dates & Deadlines

Admissions Dates & Deadlines
Throughout your college search process, there will be lots of important information to keep track of. That's why we've compiled the most crucial Bucknell dates and deadlines in one place. Keep in mind that each school on your list might have different deadlines, so be sure to check back here often to ensure you're on track.
Section Navigation
Triangle Icon
Form
Learn about applying to Bucknell
Apply now
Arrow Icon
2025-26 Dates & Deadlines
Early Decision I
Date
Deadline
Additional Details
Nov. 1, 2025*
Early Decision I Deadline
Application, scholarship application, CSS Profile and FAFSA due
Early December
Early Decision I Decision Release
Look for an email with details about our release date and time, as well as instructions for accessing your decision
Mid-December
Early Decision I Enrollment Deposit Due
Log in to your Application Status Page to confirm your enrollment
Early Decision II
Date
Deadline
Additional Details
Jan. 10, 2026*
Early Decision II Deadline
Application, scholarship application, CSS Profile and FAFSA due
Mid-February
Early Decision II Decision Release
Look for an email with details about our release date and time, as well as instructions for accessing your decision
Late February
Early Decision II Enrollment Deposit Due
Log onto your Application Status Page to confirm your enrollment
Regular Decision
Date
Deadline
Additional Details
Jan. 10, 2026*
Regular Decision Deadline
Application, scholarship application, CSS Profile and FAFSA due
Mid-March
Regular Decision Decision Release
Look for an email with details about our release date and time, as well as instructions for accessing your decision
May 1, 2026
Regular Decision Enrollment Deposit Due
Log onto your Application Status Page to confirm your enrollment
All First Year Applicants
Date
Deadline
Additional Details
Aug. 1, 2025
Application Opens
Common Application and Coalition Application open
Oct. 1, 2025
Financial Aid Forms Become Available
The
CSS Profile
and
FAFSA
open for the 25-26 application cycle
May 5, 2026
Outstanding Financial Aid Documents Due
Any outstanding tax forms or verification documents due.
June 1, 2026
Deferral Requests Due
Requests to defer enrolment for one year due to Admissions
July 1, 2026
Official Test Scores Due**
Required for all enrolled students
July 1, 2026
Final High School Transcript Due
Official final high school transcripts for enrolling students due to Admissions
*These are new deadlines that will take effect for the 2025-26 application cycle.
**Students who chose to self-report scores, or chose not to submit test scores, on their application will be required to submit verified test scores if they have taken the ACT or SAT. This will allow the Office of Admissions to understand and assess its current pilot of the test-optional policy. Please know that, for test-optional applicants, submitting official scores after enrolling will not change your admission decision and will strictly be used for research purposes. Students who have never taken the SAT or ACT and do not have scores available are not required to submit a score and should email us at
appdocs@bucknell.edu
to let us know they've never taken the SAT or ACT. Official scores must be received by May 15. If you are not sure whether you have already submitted official test scores, please log in to your application portal and view your checklist.
Transfer Application Dates & Deadlines
Semester enrolling
Application available
Application deadline
Decisions available
Fall
Mid-August
March 15
Mid-May
Spring
Mid-August
Nov. 1
Mid-Dec.
Important Notes
If you are a US citizen or permanent resident applying for financial aid, the deadline for submitting the CSS Profile for Early Decision I is Nov. 1. For Early Decision II and Regular Decision, the deadline is Jan. 10. When you file the CSS Profile, you will receive an acknowledgment from the College Board that will serve as your confirmation. Bucknell will not be able to download your actual CSS Profile data into our system until late November.
International students interested in applying for financial aid should refer to our website for timeline details.
Contact Details
Office of Admissions
Location
One Dent Drive
Contact
570-577-3000
admissions@bucknell.edu
Hours
Monday – Friday:
8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Saturday:
Varies
Sunday:
Closed