URL: https://www.bucknell.edu/admissions-aid/tuition-fees-financial-aid/center-access-success
TITLE: Center for Access & Success

Cross Icon
Center for Access & Success
At Bucknell, we believe success encompasses far more than academic achievement. Thriving in college means growing through self-discovery, intellectual exploration and community bonds — and it begins with robust resources for enhancing student opportunities and experiences, both on campus and beyond.
The Center for Access & Success provides a cohesive system of support for students enrolled in Bucknell's five national and signature pathway scholarship programs. Accessible throughout all four years, this support includes personal, relationship-based mentoring designed to champion and advise students as they chart their unique educational paths.
Section Navigation
Triangle Icon
Qualifying Scholarship Programs
Bauer Scholars Program
Plus Icon (Large)
Need-based scholarships for highly qualified students who live or attend school in Baltimore City or Baltimore County, Md. This scholarship will meet the full demonstrated need of the student as determined by the Bucknell Office of Financial Aid.
Learn more about the Bauer Scholars Program
Bucknell Community College Scholars Program
Plus Icon (Large)
Financial aid and support for high-achieving, low- to moderate-income community college students who want to take their education beyond an associate's degree.
Learn more about Bucknell's Community College Scholars Program
Gateway Scholars Program
Plus Icon (Large)
Financial aid support for high-achieving, first-generation students who will have their demonstrated financial need met without loans.
Learn more about Bucknell's Gateway Scholars Program
Langone and Langone-Walling Scholarships
Plus Icon (Large)
Scholarship support for prospective students who have evidenced high integrity, loyalty and steadfast determination in their daily lives.
Learn more about Langone and Langone-Walling Scholarships
Posse Program
Plus Icon (Large)
A partnership with the Posse Foundation, a national college access and leadership program, to bring exceptional student leaders and scholars to our campus community.
Learn more about Posse
Scholarship Success Program
Plus Icon (Large)
Helps students identify and apply for external funding to supplement their Bucknell, state, and federal financial aid. We provide the tools and guidance to secure additional scholarship funding at every stage of the college journey.
Supportive Programming
The center's initiatives are designed to enrich the college experience and foster an environment where all students can thrive academically, personally and socially. Students will find resources and opportunities aimed at helping them succeed while promoting equity and belonging across campus.
First-generation Support
The center is home to several initiatives to help first-generation students thrive. GenFirst!@Bucknell empowers first-generation students through education, mentorship and community-building programs, while the annual First-Generation College Celebration fosters pride and raises awareness of students' contributions.
Learn more
Bucknell Access Grants
Students connected to the center can access transformative opportunities through Bucknell Access Grants. These donor-funded grants can support experiential learning (internships, research, study abroad, service-learning), academic and professional development (conferences, workshops, and certifications), and graduate school pathways (test fees, applications, and campus visits). The program helps ensure every Bucknellian has access to resources to achieve personal, academic and professional growth.
Meet one grant recipient
Access to Global Education
Designed to spark interest in global education, this series provides tools and advising to make study abroad a meaningful part of your Bucknell journey. Participants explore diverse program options, navigate financial aid, and manage the practical steps of international travel — including obtaining a passport. By participating, students develop the readiness and confidence to pursue global opportunities.
Go beyond Bucknell
Access to Career Advancement
This program boosts professional readiness with resources for exploring career interests, building skills, and preparing for internships and jobs. Through resume labs, workshops, and career fairs, scholars develop a competitive edge while engaging in targeted networking with Bucknell alumni. Whether attending alumni panels or participating in professional field trips, students build the connections and confidence to navigate the job market.
Chart your future
Meaningful Mentorship
College success is built on a foundation of strong relationships. Our mentorship programs pair students with dedicated faculty and staff who help them navigate the complexities of college life. By connecting with Access Mentors, Posse Mentors, BCCSP Summer Mentors, or GenFirst Mentors, scholars build a diverse community of support. These relationships provide collaborative spaces for scholars to achieve goals, solve problems and expand their networks.
The Axis Lounge
With community at its core, the center hosts the Axis Lounge where students gather to connect. The welcoming environment serves as a cornerstone of the center's efforts to support belonging at Bucknell. Events in the lounge also introduce students to important campus resources that can enrich their Bucknell experience.
“
The center's programs helped me feel at home. They opened my eyes to all Bucknell has to offer, helped me find my community and made me fall in love with the University.
”
—
Kaylin Reynolds ’27, English — creative writing
Bucknell Shield
We're committed to your success
Learn more
Arrow Icon
Contact Details
Center for Access & Success
Location
Taylor 105
Contact
570-577-2035
cas@bucknell.edu