URL: https://www.bucknell.edu/admissions-aid/tuition-fees-financial-aid/apply-financial-aid/financial-aid-transfer-students
TITLE: Financial Aid for Transfer Students | Bucknell University

Cross Icon
Financial Aid: Transfer Students
Deadline for Spring: Nov. 1
Deadline for Fall: March 15
Financial aid for transfer students is available, though Bucknell aid is limited. Merit scholarships are only available for incoming first-year students.
Admitted transfer students who have completed their financial aid applications will be notified of their financial aid eligibility before the enrollment deposit is due.
Note: It is extremely rare for international transfer students to be eligible to receive financial aid.
Section Navigation
Triangle Icon
Get in Touch With Our Team
At the Office of Financial Aid, we welcome your questions throughout your financial aid journey with Bucknell.
In person: 621 St. George Street
By email:
finaid@bucknell.edu
On the phone: 570-577-1331
Applying For Transfer to Bucknell for the Spring 2025-26 Academic Year
To apply for financial aid, students transferring to Bucknell University must:
Complete the 2025-26 College Scholarship Service (CSS) PROFILE at
student.collegeboard.org/profile
. CSS code: 2050
Complete the 2025-26 Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) at
fafsa.ed.gov
(required for all federal aid programs such as Federal Pell Grant, Federal Direct Loans and Federal Work-study). FAFSA code: 003238
Non-custodial parents must complete the non-custodial application, noted as Household B in the CSS Profile.
Submit to Bucknell's Office of Financial Aid a signed copy of all pages and schedules of your parents' 2023 federal tax return (only federal — not state or local) and copies of parents' W-2 forms from 2023.
Submit all documents by mail, fax or by
uploading them
by Nov. 1.
If you are admitted and decide to enroll, we will notify you by email if other tax or verification documents are required.
Admitted transfer students who have completed their financial aid applications will be notified of their financial aid eligibility before the enrollment deposit is due.
Applying For Transfer to Bucknell for the Fall 2026-27 Academic Year
To apply for financial aid, students transferring to Bucknell University must:
Complete the 2026-27 College Scholarship Service (CSS) PROFILE at
student.collegeboard.org/profile
. CSS code: 2050
Complete the 2026-27 Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) at
fafsa.ed.gov
(required for all federal aid programs such as Federal Pell Grant, Federal Direct Loans and Federal Work-study). FAFSA code: 003238
Non-custodial parents must complete the non-custodial application, noted as Household B in the CSS Profile.
Submit to Bucknell's Office of Financial Aid a signed copy of all pages and schedules of your parents' 2024 federal tax return (only federal — not state or local) and copies of parents' W-2 forms from 2024.
Submit all documents by mail, fax or by
uploading them
by March 15.
To complete a CSS Profile application, you need a College Board student account. If you need to complete the CSS Profile as a parent (or as a non-custodial parent), you still need to create and use a student account.
Account creation step-by-step:
Go to cssprofile.org
Click the "Sign In to" button for the appropriate application award year.
Click "Create Account" under "Don’t have an account?"
Create your account using your (the parent's) information, not the student’s information.
Once you have created your account and are completing the CSS Profile application, be careful to answer student sections with the student’s information and parent sections with the parent’s information.
If you are admitted and decide to enroll, we will notify you by email if other tax or verification documents are required.
Admitted transfer students who have completed their financial aid applications will be notified of their financial aid eligibility before the enrollment deposit is due.
Application Deadlines
Semester enrolling
Application deadline
Decisions available
Fall
March 15
Mid-May
Spring
Nov. 1
Mid-December
Contact Details
Financial Aid
Location
621 St. George Street
Contact
Phone:
570-577-1331
Fax:
570-577-1481
finaid@bucknell.edu