URL: https://www.bucknell.edu/admissions-aid/virtual-welcome-center
TITLE: Virtual Welcome Center

Personalize your Custom Viewbook in seconds.
Minimize call-to-action button
Expand call-to-action button
Close X
Cross Icon
Virtual Welcome Center
Welcome to Bucknell's Virtual Welcome Center. We are glad you're here and thank you for taking a closer look at Bucknell.
We know nothing replaces the magic of walking through our picturesque campus, exploring our engaging learning spaces and meeting face to face with our innovative professors. But until you're ready to visit in person, we've built this Virtual Welcome Center so you can explore Bucknell — anytime, anywhere.
Think of it as our Admissions lobby, right on your screen. On this page, you'll find:
The same collection of informative Admissions materials found in our actual lobby, digitized for your convenience
Some of our favorite Bucknell videos
Photo galleries of campus and student events
Section Navigation
Triangle Icon
Learn about in-person and virtual visits
Explore the options
Arrow Icon
An Intro to Bucknell: Video Preview Session
Admissions Materials: An Overview of Bucknell
Tell us what you'd like to know, and we'll build a viewbook just for you
Custom Viewbook
A detailed breakdown of Bucknell's most recent class
Class of 2029 Profile
All the ways we empower students to thrive outside of the classroom.
The Bucknell Community
Admissions Materials: College-specific Brochures
An in-depth look at our most popular college
College of Arts & Sciences
A guide to our nationally ranked engineering programs
College of Engineering
An overview of our top-tier management programs
Freeman College of Management
Admissions Materials: A Deeper Dive Into Bucknell
Information for international students who are curious about Bucknell
International Student Guide
A deep (but fascinating) statistical dive into the lives of recent Bucknell grads
Outcomes report
Inside Bucknell's personal approach to Financial Aid.
Finance Your Future
Picture Yourself Here
Virtual Campus Tour
Get a 360-degree view of Bucknell — from wherever you are. Our interactive virtual tour immerses you in the innovative spaces and beautiful surroundings that make our historic campus unique.
Start exploring
Arrow Icon
Meet a Student Ambassador
Our student ambassadors represent all three colleges, a dozen different states and a range of student groups and organizations. They're ready to answer your questions about Bucknell.
To contact a student with your questions about Bucknell, email
askastudent@bucknell.edu
.
Admissions Advice, in a Podcast
Listen to
College Admissions Insider
, the podcast that delivers helpful strategies for each stage of your college search. Guests include experts in Bucknell's Office of Admissions, but the advice is designed for students interested in any school. New episodes drop every two weeks. Available everywhere you listen to podcasts.
Listen now
Questions about Bucknell Admissions?
Review our FAQs
Arrow Icon
Take a Look at Bucknell Athletics
Join the Conversation on Social Media
Stunning images from our gorgeous campus.
@BUCKNELLU
A communal place to share stories, photos and events.
@BUCKNELLU
Up-to-the-second campus news and info.
@BUCKNELLU
The unfiltered story, straight from our students.
@IAMRAYBUCKNELL