URL: https://www.bucknell.edu/admissions-aid/tuition-fees-financial-aid/information-about-tuition-fees
TITLE: Tuition & Fees

Information About Tuition & Fees
B-bill
, Bucknell's official billing method, allows individuals and their authorized users to view account statements, make payments and manage their account.
It's a secure, convenient and reliable alternative to paper bills. Below, find additional information about B-bill, including using it to pay for tuition, fees and other charges.
If you have additional questions, please contact:
Bursar Services
108 Marts Hall
570-577-3733
bursar@bucknell.edu
Section Navigation
Triangle Icon
Cost Breakdown for 2026-27
Graduation
Tuition
:
$
72,600
$72,600
Home
Housing
:
$
11,400
$11,400
Dining Icon
Approximate Meal Plan Cost
:
$
6,980
$6,980
Bike
Activity Fee
:
$
900
$900
Total comprehensive cost*
:
$
91,880
Average Total Need-Based Package†
:
$
58,500
*Represents fees before financial aid and grants. Keep in mind that this comprehensive fee may not represent the true cost to your family. For the 2026-27 academic year, the cost of attendance budget is $95,648, which includes the direct charges listed above plus an allowance of $900 for books, course materials, supplies and equipment, $2,800 for personal and travel expenses and $68 for loan fees, if borrowing.
†Represents the average total need-based package for a student who demonstrates financial need (based on data from the previous incoming class). A total need-based aid award can include a combination of Bucknell need-based grant funding, federal grants, state grants, federal work-study and a federal subsidized student loan. We evaluate income, untaxed income, assets and other family information from both the custodial and non-custodial parents to determine financial aid eligibility.
Other Fees and Charges
(if applicable)
Please direct questions about these fees and charges to the Bursar's Office at 570-577-3733 or
bursar@bucknell.edu
.
Orientation fee: $500 one time only
International Orientation fee: $750 one time only
The following fees are by specific request only:
Audit fee (nonrefundable): $300 per course
Credit by examination (nonrefundable): $500 per course
Private music lessons (nonrefundable): $625 per semester
Single-course rate (subject to tuition refund policy): $6,600 (part-time students only)
Beginning fall 2026, there will be a course overload fee (for students taking more than 5.5 credits in a semester): $6,600 per credit (prorated for courses under one credit)
Fees are subject to change without notice. Some academic departments may charge fees or require deposits separate from those listed here.
Continue Exploring
Learn how we recognize talented students through competitive merit scholarships.
SCHOLARSHIPS
Follow recent graduates to see how your investment in Bucknell will pay off.
OUTCOMES
Paying Tuition & Fees
Paying Tuition and Fees
Plus Icon (Large)
The first fall semester B-bill will be available around July 9, 2025, and a payment is due on or before Aug. 8, 2025.  The first spring semester B-bill will be available around Dec. 9, 2025, and payment is due on or before Jan. 9, 2026.
Payments can be made within B-bill, in person or sent to Bursar Services. The University will not accept post-dated checks or credit cards for payment.
For first-year students, the first-semester bill will typically include the following fees: tuition, student activities fee, orientation fee, room and board. Your admissions deposit will be posted in B-bill and reflected on your first B-bill as a credit.
For other students, the bill may vary according to room and board options selected.
Scholarships and loans awarded by the University will appear as credits on the B-bill. Scholarships or loans awarded by other agencies may be deducted from the B-bill amount due and the remaining balance paid to the University. Please note that Bucknell may charge a late fee of 1% of the unpaid balance each billing period for accounts with outstanding balances due to nonreceipt of scholarships or loans.
Late Payments and Penalties
Plus Icon (Large)
No student will be enrolled or graduated, and no student will be issued a transcript of record, until all accounts have been paid or satisfactory arrangements have been made with Bursar Services.
Payments must be made by the due date, or the account is subject to a late fee of 1% of the outstanding balance will be assessed each billing period until the account is satisfied.
A past-due balance may result in the suspension of Bucknell charging privileges. The charge privileges will not be reinstated until the account is satisfied.
A penalty fee of $25 will be charged for any insufficient fund payment made by check or automated clearing house.
If your account is forwarded to our collection agency, you will also be responsible for paying any collection fees associated with the collection of this debt.
Paying for Abroad and Off-campus Study
Plus Icon (Large)
All Bucknell students who are studying off-campus will be responsible for paying the cost of Bucknell tuition for that semester, regardless of their chosen off-campus study program or provider. In addition to the cost of Bucknell tuition, students are also responsible for all nontuition costs associated with their chosen program, such as books, application and deposit fees, travel, etc.
Off-campus "Bucknell Approved" Programs
Participation in a "Bucknell approved provider" program will require payment of all nontuition fees directly to program providers. These fees may include: visa, passport, room, board, transportation, application fees, deposits, etc. Payment amounts and due dates for these fees are based solely on third party providers and they are not the responsibility of Bucknell University.
Any student who withdraws from a "Bucknell approved" program and does not return to the University in the same semester will be subject to the University's refund policy as printed in the
Course Catalog
. Any unrecoverable tuition charges paid to the off-campus study program (check the program's tuition refund policy carefully) will appear as a separate charge on the student account.
Any student who withdraws from a "Bucknell approved" program and returns to the University in the same semester will be charged separately for any unrecoverable tuition charges paid to the program (check the program's tuition refund policy), in addition to the Bucknell tuition. For nontuition expenses, the specific program's refund policy will apply. Please also be aware that financial aid cannot be increased to cover these unrecoverable charges.
Off-campus "Bucknell in" Programs
Additional costs associated with "Bucknell in" programs (Bucknell in London, Bucknell en France, Bucknell in D.C., etc.) vary, based upon program and location. Additional fees may include: visa, passport, transportation, room, board, etc. Students participating in these programs will pay fees directly to Bucknell University, based on the University scheduled due dates.
Any student who withdraws from a "Bucknell in" program and does not return to the University in the same semester will be subject to the University's refund policy as printed in the
Course Catalog
. Because the "Bucknell in" programs include airfare, excursions and other program-related expenses, unrecoverable costs for these additional expenses will be the responsibility of the student and will appear as a separate charge on the student account.
Any student who withdraws from a "Bucknell in" program and returns to the University in the same semester will be charged separately for the unrecoverable costs of the program, in addition to the Bucknell tuition. Please also be aware that financial aid cannot be increased to cover these unrecoverable charges.
For questions regarding the financial policies of off-campus study, please contact the Office of Global & Off-campus Education.
Office of Global & Off-campus Education
Botany Building, Ground Floor
570-577-3796
globaled@bucknell.edu
Bookstore Charges
Plus Icon (Large)
All full-time students may charge purchases at Barnes & Noble at Bucknell University. Charges for these purchases will be added to the account of each student. Students also have the option to use Campus Dollars to pay for purchases.
Fraternity and Sorority Charges
Plus Icon (Large)
Each fraternity is provided the opportunity to bill its members for room (if living in a non-University-owned facility), meal plan and chapter dues through B-bill. Each sorority is provided the opportunity to bill its members for chapter dues through B-bill. If your student's fraternity or sorority elects to use this service, your student will sign a billing card authorizing the organization's charges to be posted on their University bill. Questions regarding the charge(s) should be addressed to the treasurer of the fraternity or sorority, or the Dean of Students office at
deanofstudents@bucknell.edu
.
Residence Hall Damage Charges
Plus Icon (Large)
The University holds resident students responsible for any unassigned loss, damage, repair or replacement of the furnishings, door, windows, walls and the condition of the room during the term of occupancy.
Furthermore, because living in a University residence is a privilege accompanied by certain responsibilities associated with community living, resident students assume responsibility for unassigned loss or damage to any property in the public area (lounges, hallways, bathrooms, etc.) within the community. At times, if a responsible party is not identified, damage charges may be assessed to all residents of a floor, wing, apartment or building. Individual room damages and unassigned damage occurring in communal areas are posted on a resident's B-bill at the conclusion of each semester.
Refunds and Credits
Plus Icon (Large)
Policies regarding refunds and credits for tuition, room and board can be found on the
financial policies
page.
Contact Details
Bursar Services
Location
One Dent Drive
108 Marts Hall
Contact
570-577-3733
bursar@bucknell.edu