URL: https://www.bucknell.edu/admissions-aid/tuition-fees-financial-aid/scholarship-programs
TITLE: Scholarship Programs

Cross Icon
Scholarship Programs
Bucknell University's merit awarding process is comprehensive, holistic and extremely competitive. We're looking for students who have extraordinary academic records and show promise that their talents will enrich our highly personal, transformative learning environment.
Some merit scholarships require students to submit a separate application, alongside their application for admission. The deadline for the scholarship application is the same as the student's Bucknell application deadline.
Merit scholarships are awarded at the time of admission and are only available for incoming first-year students. They are renewable for a maximum of eight fall/spring semesters as long as students continue to meet the requirements of each program. We are not able to award multiple academic scholarships to students. Most funding is awarded to students who have demonstrated institutional need as determined by Bucknell's Office of Financial Aid, but a limited amount will also be awarded to those who do not have financial need or do not apply for aid.
To be considered for merit scholarships, please read the description(s) below to ensure you meet the criteria prior to applying.
Bucknell Scholarship Deadlines
Scholarship applications open each fall and can be submitted any time until the deadline. Your scholarship application deadline is dependent on your application round:
Early Decision I: Nov. 1
Early Decision II: Jan. 10
Regular Decision: Jan. 10
Scholarship recipients will generally receive notifications along with their admissions decisions.
The scholarship application for the Class of 2030 will be available Aug. 1, 2025.
Section Navigation
Triangle Icon
Checklist
Access the Class of 2030 Scholarship Application
Apply now
Arrow Icon
Scholarship Application Required
To be considered for these scholarships, students must apply via the Bucknell scholarship application or a program-specific application. Click a program below to learn more.
Arts Merit Scholarships
Plus Icon (Large)
Annual award to selected first-year students (awards range from $2,500 to $20,000) who plan to pursue studies in art & art history, creative writing, dance, film/media studies, literary studies, music (major or non-major) or theatre (performance or design and technology).
The scholarship application for the Class of 2029 is now closed. Check back in August for the application for the Class of 2030.
Learn more about Arts Merit Scholarships
Bucknell Community College Scholars Program
Plus Icon (Large)
Financial aid and support for high-achieving, low- to moderate-income community college students who want to take their education beyond an associate's degree.
Learn more about Bucknell's Community College Scholars Program
Bucknell Community Engagement Scholars Program
Plus Icon (Large)
$20,000 annually to students who have distinguished themselves as public-service leaders in their home communities, and who show promise to contribute to the University's strong service culture during their academic careers.
Learn more about our Community Engagement Scholars Program
Mathematics Scholars Program
Plus Icon (Large)
$20,000 annually to applicants majoring in mathematics who demonstrate superior academic performance.
Learn more about Bucknell's Mathematics Scholars Program
PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) Scholarships
Plus Icon (Large)
$20,000 annually for outstanding accounting or business analytics applicants.
Learn more about PwC Scholarships
Tools for Tomorrow Founder's Scholarship
Plus Icon (Large)
Covers the annual cost of attendance for students who are Home Depot associates, or the child or grandchild of an associate.
Learn more about the Tools for Tomorrow Founder's Scholarship
No Scholarship Application Required
These scholarships do not require students to submit the Bucknell scholarship application. To be considered, students need only apply for admission to Bucknell. Recipients must meet the University's admissions requirements.
Bauer Scholars Program
Plus Icon (Large)
Need-based scholarships for highly qualified students who live or attend school in Baltimore City or Baltimore County, Md. This scholarship will meet the full demonstrated need of the student as determined by the Bucknell Office of Financial Aid.
Learn more about the Bauer Scholars Program
Dean's Scholarships
Plus Icon (Large)
$20,000 annually to prospective students with outstanding academic profiles highlighting a very rigorous curriculum, superior grades, and a commitment to school and civic engagement.
Learn more about Dean's Scholarships
Engineering Merit Scholars Program
Plus Icon (Large)
One of the University's highest awards, which grants a $40,000 annual scholarship to high-achieving, intellectually curious students in the College of Engineering.
Learn more about Engineering Merit Scholars Program
Gamgort Family Gateway Scholars Program
Plus Icon (Large)
Financial aid support for high-achieving, first-generation students, who will have their demonstrated financial need met without loans.
Learn more about Bucknell's Gamgort Family Gateway Scholars Program
Langone and Langone-Walling Scholarships
Plus Icon (Large)
Scholarship support for prospective students who have evidenced high integrity, loyalty and steadfast determination in their daily lives.
Learn more about Langone and Langone-Walling Scholarships
Malesardi Arts & Sciences Merit Scholarship Program
Plus Icon (Large)
One of the University's highest awards, which grants a $40,000 annual scholarship to high-achieving, intellectually curious students majoring in the College of Arts & Sciences.
Learn more about Malesardi Arts & Sciences Merit Scholarship Program
Management Merit Scholars Program
Plus Icon (Large)
One of the University's highest awards, which grants a $40,000 to high-achieving, intellectually curious students majoring within the Freeman College of Management.
Learn more about Management Merit Scholars Program
Presidential Fellowship Program
Plus Icon (Large)
Presidential Fellowships award a $30,000 annual merit scholarship renewable over four years.
Please note:
Bucknell's Presidential Fellowship awards will conclude with the Class of 2028. Presidential Fellowships have been be replaced with new merit scholarships in each of our three colleges (Arts & Sciences, Engineering and the Freeman College of Management), available beginning with the Class of 2029.
Presidential Fellows in the Classes of 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028 will retain their Presidential Fellowship awards and continue in the program.
Partner Scholarship Programs
These scholarships are provided through outside programs in partnership with Bucknell. To be considered, students must apply via a separate non-Bucknell application. Click a program below to learn more.
National Merit Scholarship Program
Plus Icon (Large)
If the National Merit Scholarship Corporation names you as a National Merit Finalist, and you select Bucknell as your first choice institution with National Merit before May 31, then you will receive a renewable National Merit Scholarship of $2,000. This is subject to the outside scholarship/total gift aid policy.
Please note, it is possible that a student could receive a corporate-sponsored National Merit award for more than $2,000, but $2,000 is the most common amount. It is also possible that a student will receive a one year, non-renewable award.
Learn more about the National Merit Scholarship Program
Posse Program
Plus Icon (Large)
A partnership with the
Posse Foundation
, college access and leadership program, to bring exceptional student leaders and scholars to our campus community.
Learn more about Posse
ROTC Scholarships
Plus Icon (Large)
Two-, three- or four-year Army ROTC Scholarships in exchange for students' commitment to the program and commissioning as an officer in the U.S. Army, Army Reserves or National Guard. Recipients may also receive room and board as well as stipends for books and other expenses.
Learn more about ROTC at Bucknell