URL: https://www.bucknell.edu/admissions-aid/tuition-fees-financial-aid/apply-financial-aid/current-students-apply-aid
TITLE: Financial Aid for Current Students at Bucknell University

Cross Icon
Current Students Apply for Aid
Bucknell students must reapply for aid each year during their time at Bucknell. Deadline to reapply is Feb. 15.
You'll apply for need-based aid each year at Bucknell. During the fall semester, we'll send you and your family helpful information on how to apply for aid for the following academic year.
Whether your financial aid eligibility has changed or you expect to receive the same aid package as last year, don't hesitate to reach out to the Office of Financial Aid with any questions you might have.
Contact us at 570-577-1331 or
finaid@bucknell.edu
.
Section Navigation
Triangle Icon
Current Students: Re-apply for Aid for the Following Academic Year
Submit all documents by mail, fax or by
uploading them
by Feb. 15.
You can monitor any missing documents on the Home tab of Financial Aid Self Service in
myBucknell
.
Because of the large volume of mail we receive during the processing season, it may take several days before we have entered your documents into Financial Aid Self Service. When monitoring Financial Aid Self Service, please be sure to allow several days for both mail time and data entry. Students who have completed their financial aid files on time will receive emails in mid-June instructing them how to view their financial aid packages on Financial Aid Self Service.
Late applicants whose files are not complete by May 1 will receive a reduction to their Bucknell Need-Based Grant.
Get in Touch With Our Team
At the Office of Financial Aid, we welcome your questions throughout your financial aid journey with Bucknell.
In person: 621 St. George Street
By email:
finaid@bucknell.edu
On the phone: 570-577-1331
Steps to apply for financial aid
Step 1
:
Complete the 2026-27 Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) Form
Plus Icon (Large)
The FAFSA is a required federal form for federal financial aid programs. The application is open.
Please complete the FAFSA at
studentaid.gov
Submission deadline
: Feb. 15
Bucknell's FAFSA code
: 003238
How to fill out your FAFSA
If you do not receive an email from the Department of Education within 72 hours confirming that you have correctly submitted the FAFSA, resubmit the form. If there are problems with your FAFSA submission, the Department of Education will contact you by email or letter.
The FAFSA will collect income information from 2024.
One of the new features of FAFSA Simplification is a streamlined method created by the Department of Education to pull tax data directly from the IRS into the FAFSA.  FTI (Federal Taxpayer Information) will be sent directly from the IRS to the Department of Education and into the FAFSA by way of the FADDX (Future Act Direct Data Exchange) rather than applicants using the IRS DRT (Data Retrieval Tool) which was used in previous years.  Please be aware that all contributors to the FAFSA must give consent for their tax information to be shared via FADDX or their FAFSA will be rejected.
If this is your first time applying for Bucknell need-based aid, the CSS Profile must also be completed. You can find it at
student.collegeboard.org/profile
. The CSS code for Bucknell is 2050.
Step 2
:
Submit 2024 Parent Federal Tax Returns and W2s
Plus Icon (Large)
Submit the 2024 parent federal tax return. Please make sure the tax return is
signed and dated
and include schedules 1, 2, 3, C, SE, and K1, if applicable.
Print clearly the student's name and Bucknell University ID number on all documents.
Attach all W-2 and 1099 forms from 2024.
Tax Extensions
: The previous year's tax return should have been filed; however, if your parents still have a filing extension, you will still be required to submit the tax return to us after it is filed, as your financial aid will not be determined or processed until we receive a copy of the actual filed tax return.
Non-filers of Federal Tax Returns from previous years
: Parents who are not required to file a federal tax return should indicate their non-filing status by checking the appropriate box on the Bucknell University Financial Aid Data Form. Be sure to complete the untaxed income section on the application. If your parent(s) worked, they will need to submit copies of all W-2 forms.
Step 3
:
Complete the Student Disclosure Survey
Plus Icon (Large)
Deadline: August 15
Financial Aid at Bucknell University is made possible through donations to the University from a diverse group of alumni, parents, and friends, as well as foundations and other organizations. Much of this aid comes from named endowed or annual funds which help Bucknell offer generous financial aid packages. In many cases, a donor's only restriction when they made their gift to Bucknell was that it provide financial aid to eligible students. However, some donors ask that their named endowed or annual funds support students who also have specific academic, extracurricular or career interests.
The Stewardship & Donor Relations Office, working closely with the Office of Financial Aid, reviews the information provided on the Student Disclosure Survey (linked below) to determine students who qualify for one of Bucknell's named endowed or annual funds.
This information is critical for staff to understand student interests, activities and goals.
A student selected for a named endowed or annual fund best fits the intent of the fund. Students who participate in this program often form life-long connections and gain valuable networking opportunities with their named fund supporters, many of whom also received support while they were at Bucknell. If you are interested, we may provide an opportunity to connect students with the named or endowed fund supporters, either through written communication, or in-person and virtual events.
Please know that receiving a named endowed or annual fund does not increase the total amount of Bucknell aid that a student receives. Instead, the named fund replaces some or all of the Bucknell aid.
Upperclass Student Disclosure Survey
Frequently Asked Questions
What if I’m selected for federal verification as indicated on the FAFSA?
Plus Icon (Large)
If you are selected for federal verification as indicated on the FAFSA, you will need to submit additional documentation in order for your file to be complete.
Please log in to myBucknell, locate 'Financial Aid Self-Service' under Webtools for Students, click on 'Financial Aid Self-Service' and review your requirements on the Home tab.
What if I did not borrow a Federal Direct Loan in the previous academic year, but I plan to do so now?
Plus Icon (Large)
Go to
studentaid.gov
to complete the three requirements below:
Entrance Counseling
Master Promissory Note (MPN)
Complete the Annual Student Loan Acknowledgement
You will need to create an account if you don't have one already.
What if my parents plan to borrow a Federal Direct Parent Loan for Undergraduate Students (PLUS) for the next academic year?
Plus Icon (Large)
Please do not complete the Federal Direct PLUS Loan information until May/June.
Federal regulations require that you complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) before your parents may borrow a PLUS loan. Please refer to the loans section under the
Types of Aid
page.
Contact Details
Financial Aid
Location
621 St. George Street
Contact
Phone:
570-577-1331
Fax:
570-577-1481
finaid@bucknell.edu