URL: https://www.bucknell.edu/admissions-aid/apply-bucknell
TITLE: Apply to Bucknell

Apply to Bucknell University
An application to Bucknell is an application to a new kind of education — one where learning isn't limited to a classroom and investigation is encouraged. Where your classmates are more than people in a classroom — they are your companions on a quest to discover new truths and invent new possibilities.
At Bucknell University, you can become the most brilliant, most adventurous, most authentic you.
Deadlines
Early Decision I: Nov. 1
Early Decision II & Regular Decision: Jan. 10
For more information about admissions dates and deadlines
Applications are due at 11:59 p.m. in your local time zone on the dates indicated above.
Application Fee
Bucknell's application fee is $50. This nonrefundable fee is paid electronically through the
Coalition Application
(powered by Scoir) or
Common Application
website.
If the application fee is a barrier to applying, and you do not meet the qualifications below, we encourage you to see if you may qualify for a fee waiver through the Common Application, Coalition Application or
College Board
.
Lastly, if you don't qualify through one of those options, but still feel that the fee is a barrier to applying, please email us at
appdocs@bucknell.edu
and we will review your request.
Fee Waivers for Visitors
Plus Icon (Large)
Students can also receive a Bucknell fee waiver by visiting campus. Qualifying visits include attending a:
Campus Visit
Open House
College Admissions Workshop
(for Bucknell alumni, faculty and staff families)
Self-Guided Tour
(If you complete our self-guided tour while on campus, please stop by the Office of Admissions to fill out an inquiry card in order to qualify for an application fee waiver.)
Fee waivers also apply to students who apply for and attend a:
Chemistry Camp
Engineering Camp
Journey to Bucknell
Bucknell Academy Summer Experience
To redeem your Bucknell fee waiver simply choose "Bucknell Fee Waiver" in the Bucknell Member Section of the
Common Application
or the
Coalition Application
(powered by Scoir). If you forgot to select "Bucknell Fee Waiver" and paid a fee at the time of application submission, please reach out to
admissions@bucknell.edu
to alert our team and we will review your request for a refund.
Enrollment Deposit
New students are required to make a nonrefundable deposit of $500 after they have been admitted to Bucknell. This deposit is credited to the student's first-semester billing.
Deadline Extensions Available
Our thoughts are with families affected by recent disasters and civil unrest around the world.
To help remove some concerns for students in these areas, Bucknell will offer an application deadline extension, as well as an application fee waiver.
For applicants with internet access who are able to do so, please email
admissions@bucknell.edu
for assistance. For those without internet access at this time, we will continue to accept applications after our deadline.
We are here to help.
Scholarships
Through our robust merit scholarship program, we invest in students who are talented, inquisitive and equipped to make the next big breakthrough. In order to be considered for a merit scholarship, you must apply using the scholarship application.
Learn more and apply
Financial Aid
If college costs are a consideration for your family, we invite you to apply for need-based aid at the same time you apply for admission.
Learn more about financial aid
Note to Applicants
Bucknell University reserves the right to evaluate an application and make a final decision, even if all parts of the application have not been received. Bucknell University may be required to report incidents of abuse that are disclosed in applications.
STATEMENT ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE:
Tools like ChatGPT and other AI-based programs are making a significant impact on society and various industries. We believe that these tools can help you generate ideas for your application, but ultimately everything you submit as part of your application to Bucknell should be your own. You should not copy and paste content into your application that you did not create. If you choose to utilize AI–based programs, we encourage you to rely on them as you would a teacher, family member or friend — for brainstorming, editing and honing your work.
Bucknell Shield
Undergraduate admission requirements
See them all
Arrow Icon
Tips for Applying to Bucknell
Admission to Bucknell is based on more than the traditional data points like test scores and GPA — we seek students who are engaged in the world around them and passionately in pursuit of their own distinct purpose.
In your college essays and throughout your application, we urge you to tell us your story: What drives you? What motivates you? What makes you excited to wake up in the morning?
More tips for writing a strong application essay
Follow these helpful tips to make sure your application is as strong as possible:
SAT Subject Tests
are not required, though they will be considered if provided.
You need
at least two years of one foreign language in high school
to be admitted (note: sign language counts as a foreign language).
We require
at least two-and-a-half years of college-preparatory mathematics & statistics
for admission.
We do not interview prospective students
, but we do want to meet you! A
campus visit
, either virtual or in person, is your best opportunity to get a feel for our campus community.
Be yourself!
We look forward to meeting you through your application.
Checklist
How to check your application status
See what's next
Arrow Icon
Early Decision I & Early Decision II
Bucknell's Early Decision I and Early Decision II programs are binding.
As an Early Decision applicant, you'll receive one of the following three outcomes (by mid-December for EDI or by mid-February for EDII):
You are admitted into Bucknell
. You are obligated to accept our offer of admission, meaning that if you've applied to other colleges and universities, you'll need to withdraw your candidacy from those schools.
Your application is moved to Regular Decision consideration
. You are no longer bound by the Early Decision binding agreement. We'll post our final decision to your online application portal on or before April 1. We encourage you to inform us of any new academic, extracurricular or personal achievements that might help us with the decision. Please share those materials by emailing them to
appdocs@bucknell.edu
.
Your application has been denied
. You cannot re-apply to Bucknell until the next academic cycle. Your application will not be given Regular Decision consideration.
Early Decision Agreement Forms
We prefer that you submit your Early Decision Agreement Form at the same time your application is submitted using the forms available through the Coalition App and Common App.
If you decide after submitting your Regular Decision application to Bucknell that you would like to change to Early Decision I or II, you may use either the Common Application ED Agreement or the Coalition Application ED Agreement, linked below.
Coalition App ED Agreement
Common App ED Agreement
Checklist
AP exams: See whether your scores qualify for Bucknell credit
Learn more
Arrow Icon
Contact Details
Office of Admissions
Location
One Dent Drive
Contact
570-577-3000
admissions@bucknell.edu
Hours
Monday – Friday:
8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Saturday:
Varies
Sunday:
Closed