URL: https://www.bucknell.edu/admissions-aid
TITLE: Admissions & Financial Aid Information — Bucknell University

Admissions & Aid
Amazing things happen when brilliant minds unite.
At Bucknell, we empower students to make the most of their ideas through hands-on education and intentional collaboration.
We're looking for students with the curiosity to pose creative questions, the boldness to venture into the unknown to discover the answers and the drive to make a world-changing impact — together.
Apply to Bucknell
Plan a campus visit
Join our mailing list
Virtual Welcome Center
Section Navigation
Triangle Icon
2025-26 Dates & Deadlines
Early Decision I
Date
Deadline
Additional Details
Nov. 1, 2025*
Early Decision I Deadline
Application, scholarship application, CSS Profile and FAFSA due
Early December
Early Decision I Decision Release
Look for an email with details about our release date and time, as well as instructions for accessing your decision
Mid-December
Early Decision I Enrollment Deposit Due
Log in to your Application Status Page to confirm your enrollment
Early Decision II
Date
Deadline
Additional Details
Jan. 10, 2026*
Early Decision II Deadline
Application, scholarship application, CSS Profile and FAFSA due
Mid-February
Early Decision II Decision Release
Look for an email with details about our release date and time, as well as instructions for accessing your decision
Late February
Early Decision II Enrollment Deposit Due
Log onto your Application Status Page to confirm your enrollment
Regular Decision
Date
Deadline
Additional Details
Jan. 10, 2026*
Regular Decision Deadline
Application, scholarship application, CSS Profile and FAFSA due
Mid-March
Regular Decision Decision Release
Look for an email with details about our release date and time, as well as instructions for accessing your decision
May 1, 2026
Regular Decision Enrollment Deposit Due
Log onto your Application Status Page to confirm your enrollment
All First Year Applicants
Date
Deadline
Additional Details
Aug. 1, 2025
Application Opens
Common Application and Coalition Application open
Oct. 1, 2025
Financial Aid Forms Become Available
The
CSS Profile
and
FAFSA
open for the 25-26 application cycle
May 5, 2026
Outstanding Financial Aid Documents Due
Any outstanding tax forms or verification documents due.
June 1, 2026
Deferral Requests Due
Requests to defer enrolment for one year due to Admissions
July 1, 2026
Official Test Scores Due**
Required for all enrolled students
July 1, 2026
Final High School Transcript Due
Official final high school transcripts for enrolling students due to Admissions
*These are new deadlines that will take effect for the 2025-26 application cycle.
**Students who chose to self-report scores, or chose not to submit test scores, on their application will be required to submit verified test scores if they have taken the ACT or SAT. This will allow the Office of Admissions to understand and assess its current pilot of the test-optional policy. Please know that, for test-optional applicants, submitting official scores after enrolling will not change your admission decision and will strictly be used for research purposes. Students who have never taken the SAT or ACT and do not have scores available are not required to submit a score and should email us at
appdocs@bucknell.edu
to let us know they've never taken the SAT or ACT. Official scores must be received by May 15. If you are not sure whether you have already submitted official test scores, please log in to your application portal and view your checklist.
Take a Closer Look at Bucknell
Tell us what you'd like to know, and we'll build a viewbook just for you
CUSTOM VIEWBOOK
Listen to
College Admissions Insider
for expert advice and ideas
ADMISSIONS PODCAST
Discover the major that matches your passion.
MAJORS & MINORS
Explore campus from anywhere with our interactive virtual tour.
Virtual Tour
Learn About Applying
We're looking for students with the drive to discover new truths and invent new possibilities.
How to apply
Arrow Icon
Checklist
How to check your application status
See what's next
Arrow Icon
Bucknell Flag Logo
Bucknell at a Glance
Undergraduate students
3,975
Students who receive need- or merit-based financial aid from Bucknell
57
%
Students who receive financial aid of some kind
65
%
Average federal student loan indebtedness upon graduation for the Class of 2024,  among students who borrowed (compared to about $30,000 nationally)
$
21,719
Contact Details
Office of Admissions
Location
One Dent Drive
Contact
570-577-3000
admissions@bucknell.edu
Hours
Monday – Friday:
8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Saturday:
Varies
Sunday:
Closed