URL: https://www.bucknell.edu/families-prospective-students
TITLE: Families of Prospective Students | Bucknell

Families of Prospective Students
Resources and Information for
In many ways, your student's college search journey is also your journey. As you work with your student to explore college options, we're here to work with you to answer your questions about Bucknell.
Our admissions deadlines for the Class of 2030 are as follows:
Early Decision I:
Nov. 1, 2025
Early Decision II and Regular Decision:
Jan. 10, 2026
Who is Bucknell?
As one of the nation's preeminent liberal arts universities and Division I schools, we offer a world-class learning experience where your student will be mentored by outstanding, award-winning professors. With a low student-faculty ratio (9 to 1) and campus where high-tech labs far outnumber lecture halls, our priority is personalized, experiential learning.
Three colleges, endless possibilities
: With more than 60 majors across three colleges — Arts & Sciences, Engineering and the Freeman College of Management — your student can explore many different interests and graduate with an array of in-demand skills. Our highly accessible academic advisers are ready to help them navigate their educational journey.
Research that matters
: At Bucknell, we'll pair your student with the funding and faculty support they need to complete and publish undergraduate research. Perhaps your student will develop a way to filter carbon out of the air, slowing the spread of global warming. Or uncover a financial trend before anyone else. Or engineer a cheaper way to bring clean water to communities in need. We'll give your student the tools and guidance to make a better world.
Safe and supported
: We are a safe, walkable community with strong connections to quaint downtown Lewisburg, which is just a short walk away. On-campus Public Safety and confidential health-care services provide an open door to around-the-clock support. Whatever your student's needs, we rise up to support your student's well-being and success.
Bucknell at a Glance
Faculty
:
360
+
360+
Average class size
:
20
20
Worldwide Alumni
:
58,000
58,000
Academic Majors
:
66
66
Student-faculty ratio
:
9
:1
Classes taught by faculty
:
100
%
Footsteps
Take the Next Step
Answer a few questions, and we'll build you a viewbook
CUSTOM VIEWBOOK
Listen to
College Admissions Insider
for expert advice and ideas
ADMISSIONS PODCAST
Award
LinkedIn Top Colleges Rankings 2025
Ranking Among Liberal Arts Colleges
1
st
Ranking for Job Placement
5
th
Ranking Among All Colleges
21
st
Picture Yourself Here
Virtual Campus Tour
Get a 360-degree view of Bucknell — from wherever you are. Our interactive virtual tour immerses you in the innovative spaces and beautiful surroundings that make our historic campus unique.
Start exploring
Arrow Icon
Cost Breakdown for 2026-27
Graduation
Tuition
:
$
72,600
$72,600
Home
Housing
:
$
11,400
$11,400
Dining Icon
Approximate Meal Plan Cost
:
$
6,980
$6,980
Bike
Activity Fee
:
$
900
$900
Total comprehensive cost*
:
$
91,880
Average Total Need-Based Package†
:
$
58,500
*Represents fees before financial aid and grants. Keep in mind that this comprehensive fee may not represent the true cost to your family. For the 2026-27 academic year, the cost of attendance budget is $95,648, which includes the direct charges listed above plus an allowance of $900 for books, course materials, supplies and equipment, $2,800 for personal and travel expenses and $68 for loan fees, if borrowing.
†Represents the average total need-based package for a student who demonstrates financial need (based on data from the previous incoming class). A total need-based aid award can include a combination of Bucknell need-based grant funding, federal grants, state grants, federal work-study and a federal subsidized student loan. We evaluate income, untaxed income, assets and other family information from both the custodial and non-custodial parents to determine financial aid eligibility.
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Learn about Bucknell tuition and how to apply for grants, loans, work-study opportunities and more.
Financial Aid
Bucknell's merit scholarships are awarded to incoming students and are renewable over four years. Learn more about our programs.
Scholarships
These tools can help give you an idea of what a Bucknell education may cost and your eligibility range for need-based aid.
Financial Aid Calculators
Where They’ll Go From Here
Outcomes
You've been there since the beginning. In high school, you encouraged them to embrace their curiosity and reach for academic and extracurricular success. In college, you want them to be supported, challenged and equipped with all the tools they'll need for life.
A Bucknell education prepares students for whatever comes next. For some, that's a meaningful career in an in-demand field. For others, it's postgraduate work at the nation's leading medical schools, law schools and graduate schools. They all join a worldwide alumni network ready to help fellow Bucknellians succeed.
See where Bucknell leads
Arrow Icon
Explorers, Leaders, Innovators
Student Stories
Our students aren't waiting to begin improving the world around them. They're making the most of Bucknell's immersive undergraduate experiences to express their artistry, become successful entrepreneurs and make scientific breakthroughs.
Meet our students
Arrow Icon
Explore Bucknell’s Campus
Interactive Campus Map
Our interactive campus map has all the information you need to find your way around campus and explore Bucknell, including:
•     Photos and overviews of more than 100 campus locations
•     360 panoramas of iconic spaces
•     Immersive virtual tours
•     Turn-by-turn walking directions
•     Parking and construction information
Start exploring Bucknell
Arrow Icon
“
Teaching at Bucknell is a very personal process. It is not just about delivering course material, but it is also about the process of discovering the passion of each student and helping them achieve their dreams.
”
—
Professor Amal Kabalan, electrical & computer engineering
Join the Conversation on Social Media
Stunning images from our gorgeous campus.
@BUCKNELLU
A communal place to share stories, photos and events.
@BUCKNELLU
Up-to-the-second campus news and info.
@BUCKNELLU
The unfiltered story, straight from our students.
@IAMRAYBUCKNELL
Contact Details
Office of Admissions
Location
One Dent Drive
Contact
570-577-3000
admissions@bucknell.edu
Hours
Monday – Friday:
8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Saturday:
Varies
Sunday:
Closed