URL: https://www.bucknell.edu/life-bucknell/first-year-experience
TITLE: Bucknell First-Year Experience | Support & Success for New Students

This video does not contain audio
Play/Pause Icon
First-year Experience
The first-year experience at Bucknell isn't the warmup act. It's the main event. From your first semester on, you can audition for the mainstage play, work on fascinating research with your professor and use the latest high-tech equipment.
It starts with
New Student Orientation
. Your first days at Bucknell will immerse you in scholarship, tradition and opportunities to discover what it means to become a member of the campus community. Many students will choose a
Pre-Orientation program
, giving them a fun head start on what's ahead.
These opportunities and programs will help shape your experience during your four years here. You may find a new hobby, discover a new academic interest and make bonds with your fellow Bucknellians.
New Student Orientation
Learn how you'll bond with classmates through a variety of events while becoming familiar with Bucknell and the resources available to you.
See what's next
Arrow Icon
Bell Tower Icon
Explore Some of Our Pre-Orientation Programs
Get creative with classmates who share your passion for performing and visual arts.
Arts First
Head outside with new friends as you explore the region's natural beauty.
BuckWild
Connect with others interested in innovation, creativity and entrepreneurship.
Design Thinking Leadership
Discover the strong, globally minded community of support on campus.
International Orientation
Explore Pre-Orientation programs and registration information
Read more
Arrow Icon
Take a Closer Look at the First-year Experience
First-year College Mentors
Each of Bucknell's three colleges has its own first-year mentoring program to help students start pursuing life-changing experiences on and off campus from day one. Peer mentors answer questions and connect first-year students with opportunities like internships, events, clubs and organizations, undergraduate research, study abroad and much more.
Explore all three first-year mentoring programs
Get Involved on Campus
With more than 200 clubs and organizations, students have the opportunity to explore new interests, make new friends and take on leadership opportunities.
Explore our clubs and organizations
Take a Closer Look at the Student Organizations
Explore the Residential Colleges
Each Residential College is paired with a first-semester class, which means you get to live and learn with students who share your interests, and connect with your professors both in and out of the classroom.
Explore Residential Colleges
Arrow Icon
GenFirst! @ Bucknell
College is a time of "firsts." For some, it is the first time being far away from home. For others, they are the first in their family to attend college. At Bucknell, many of our faculty and staff are members of the first generation community and here to help. If you are a first-generation student and would like to talk about your experiences, look for a "come talk to me" poster, there is a friendly first-generation faculty or staff member who would love to meet and chat with you.
Learn about GenFirst! @ Bucknell
Arrow Icon
College 101
Parents and families
Parents and families are invited to sign up for our College 101 program. This summer program runs in conjunction with our virtual summer sessions and includes a few additional required events. All who complete the program will be invited to a special graduation ceremony and receive a certificate of completion in August.
We highly recommend this program for parents and families who are sending their first child to college in the fall — particularly if your child is the first person in your immediate family to attend college  (i.e. a first-generation college student).
Learn more
Arrow Icon
Map Icon
Find your way
See a campus map
Arrow Icon
Contact Details
First Year Experience
Location
Elaine Langone Center, Office 306
Contact
570-577-3782
fye@bucknell.edu