URL: https://www.bucknell.edu/plan-visit
TITLE: Plan a Visit to Bucknell University | Lewisburg, PA

This video does not contain audio
Play/Pause Icon
Plan a Visit
When you visit campus for a preview session and guided tour, chat with our student ambassadors, or experience an interactive virtual tour of campus, you'll have a front-row seat as you explore this place we call home.
This combination of in-person and virtual visit offerings means you can learn more about Bucknell in the way that fits you and your family best.
Find the visit experience that's right for you below. We hope to see you soon — either on campus or online.
Section Navigation
Triangle Icon
In-person Visit Options
Your on-campus visit might include one or more of the following:
Preview Session
Kick off your visit with a short and sweet overview of what Bucknell has to offer.
Student-Led Campus Tour
Join our student ambassadors to explore some of our favorite spots on campus.
Engineering Student-led Facilities Tour
Take a closer look at the facilities you may use as a student.
Class Visit
Prospective students are invited to take a peek inside the classroom. See what it's like to be a Bucknellian by sitting in on a real class.
Open Houses
Tour state-of-the-art facilities, meet professors and students and get answers to your most pressing questions.
Self-guided
Walking
or
Driving Tour
The tools to explore Bucknell on your schedule.
Bucknell University is committed to the health, wellness and safety of its community.
Please note that, as of Aug. 1, 2024, the University is a
tobacco-free campus
. Illegal drugs, fireworks, explosives, firearms, swords and knives are also prohibited. Bucknell supports the use of assistance animals in compliance with our Animals on Campus policy, as well as state and federal laws and regulations.
Only service animals
are permitted to accompany campus visitors into campus buildings, in accordance with the policy.
Bertrand
See it for yourself
Register for a visit
Arrow Icon
Application Fee Waivers for Visitors
Students who participate in certain in-person visit options are eligible for an application fee waiver.
How to Qualify
Plus Icon (Large)
Qualifying visits include attending a:
Campus Visit
Open House
College Admissions Workshop
(for Bucknell alumni, faculty and staff families)
Self-Guided Tour
(If you complete our self-guided tour while on campus, please stop by the Office of Admissions to fill out an inquiry card in order to qualify for an application fee waiver.)
Fee waivers also apply to students who apply for and attend a:
Chemistry Camp
Engineering Camp
Journey to Bucknell
Bucknell Academy Summer Experience
Fee waivers are applied once the visit is complete, and students will receive instructions for how to redeem the offer via email. Students must complete their visit before submitting their application. Bucknell is unable to refund application fees for students who visit and receive a fee waiver after applying.
Group Visits
Groups of 15 or more high school students can request a visit, Monday through Friday, during the academic year. Up to two groups can visit on a given day. Requests should be made by registering for a date using the link below
at least three weeks in advance
. In the summer, group visits may be available by request at
groupvisits@bucknell.edu
. After submitting a request, a staff member will reach out via email to confirm or clarify your request as needed.
Schedule a group visit
School Counselors
School Counselors, College Counselors and Independent Counselors supporting high school students in the college application process are welcome to attend any of our visit options.
Schedule your visit to Bucknell
Virtual Options
Visit our Virtual Welcome Center to find our
digital admissions materials
,
virtual tour
,
tour and map
, informative videos, photo galleries and more.
Computer
Explore a collection of interactive ways to get to know Bucknell
Visit the Virtual Welcome Center
Arrow Icon
An Intro to Bucknell: Video Preview Session
Compass
Keep Exploring
Begin your Bucknell journey with a first-hand look at our beautiful campus.
Schedule a Visit
Learn why students and alumni love our hometown.
Discover Lewisburg
Explore our campus right in your browser.
Take a Virtual Tour
Discover our engaging interactive online campus map of Bucknell University!
Bucknell Campus
What You'll Experience in Lewisburg
Contact Details
Office of Admissions
Location
One Dent Drive
Contact
570-577-3000
admissions@bucknell.edu
Hours
Monday – Friday:
8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Saturday:
Varies
Sunday:
Closed