URL: https://carlsonschool.umn.edu/centers-institutes/carlson-global-institute/education-abroad/undergraduate/international-experience-basics/faq
TITLE: Education Abroad International Experience FAQ | Minnesota

Education Abroad International Experience FAQ
In this section
International Experience Basics
Below you will find many of the answers to commonly asked questions about fulfilling our International Experience (IE) requirement, unique considerations, timing, academic planning, financing, and more.
Frequently Asked Questions
Why is there an International Experience?
The International Experience was implemented at Minnesota Carlson in 2008 to prepare you to be business leaders in an increasingly competitive global economy. It signals our commitment to your personal development in this area, and provides a specific and important differentiating experience to help set you apart.
Who is held to the International Experience?
All first-year and transfer students entering Minnesota Carlson in Fall 2008 and later are expected to complete an international experience.
If you are studying at the University of Minnesota on an F1, J1, or H4 visa you are essentially studying abroad already. Your experience as a student here meets the International Experience requirement, so you are not required to participate in another international experience. You are free to explore additional international education opportunities through the University of Minnesota if you choose.
Degree requirements will be determined based on your status at the time of admission to Minnesota Carlson.
Which type of program fulfills the International Experience?
All University of Minnesota credit-bearing abroad programs fulfill the International Experience. The Carlson Global Institute and the Learning Abroad Center offer short-term, summer, semester, and year-long study abroad programs. Programs may focus on business, liberal arts, or language curriculum and some may include an internship component.
Visit
Minnesota Carlson Education Abroad
and the
Learning Abroad Center
for more information on specific programs.
Will previous military service abroad fulfill the International Experience?
Students who have military experience abroad should first speak with their academic advisor if they wish to have their experience reviewed for meeting the International Experience. If appropriate, the student will be asked to
file a petition
documenting their experience, including duration, country or countries of experience, and ways in which their experience aligns with the goals of the International Experience.  Specifically, the petition should address how the experience helped the student develop global competence, encouraged mutual understanding, communication and collaboration with individuals overseas, and supported the student's development as an authentic global business leader.
Submission of a petition does not guarantee approval.
Does participation in a study abroad program prior to attending Minnesota Carlson count?
If you previously participated in a Learning Abroad Center program, a Carlson Global Institute education abroad experience, or a University of Minnesota coordinate campus study abroad program, you may use this to meet the International Experience requirement. In addition, short-term, semester, and quarter-length study abroad programs offered through another 2- or 4-year institution may be reviewed for acceptance to meet the International Experience. Documentation may be required. Transfer students with a previous post-secondary credit-bearing international experience should file an academic petition in the Undergraduate Program office within their first semester at Minnesota Carlson.
Can my previous study experience outside of the United States fulfill the International Experience?
If you attended a university in another country for a minimum of one semester prior to transferring to Minnesota Carlson, you may file a petition, including transcripts or TRAC report showing the coursework earned. The experience and credits earned must be college level.
Does a gap year abroad fulfill the International Experience?
Students who spent a year abroad following high school may have it considered for the International Experience requirement if the experience earned college credit or was a substantive academic experience. Students should speak with their Undergraduate Program adviser and then fill out the academic petition form with documentation.
What does not fulfill the International Experience?
While a wide variety of options fulfill the International Experience, there are specific experiences that will not fulfill it. The International Experience is intended to be academic in nature and at the college level. On that basis the following options are ineligible to fulfill the International Experience:
Personal travel, family vacations, or tours that have no academic component.
National Student Exchange to a U.S. university. (However, NSE to Canada or a U.S. territory such as Guam, Puerto Rico, or the Virgin Islands is acceptable).
Any experience completed during high school.
Attending elementary, middle school, or high school overseas.
Living overseas for a period of time, including being born and raised overseas if you are now a U.S. citizen or a U.S. permanent resident (i.e., a green card holder).
Can the International Experience be waived?
No. However, if you have extenuating circumstances please talk with your academic advisor as early as possible so that they may help you determine your next steps. You will most likely need to complete the
IBUS 3092: Understanding International Business
domestic alternative
course.  You may also contact
[email protected]
with questions about the domestic alternative.
My GPA is low - how can I fulfill the International Experience?
While there is a posted minimum GPA for most education abroad programs, some have a flexible GPA requirement. Applicants will be considered on a case-by-case basis to ensure you have the best chances for academic success. Speak with an Education Abroad adviser before applying for a program to discuss your situation.
Who can I contact if I have questions about accommodations for physical or mental health conditions while abroad?
Education Abroad advisers in the Carlson Global Institute and disability specialists in the University's
Disability Resource Center
are available to assist you with your planning.
If you are already registered with the
Disability Resource Center
and are eligible for on-campus accommodations you are also eligible for overseas accommodations when it can be arranged.
How do I begin planning for study abroad?
It is never too early to start planning, but deadlines can be up to one year in advance of going abroad.  First year students are encouraged to begin exploring right away as all options remain open to you.  Planning can include these considerations; your long-term academic and professional goals, your on-campus degree requirements, your on-campus commitments, and any personal factors.
Give yourself time to research and talk to advisers and students who have studied abroad. Allow plenty of time to prepare a strong application for your preferred study abroad programs and any scholarships that may be available as well as financial aid forms.
Which classes will I take while abroad?
Students should strategically plan which classes to take abroad with their academic adviser. Electives can easily be filled abroad and with advance planning Minnesota Carlson business courses and liberal education credits can also be fulfilled. Some programs will require that you have prerequisite courses completed in advance. Many short term programs will fulfill both your International Experience and a business requirement or a liberal education requirement.
How can I find out the costs of studying abroad?
Program fees include tuition and course fee. Please consult the specific program pages of Carlson Global Institute's' and the University's Learning Abroad Center's program for actual amounts.  Cost are attributed to a variety of factors, such as program type, academic credit, room and board, excursions, level of on-site support, and geographic location. When planning a budget, it's important to consider additional expenses, such as airfare, extra travel, and spending money. Choose your program carefully, and when comparing prices, be sure you are comparing all equivalent cost components.
How can I pay for my international experience?
Most types of financial aid apply toward study abroad costs, including expenses such as airfare, room and board, and travel documents. The Office of Student Finance (OSF) will review all students studying abroad and adjust your cost of attendance. This adjustment will trigger a notification informing you of any changes to your financial aid.  You can contact OSF to discuss your financial situation before applying to a program by requesting a
Financial Aid Preview Meeting
.
Scholarships are available through the
Carlson Global Institute
, the
Learning Abroad Center
and also through outside resources.
Contact Carlson Global Institute
Email:
[email protected]
Phone:
612-625-9361
Follow Carlson Global Institute
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram