URL: https://carlsonschool.umn.edu/undergraduate
TITLE: Undergraduate | Minnesota Carlson

Undergraduate
The Carlson School of Management at the University of Minnesota sits at the heart of one of the country’s most dynamic business communities, teeming with opportunities for driven students. The Twin Cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul are home to global leaders in healthcare, retail, agribusiness, finance, and more, not to mention a growing technology and startup scene. Whatever industry you’re interested in, chances are you’ll find it here.
Visit Us
Confirm
Apply
Visit
Request Information
Wherever your path leads, it can start here
With a Bachelor of Science in Business degree from Minnesota Carlson, you’ll have the business fundamentals and the deep command of your chosen major to carve out your career niche—whether that means joining a large, established company; leading a nonprofit organization; starting your own business, or anything in between. Your Carlson education—in and out of the classroom—will equip you with the skills, experiences, and network to thrive wherever business leads you.
#19
"Best Undergraduate Business Programs Rankings" — U.S. News & World Report (2026)
#23
"Best Undergraduate Business Schools" — Poets & Quants, 2026
#5
Management Information Systems Program — U.S. News & World Report (2026)
17
Fortune 500 companies headquartered in Minnesota
Carlson Advantage
Access Personalized Support
Whatever success means to you, the Minnesota Carlson professional staff will help you get there. Begin charting your academic and career journeys with professional staff dedicated to you from your first year.
Discover an Innovative Curriculum
Starting in your first year, you’ll engage with an innovative business curriculum in small classes that empower each student to weigh in on the discussion.
Explore the World
Not only will your learning go beyond the classroom—it will go beyond the United States. As part of our business curriculum, all Carlson undergraduates complete an International Experience, which helps foster the global mindset and cultural understanding you’ll need to thrive in today’s world of business.
Be a Force for Good.
We firmly believe that business can be a force for good by driving innovation and growth, creating opportunity, addressing inequality, and connecting people across cultures. To do so, though, business needs driven, emerging leaders—and that’s where you come in. By studying business here, you’ll learn to lead with purpose and build the skills to leave a lasting impact.
97.9%
of the 2024 graduating class reported post-graduate plans within three months of graduation
100%
of Carlson students complete an international experience
97%
of freshmen return for their sophomore year
Dynamic and collaborative community
At Minnesota Carlson, your student experience transcends the confines of the classroom. We have the welcoming community you might expect from a small college, within walking distance from a robust metropolitan area.
View Class Profile
Carlson Community
The network is made up of:
3,000+ undergraduate students
62,000+ alumni in 100+ countries
140+ full-time faculty
40+ career coaches, advisors, and staff
Hundreds of partner companies and organizations
View Class Profile
Meet our student ambassadors
Student Ambassadors
Our Student Ambassadors are current undergraduate students who assist with special events, campus tours, and recruitment activities for prospective students. Whether you want to know more about academics or discover what life on campus is like, they are here to answer your questions.
Meet our student ambassadors
Take a Tour of Minnesota Carlson
The best way to get to know Minnesota Carlson is by visiting! This in-depth video tour will help you get to know our unique programs and facilities.
Being a Carlson student means you are in charge of creating your future. You are given everything you need to pave your own path—everyone's may look different than yours—and I think that's what makes our school so unique. Everyone has a goal in life and Minnesota Carlson can absolutely help you achieve that goal.
To me, being a Carlson student means using what I have learned inside the classroom as a way to make an impact and help others. So much learning happens outside of the classroom and Minnesota Carlson is so supportive of this—encouraging every student's individual aspirations and understanding they do not all have to look the same.
Being a Carlson student means being in an immersive, competitive, and collaborative environment, which ensures that every student has all the resources and tools needed to thrive during their time at school and in the work force.
News
All News
VR Immerses Students in Zero-waste Supply Chain
Carlson Alum Leverages Network to Inspire Business Students
Swannies Golf Style Success Stems from Carlson Roots
Contact Undergraduate Program
Email:
[email protected]
Connect with Minnesota Carlson
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube