URL: https://carlsonschool.umn.edu/undergraduate/academics
TITLE: Undergraduate Academics | Minnesota Carlson

Undergraduate Academics
Your career in business starts with your unique talents. Receive personalized support to tailor your educational experience to your interests and goals. Minnesota Carlson offers an intensive course of study that culminates in a Bachelor of Science in Business (BSB) degree.
In this section
International Experience
Confirm
Apply
Visit
Request Information
Carlson at a Glance
Our nationally ranked faculty care about their students’ success and are focused on educating them for a competitive world.
48
Average class size for major coursework
21:1
Student to faculty ratio
Explore Majors & Minors
Pick your Major
Study subjects you’re passionate about. Minnesota Carlson offers
10 majors and 13 minors
that align with your strengths and passions.
Explore Majors & Minors
View the Curriculum
Dive Right In
Start studying business immediately. You will take business classes in your first semester—unlike at other business schools where you might have to wait up to two years to begin exploring business topics.
View the Curriculum
Learn more about Impact Core
Explore the Breadth of Business
Build a foundation of business knowledge in a yearlong community in your sophomore year through
Impact Core
. This coursework includes classes across all areas of business, a course on race, power & justice in business, and the Impact Lab Project where students partner with real organizations to make an impact.
Learn more about Impact Core
Explore International Experience opportunities
Explore the World
Choose an
international experience
to expand your cultural perspective, engage in the world of international business, and build lasting friendships. Minnesota Carlson offers international programs in dozens of countries worldwide.
Explore International Experience opportunities
Explore Experiential Learning
Learn by Doing
Put new lessons to work in the real business world. Work with organizations to solve authentic business problems as part of the curriculum. Plus, take advantage of the countless opportunities to participate in hands-on learning both inside and outside the classroom.
Explore Experiential Learning
Meet our Faculty
Engage your Instructors
Get one-on-one attention from your instructors. Small class sizes allow you to weigh in on the discussion. Beyond the classroom, faculty members are approachable and available to guide your learning.
Meet our Faculty
Trust an Accredited Program
Minnesota Carlson is accredited by
AACSB International
, the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business. AACSB is the premier accrediting agency for business administration and accounting programs.
Contact Undergraduate Program
Email:
[email protected]
Connect with Minnesota Carlson
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube