URL: https://carlsonschool.umn.edu/undergraduate/student-life/organizations
TITLE: Getting Involved | Minnesota Carlson

Getting Involved
There is a multitude of ways to engage with the Minnesota Carlson community. Whether a student participates in a student organization, attends a conference, or helps with new student orientation, there are great opportunities to enrich our school. Students can learn about various events and programming using GopherLink, The Edge, or through the Carlson House Living and Learning Community.
Confirm
Apply
Visit
Request Information
Carlson Crew
Upperclassmen can sign up in the month of March to become a member of the Carlson Crew. The Carlson Crew works with freshmen orientation groups to provide resources and support during the First Year Experience.
Learn about Business Week (opens in a new window)
Business Week
Business Week
is full of exciting events and opportunities for students like case competitions, an etiquette dinner, and an alumni networking event.
Learn about Business Week
(this link opens in a new browser window or tab)
Explore Student Organizations (opens in a new window)
Student Organizations
Several organizations throughout the
University
and
Carlson
will
expand your learning. Find the group that's right for you!
Explore Student Organizations
(this link opens in a new browser window or tab)
Meet our Student Ambassadors
Student Ambassadors
The
Student Ambassadors
are current undergraduate students who assist with special events, campus tours, and recruitment activities for prospective students.
Meet our Student Ambassadors
Learn more (opens in a new window)
Women's Business Network - Living & Learning Community
Women’s Business Network
is a space where students explore and feel empowered to grow and learn about the world of women in business. Regardless of your major, you will find a community that will help you acclimate to the University of Minnesota.
Learn more
(this link opens in a new browser window or tab)
Contact Undergraduate Program
Email:
[email protected]
Connect with Minnesota Carlson
Facebook
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube