URL: https://mitsloan.mit.edu/master-of-business-analytics/admissions
TITLE: Admissions | Master of Business Analytics | MIT Sloan

Register your Interest
See Yourself Here
If you're smart, driven, and passionate about data analytics, MIT Sloan is the place for you. Successful candidates are:
Academically gifted, well-rounded, and intellectually curious
Creative problem-solvers with a high EQ (and IQ)
Leaders who collaborate and inspire others
Excited to use data analytics to address global challenges
Does it sound like you? Register your Interest
Recent graduates, early career professionals in high-tech, engineers, mathematicians, physicists, and computer programmers are especially encouraged to apply.
Each applicant is measured on their academic and professional accomplishments. Applicants may apply to the Master of Business Analytics program if they have a bachelor's degree or will have completed one by the academic year they apply. Students with a three-year bachelor's degree from an international university may also apply.
Application Deadline
The application deadline for enrollment in the MIT Sloan Master of Business Analytics program for entry in 2026 has now passed.
If you are interested in applying in a future admissions cycle, we encourage you to
introduce yourself
and
register for an event
to stay connected with us. You’ll learn more about the program, hear from members of the MIT Sloan community, and stay informed about upcoming admissions updates, events, and next year’s application deadline.
How to apply to the MBAn program
Find information about how to apply to the MIT Master of Business Analytics (MBA) program, including the application process and deadlines.
Learn more about the application process
What's it like to attend MIT Sloan?
Master of Business Analytics
Financing Your Education
Master of Business Analytics
Frequently Asked Questions
MIT is committed to the principle of equal opportunity in education and employment.
Read our full nondiscrimination policy here
.
Contact Us
mbanadmissions.mitsloan@mit.edu
|
+1.617.258.5434
📍
50 Memorial Drive, E52-359, Cambridge, MA 02142