URL: https://mitsloan.mit.edu/master-of-business-analytics/admissions/how-to-apply
TITLE: How to Apply to the Master of Business Analytics Program | Master of Business Analytics | MIT Sloan

Master of Business Analytics
How to Apply to the Master of Business Analytics Program
We are on a quest to find curious, passionate, analytical candidates who will enhance the collaborative community here at MIT. We aim to create a vibrant learning environment rich in diverse ideas and life experiences. We welcome applicants from all over the globe. Above all, we seek thoughtful emerging leaders with exceptional intellectual abilities, determined to make their mark in the world – people who value dignity and respect. Here’s how to get started!
Register your Interest
Application Deadline
The application deadline for enrollment in the MIT Sloan Master of Business Analytics program for entry in 2026 has now passed.
If you are interested in applying in a future admissions cycle, we encourage you to
introduce yourself
and
register for an event
to stay connected with us. You’ll learn more about the program, hear from members of the MIT Sloan community, and stay informed about upcoming admissions updates, events, and next year’s application deadline.
Instructions
To apply to the MBAn program at MIT Sloan, please prepare a variety of materials to help us assess your qualifications. Remember, all materials must be submitted online by the application deadline listed above.
Academic Transcripts
Please scan and upload your transcript(s) from all colleges and universities you attended or are currently attending. If you are currently earning a degree, please upload your most up-to-date transcript.
We review transcripts carefully. Please double-check that what you have uploaded is legible.
Some important details
:
All applicants to the program must hold a four-year undergraduate degree or a three-year equivalent undergraduate degree from outside the U.S. by the time of matriculation.
Do not mail any hard copies of official academic records or transcripts.
If you received an undergraduate degree as part of a Master's program, please include an undergraduate entry in addition to your Master's degree.
If your transcripts are not in English, please scan and upload both the original and the certified translation.
We cannot accept "digitally signed" or encrypted transcripts. If you're having difficulty uploading your document, this may be the reason. Print out your transcript, scan it, and upload the PDF.
We do not accept transfer credits. Any MIT classes taken pre-matriculation cannot be counted toward your degree at MIT Sloan.
Once admitted to the program, you will be required to provide an official, signed, and sealed transcript from all schools attended. Any discrepancies between the scanned transcripts and official transcripts may result in a candidate's rejection or a withdrawal of our offer of admission.
Collapse
Essay Question
Please tell us why you’re pursuing the Master of Business Analytics degree at MIT Sloan. What do you hope to gain from the program? What are your career aspirations? (500 words or less)
Collapse
Letters of Recommendation
MBAn applicants must submit
three letters of recommendation.
A detailed recommendation can tell us a lot about you, so make sure you select individuals qualified to speak about your qualifications and impact.
One letter must come from someone who can speak to your
quantitative abilities
.
If you are a current student, you should submit three academic letters of recommendation.
If you are working full-time, you should submit two academic letters of recommendation and one letter from your most recent employer.
Some important details
:
We do not accept recommendations from family members.
Recommenders must submit their letters online.
Recommendations may be either a letter or a short answer format.
Recommendations should not exceed two pages.
Your letters of recommendation must be received by the deadline date. It is your responsibility to remind your recommenders to make sure they are submitted on time. ​​​
Please choose recommenders who are able to provide specific answers to the following questions
:
How long and in what capacity have you known the applicant?
How does the applicant stand out from others in a similar capacity?
Please give an example of the applicant's impact on a person, group, or organization.
Please give a representative example of how the applicant interacts and communicates with others, including peers and superiors.
Please give an example of how the applicant has synthesized and executed on an assigned task and/or mastered new material.
Which of the applicant's personal or professional characteristics would you change?
Please tell us anything else you think we should know about this applicant.
Please navigate to the Recommendation Letter section of the application and add your recommenders’ contact information; they will be sent instructions on how to submit their letter.
Collapse
Relevant Coursework & Professional Certifications
We find that candidates who have completed coursework in the following subjects are best prepared for the program. Although not required, we strongly suggest candidates have a demonstrated understanding of key concepts in linear algebra, probability, calculus, and computer programming.
Please list courses that you are currently taking or that you have completed in the following areas:
Computer Programming
Linear Algebra
Math
Statistics/Machine Learning
Additionally, applicants are welcome to submit other pieces of academic evidence, such as professional certifications, CFA, CPA, among others; non-degree coursework such as CORe, edX, or any other non-degree coursework completed; all of which may assist the Admissions Committee in its evaluation process.
Collapse
Resume
Please submit a
one-page
resume. This will help us easily track your academic and career path. For jobs and internships, try to focus on your results, not just your title or job description. Here are some pointers on formatting:
One-page limit
Times New Roman font
Size 10 font
Word or PDF formats only
Provide the following information in reverse chronological order
:
Education
: Please include relevant awards, scholarships, and professional societies
Full-Time Work Experience:
Full-time work experience is defined as
more than four months of post-degree
work. This should be paid and full-time. Please include company name, your title, results-oriented bullets that demonstrate your skill set, and dates.
Internship(s):
An internship is categorized as
official
work done through a company. Your internship may either be paid or unpaid, as long as you were hired
directly
by the Human Resources department at the company. We should be able to call Human Resources to verify that you participated in the official internship. Please include company name, your title, results-oriented bullets that demonstrate your skill set, and dates.
Other Work Experience:
If you worked with a mentor or someone with relevant industry experience, or if you participated in a project or research that was
not official
(i.e., you were not hired by the Human Resources department),
please list this experience on your resume.
Include details of your experience, who you worked with, results-oriented bullets, and dates. Please include the details of any research or teaching assistantships.
Additional Information
: Please include extracurricular activities/community service, technical skills/certifications, special skills/interests, and languages spoken (if applicable).
Collapse
Test Scores
Submission of a standardized test, such as GMAT (Focus Edition or 10th Edition) or GRE, is optional when applying for the MBAn program. If you have a GMAT or GRE score, you are encouraged to submit it as an additional data point to be considered by the Admissions Committee. Those without a test score will be reviewed as is, with no negative inferences.
We will accept self-reported test scores by the application deadline and welcome either in-person or online versions of exams. If you would like to submit those scores, you can find our school codes below.
GRE School Code: 3845
To share your GMAT score, please enter the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) - MIT Sloan School of Management
TOEFL School Code: 3935 (We will not accept MyBest TOEFL Scores)
IELTS School Code: MIT Graduate Admissions
The GMAC BWA, TOEFL, and IELTS are not required to apply to MIT Sloan, but you are welcome to submit a score if you wish
.
If you took the GMAT Exam, please ensure that you select the correct edition from the dropdown in the application. The Graduate Management Admission Council (GMAC) launched the current version of the GMAT exam (the “GMAT Focus Edition”) in November 2023. This is the only version of the GMAT exam currently available, offered both online and at test centers. The current GMAT (GMAT Focus) Total Score range is 205–805. If you took the previous version of the GMAT exam, the Total Score range was 200–800. Although the score ranges appear similar, the underlying scales differ to reflect updated percentile distributions.
Learn more about GMAT exam scores here
.
Collapse
The World That Shaped You
The Admissions Committee is excited to learn more about you. In 250 words, please respond to the following question:
How has the world you come from shaped who you are today? Please use this opportunity to share more about your background.
Collapse
Video Question 1
Introduce yourself to your future classmates. Here's your chance to let your personality shine through, be conversational, and be yourself. We can't wait to meet you!
Videos should adhere to the following guidelines
:
No more than 1 minute (60 seconds) in length
Single take (no editing)
Speaking directly to the camera
Do not include background music or subtitles
Collapse
Video Question 2
All MBAn applicants will be prompted to respond to a randomly generated, open-ended question.
Video Question 2 is a part of your required application materials and will appear as a page within the application, once the other parts of your application are completed.
The question is designed to help us get to know you better; to see how you express yourself, and assess fit with the MIT Sloan culture. It
does not
require prior preparation and will not be a technical question. Your response to this prompt helps us to better understand your authentic communication style. Please do not read a pre-scripted answer.
Applicants are given 10 seconds to prepare a 60-second response
.
Applicants will only have one opportunity to record their response. No re-recordings are allowed
.
The following are examples of questions that may be asked in Video Question 2:
What achievement are you most proud of and why?
Tell us about a time a classmate or colleague wasn’t contributing to a group project. What did you do?
Collapse
Application Fee
The non-refundable application fee of $150.00 USD must be paid online prior to submitting your application.
Please note that we cannot grant retroactive fee waivers if the application fee has already been paid online. If you are submitting a request, please wait to hear back from us.
You may be eligible for a fee waiver if any of the following apply:
Current Peace Corps Members
Veteran or Active Duty U.S. Military Personnel
Collapse
Find answers to your most common questions
The Interview Process
All applicants admitted to the MBAn program will be required to interview, but interviews are by invitation only. An invitation to interview signals that your application has reached an advanced stage of consideration, but does not guarantee admission.
The interview is both behavioral and technical.  As part of the technical interview, you may be asked math, probability, statistics, and/or computer science questions relevant to fields of data science and analytics. You will also be asked behavioral questions that help us to learn more about how you work with a team, make decisions, and solve problem.