URL: https://mitsloan.mit.edu/master-of-business-analytics/admissions/tuition-and-financial-aid
TITLE: Financing Your Education | Master of Business Analytics | MIT Sloan

Master of Business Analytics
Financing Your Education
MIT Student Financial Services sets the estimated Graduate Cost of Attendance and serves as the cap for all financial aid forms, including scholarships, fellowships, and student loans. Additional living costs may vary based on personal circumstances.
Tuition
The tuition cost for the MBAn program for the 2025-2026 academic year is $93,834 ($71,834 after the MBAn Capstone summer tuition subsidy)
. While you are responsible for purchasing textbooks, all required course packs are included in the tuition cost.
Learn more about payment options
.
For more detailed information regarding the cost of attendance, including tuition and fees, please visit the
SFS Graduate cost of attendance
page and the
Registrar's Office Sloan Tuition
page.
Register your Interest
Financing Your MBAn
Support typically includes personal savings, loans, fellowship/scholarship awards, government or employer sponsorship, or some combination of these. Once you are admitted to the MIT Sloan MBAn program, you will have access to detailed information about the financial aid process on our admitted student website. The process is slightly different depending on whether you are an international student, a U.S. citizen, or a permanent resident.
Domestic students or International Students with a domestic cosigner have an array of loan options, including federal unsubsidized loans, while options for International Students with no cosigner are more limited. Please contact Sloan Student Funding at
studentfunding.mitsloan@mit.edu
with any questions or concerns.
Available Fellowships
A limited number of fellowships are available and are awarded to admitted candidates of all citizenships and academic backgrounds. All admitted candidates are considered for these fellowships. Fellowships are awarded to individuals with outstanding academic records, personal achievements, and professional promise.
Assistantships
The MBAn Program assists a number of MBAn students in securing research assistantships (RA) with Sloan faculty. These positions may vary in the number of hours you would be expected to work (and therefore how much compensation you would receive), but you cannot exceed 10 hours of work per week. MBAns are also allowed to work as teaching assistants (TA), but the MBAn Program Office does not match students and faculty for TAships. TAs are likewise limited to working no more than 10 hours/week. These positions help students cover their expenses as well as provide exposure to Sloan’s faculty and their research. The MBAn Program Office must approve all paid positions before they can be set up.