URL: https://mitsloan.mit.edu/mfin/admissions
TITLE: Admissions | Master of Finance | MIT Sloan

Register your Interest
See yourself here
If you're a smart, self-starter with a passion for finance, MIT Sloan is the place for you. Successful candidates are:
Academically gifted, well-rounded, and intellectually curious
Creative problem-solvers with a high EQ (and IQ)
Leaders who collaborate and inspire others
Excited and passionate about finance
Does it sound like you? Register your Interest
We seek smart, motivated applicants who are passionate about finance. Recent graduates, early career professionals in finance, engineers, mathematicians, physicists, computer programmers, and other high-tech professionals are encouraged to apply.
Applicants are measured on academic and professional accomplishments. Applicants can apply to the Master of Finance program if they have a bachelor's degree or will have completed one by the academic year they apply. Students with a three-year bachelor's degree from an international university may also apply.
Application Deadline
The application deadline for enrollment in the MIT Sloan Master of Finance program for entry in 2026 has now passed.
If you are interested in applying in a future admissions cycle, we encourage you to
introduce yourself
and
register for an event
to stay connected with us. You’ll learn more about the program, hear from members of the MIT Sloan community, and stay informed about upcoming admissions updates, events, and next year’s application deadline.
How to apply to the MFin program
Find information about how to apply to the MIT Sloan Master of Finance (MFin) program, including the application process and deadlines.
Learn more about the application process
What's it like to attend MIT Sloan?
Master of Finance
Suggested Background
Master of Finance
Financing Your Education
Master of Finance
Frequently Asked Questions
/
MIT is committed to the principle of equal opportunity in education and employment.
Read our full nondiscrimination policy here
.
Contact Us
mfinadmissions.mitsloan@mit.edu
|
+1.617.258.5434
📍
50 Memorial Drive, E52-359, Cambridge, MA 02142