URL: https://mitsloan.mit.edu/mit-sloan-fellows-mba/admissions/tuition-expenses-and-financial-aid
TITLE: Financing Your Education | MIT Sloan Fellows MBA Program | MIT Sloan

MIT Sloan Fellows MBA Program
Financing Your Education
MIT Student Financial Services sets the estimated Graduate Cost of Attendance and serves as the cap for all financial aid forms, including scholarships, fellowships, and student loans. Additional living costs may vary based on personal circumstances.
Tuition
The tuition cost for the SFMBA program for the 2025-2026 academic year is $156,574.
While you are responsible for purchasing textbooks, all required course packs are included in the tuition cost.
Learn more about payment options
.
For more detailed information regarding the cost of attendance, including tuition and fees, please visit the
SFS Graduate cost of attendance
page and the
Registrar's Office Sloan Tuition
page.
Register your Interest
Applying for Financial Aid
Upon acceptance into the program, all students intending to apply for student loans, including international students, must submit the
MIT Graduate Information Finance Form (GIFF)
and upload their letter of acceptance, including any Sloan Fellowship information, to the
MIT Online Financial Aid System
.
US citizens and permanent residents applying for student loans and/or planning on working as teaching assistants are also required to file the
Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
. MIT's FAFSA school code is 002178.
The maximum amount you will be authorized to borrow in student loans is set by MIT Student Financial Services (see the Graduate cost of attendance and Sloan tuition rates). If you are traveling with your significant other and/or dependents, your loan limits will not necessarily cover the increased expenses detailed above. You may have to
submit an appeal
to MIT Student Financial Services to request an adjustment to your maximum student loan amount based on your actual costs.  Any questions about student funding or loans, please contact MIT Sloan Student Funding, at
studentfunding.mitsloan@mit.edu
.
Action, Impact & Motivation (AIM) Scholarship
The Action, Impact, and Motivation (AIM) Scholarship is a post-graduate scholarship for Sloan Fellows MBA students to complete a social impact project in India upon graduation. The scholarship awards up to $20,000 to a team of 1-2 SFMBA students who want to test and implement ideas and solutions aligned with the Sustainable Development Goals set by the United Nations.
The AIM scholarship was created and instituted by Shweta Aprameya, SFMBA'19, and her brother, Saumitra Pandey, in honor of their parents, Anup Pande and Usha Pande, as part of the Anusha Welfare Trust.
Collapse
Corporate Sponsorship
If you have a corporate sponsor, please fill out the Sloan
Sponsor Information Form
. Sloan Student Funding will send your sponsor their invoices based on the information you provide. Please note that you do not need to provide Sloan with any of the sponsored billing forms found on the MIT Student Financial Services website for non-Sloan-sponsored students.
Collapse
Dean's Fellowships
A limited number of Dean's fellowships are available to MIT Sloan Fellows MBA and are awarded to admitted candidates of all citizenships and academic backgrounds. All admitted candidates are considered for these merit-based fellowships.
Collapse
Kennedy Memorial Trust Scholarship
The
Kennedy Memorial Trust
provides scholarships to British post-graduates to pursue their studies at MIT and/or Harvard. The Kennedy Scholarship is an academic award used to fund a wide variety of academic programs. Scholars use the opportunity to deepen their expertise in their field. Those applying for awards must be all of the following:
British citizens at the time of application
Ordinarily resident in the UK
Wholly or mainly educated in the UK
Collapse
The Nippon Foundation’s International Fellowship
The Nippon Foundation’s International Fellowship
provides Japanese nationals working in the public or private sector with opportunities to further their studies in overseas educational institutions.
Collapse
The Student Fellowship
The MIT Kuo Sharper Center for Prosperity and Entrepreneurship is pleased to offer financial assistance to select entrepreneurial graduate students at MIT. Their application process is separate from the MIT Sloan Fellows MBA admissions. Learn more about
The
Stud
e
n
t Fellowship
.
Collapse
Yellow Ribbon GI Education Enhancement Program
MIT Sloan offers $25,000 scholarships, with $25,000 in matching funds from the VA, to all veterans of the U.S. military who meet the VA eligibility requirements for the Yellow Ribbon program. For more information, please contact Josh DeMaio (
jkdemaio@mit.edu
) or visit
the program website
.
Collapse