URL: https://mitsloan.mit.edu/mit-sloan-fellows-mba/admissions/how-to-apply
TITLE: How to Apply to the MIT Sloan Fellows MBA Program | MIT Sloan Fellows MBA Program | MIT Sloan

MIT Sloan Fellows MBA Program
How to Apply to the MIT Sloan Fellows MBA Program
What’s your story? What experiences have shaped who you are today? We want to know. We are on a quest to find curious, passionate, analytical candidates who will enhance the collaborative community here at MIT. Our goal is to create a vibrant learning environment rich in diverse ideas and life experiences. That's why we welcome applicants from all over the globe, and from all industries and academic backgrounds. Above all, we seek thoughtful leaders with exceptional intellectual abilities, determined to make their mark in the world—people who value dignity and respect. Here’s how to get started!
Register your Interest
Application Deadlines
The application deadline for enrollment in the MIT Sloan Fellows MBA program for entry in 2026 has now passed.
If you are interested in applying in a future admissions cycle, we encourage you to
introduce yourself
and
register for an event
to stay connected with us. You’ll learn more about the program, hear from members of the MIT Sloan community, and stay informed about upcoming admissions updates, events, and next year’s application deadline.
Additional References
We want to make sure we give you the best chance to show us your strengths. You must provide contact information for two additional professional references. If we still have questions after reading your application, we might reach out to your additional references. Similar to your recommender, these additional reference contacts should be able to speak to your professional and/or academic background. These two individuals should be different from your recommender.
Collapse
Cover Letter
This global leadership development program is a 12-month, full-time MBA program designed to prepare an elite group of global mid-career managers with the management skills necessary to magnify their impact as leaders and innovators. Our guiding principles are to help you develop critical skills essential for future leaders; to instill a spirit of innovation through exceptional opportunities at Sloan and across MIT; to foster a deep spirit of community among Fellows; to provide a breadth of electives and depth through one-on-one relationships with senior faculty; and to offer a flexible curriculum to allow you to tailor the program to meet your specific professional objectives. We accomplish this by maintaining a foundation in our three pillars of leadership, innovation, and global perspective.
Taking the above into consideration, please submit a cover letter seeking a place in the MIT Sloan Fellows MBA program. Your letter should conform to standard business correspondence, include one or more examples that illustrate why you meet the desired criteria, and be addressed to the Admissions Committee (300 words or less).
Collapse
One Letter of Recommendation
A detailed recommendation can tell us a lot about you. Make sure you select an individual qualified to speak about your results as a professional and your potential as a leader.
Some important details
:
SFMBA applicants must submit
one letter of recommendation
.
A recommendation from a professional contact is preferred, ideally a manager or supervisor.
We do not accept recommendations from family members.
Your letter of recommendation must be received by the deadline date for the round you are applying (see above for our deadlines.) It is your responsibility to remind your recommender to make sure it is submitted on time.
Please choose a recommender who is able to provide specific answers to the following questions:
How long and in what capacity have you known the applicant?
How does the applicant stand out from others in a similar capacity?
Please give an example of the applicant's impact on a person, group, or organization.
Please give a representative example of how the applicant interacts with other people.
Please tell us anything else you think we should know about this applicant.
Describe the most important piece of constructive feedback you have given the applicant. Please detail the circumstances and the applicant’s response.
Collapse
Organizational Chart
To help us better understand your current role and the impact that you have on your team and department, please submit an organizational chart. We should be able to clearly understand the internal structure of your organization, where you sit in your organization, and your line of reporting.
Organizational charts should not be more than two pages and keep the following in mind
:
Give us as many details as possible (names, titles, etc.) but it’s okay to redact names if you need to.
Please circle your role in red so that your position is easily identifiable.
Make sure we can easily identify where you are, to whom you report, and if applicable, who reports to you.
If your recommender or references are on your organizational chart (they may not be, and that’s okay!), please highlight them for us.
If you are a consultant, entrepreneur, or affiliated with the military, review our
FAQs
for suggestions on how to approach the organizational chart.
Click here to view a sample organizational chart.
Collapse
Professional Questions
Applicants will be required to reply to the following two professional questions. Responses are limited to 200 words.
1. Please share your immediate and long-term professional objectives and how the SFMBA program will help you to achieve them.
2. General Managers are often responsible for strategy, budget, and/or work output from individuals and teams for
at least
one function of an organization with the ability to see the big picture across functions. General Managers are part of short-term and long-term strategy discussions and work cross-functionally to achieve a goal or specific strategy. Please describe your General Management experience.
Collapse
Relevant Coursework & Professional Certifications
We welcome applicants from many types of academic backgrounds and do not have any academic prerequisites. That being said, we want to understand what relevant coursework you have already completed in order to assess how you might handle our core SFMBA courses.
In the application, we ask you to tell us which courses (if any) in the following subject areas you have taken. We’ll also ask what grade you received in each course.
Calculus
Communications
Microeconomics
Organizational Behavior
Probability
Statistics
Additionally, if you earned special certifications or took professional development courses in your spare time, please tell us about them! Feel free to submit academic evidence not already on your transcripts, such as: professional certifications CFA, CPA, ACCA, among others; non-degree coursework such as MITx MicroMasters, CORe, edX, MBA Math, or any other non-degree coursework you completed.
Collapse
Resume
Please submit a resume (no more than two pages) to help us track your academic and career path. Try to focus on your work results, not just your title or job description.
Here are some pointers on formatting
:
Two-page limit
Times New Roman font
Size 10 font
Word or PDF formats only
Provide the following information in reverse chronological order
:
Education: Please include relevant awards, scholarships, and professional societies.
Work Experience: Please include company name, title, results-oriented bullets that demonstrate your skill set, and dates.
Additional information: Please include extracurricular activities/community service, technical skills/certifications, special skills/interests, and languages spoken (if applicable).
Collapse
Test Scores
Submission of a standardized test, such as GMAT (Focus Edition or 10
th
Edition), GRE, or EA, is optional when applying for the SFMBA program. If you have a GMAT (Focus Edition or 10
th
Edition), GRE, or EA score, you are encouraged to submit it as an additional data point to be considered by the Admissions Committee. Those without a test score will be reviewed as is, with no negative inferences.
We will accept self-reported test scores by the application deadline and welcome scores from exams delivered both online and at test centers. Official scores should also be sent using the following school codes:
To share your GMAT score, please enter Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) - MIT Sloan School of Management
GRE: 3536
EA: X5X-QS-71
If you took the GMAT Exam, please ensure that you select the correct edition from the dropdown in the application. The Graduate Management Admission Council (GMAC) launched the current version of the GMAT exam (the “GMAT Focus Edition”) in November 2023. This is the only version of the GMAT exam currently available, offered both online and at test centers. The current GMAT (GMAT Focus) Total Score range is 205–805. If you took the previous version of the GMAT exam, the Total Score range was 200–800. Although the score ranges appear similar, the underlying scales differ to reflect updated percentile distributions.
Learn more about GMAT exam scores here
.
Collapse
The World That Shaped You
The Admissions Committee is excited to learn more about you. In 250 words, please respond to the following short-answer question:
How has the world you come from shaped who you are today? Please use this opportunity to share more about your background.
Collapse
Transcripts
Please scan and upload your transcript(s) from all colleges and universities you attended or are currently attending. If you are currently earning a degree, please upload your most up-to-date transcript.
We review transcripts carefully; please double check that what you have uploaded is legible; if you can’t read it, neither can we!
Some important details
:
All applicants to the program must hold a four-year undergraduate degree or three-year equivalent undergraduate degree from outside of the U.S, by time of matriculation.
Do not mail any hard copies of official academic records or transcripts.
If you received an undergraduate degree as part of a master's program, please include an undergraduate entry in addition to your master's degree.
If your transcripts are not in English, please scan and upload both the original and the certified translation.
We cannot accept “digitally signed” or encrypted transcripts. If you’re having difficulty uploading your document, this may be the reason. Print out your transcript, scan it, and upload the PDF.
We do not accept transfer credits. Any MIT classes taken pre-matriculation cannot be counted toward your degree at MIT Sloan.
Once admitted to the program, you will be required to provide an official signed and sealed transcript(s). Any discrepancies between the scanned transcripts and official transcripts may result in a candidate’s rejection or a withdrawal of our offer of admission.
Collapse
Video Question 1
Introduce yourself to your future classmates. Here’s your chance to let your personality shine through, be conversational, be yourself. We can’t wait to meet you!
Videos should adhere to the following guidelines
:
No more than 1 minute (60 seconds) in length
Single take (no editing)
Speaking directly to the camera
Do not include background music or subtitles
Collapse
Video Question 2
All SFMBA applicants will be prompted to respond to a randomly generated, open-ended question. The question is designed to help us get to know you better; to see how you express yourself and to assess fit with the MIT Sloan culture. It does not require prior preparation.
Video Question 2 is part of your required application materials and will appear as a page within the application, once the other parts of your application are completed. Applicants are given 10 seconds to prepare for a 60-second response.
The following are examples of questions that may be asked in the Video Question 2:
What achievement are you most proud of and why?
Tell us about a time a classmate or colleague wasn’t contributing to a group project. What did you do?
Collapse
Application Fee
The non-refundable application fee of $250.00 USD must be paid online prior to submitting your application.
Please note that we cannot grant retroactive fee waivers if the application fee has already been paid online. If you are submitting a request, please wait to hear back from us.
You may be eligible for a fee waiver if the following applies:
Veteran or Active Duty U.S. Military Personnel
Collapse
Find answers to your most common questions
The Interview Process
Interviews are by invitation only. They are a required step in the process. An invitation to interview signals that your application has reached an advanced stage of consideration, but it does not guarantee admission. Those invited to interview will be asked to respond to an additional short-answer question prior to the interview. Details for submitting your response will be included in the interview invitation.
Interviews will be conducted virtually and are scheduled in local Boston time
.
WATCH: Interview Tips with Dawna Levenson, Assistant Dean of Admissions
In this video, Dawna Levenson, Assistant Dean of Admissions, walks you through the interview process and shares some tips to help you prepare.