URL: https://mitsloan.mit.edu/visiting-fellows
TITLE: Experience MIT Sloan | Visiting Fellows Program | MIT Sloan

What makes the Visiting   Fellows Program Unique?
“Providing globally acclaimed resources for students to literally customize curricula for individual goals for successful management, leadership and entrepreneurial disciplines is the core value of our Visiting Fellows’ experience.   Belonging to a Cohort of peers who share this passion to learn, achieve and be challenged, results in a lifetime of support, broadened networks and opportunities."
David V. Capodilupo, Assistant Dean, MIT Sloan Global Programs
About the Program
The MIT Sloan Visiting Fellows Program is a non-degree customized course of study that provides students, professionals, and MIT alumni the freedom  to explore all that MIT Sloan has to offer, as well as courses across the Institute, while cultivating  the skills and tools required to generate impact where it matters most. The Visiting Fellows Program provides access to an unparalleled education model that offers Fellows the flexibility to glean what they need to know now from the world's leading research institution in an expedited timeframe. We invite you to plug in to the MIT and Kendall Square ecosystem, level up your professional knowledge and leadership skills, and energize your network by connecting with industry leaders, innovators, and world-renowned faculty. Upon completion of the program, Visiting Fellows receive a certificate from MIT Sloan and affiliate status.
Applications are due by October 1, 2026, 5 pm ET, for the Spring '27 semester.
Unlike a traditional degree program, there are no course requirements. Visiting Fellows come to MIT with the freedom to pursue their academic and professional goals, such as developing new skills in global entrepreneurship, broadening their understanding of strategic innovation, or exploring international finance and capital markets. Visiting Fellows also participate in student clubs, conferences, and special seminars, and enjoy a wealth of cultural, social, and recreational activities, both on campus and in Cambridge and Boston.
Shahzad Ali, Norway
| Sloan Visiting Fellow 2024
My time at MIT as a Visiting Fellow has been the best challenge I have ever undertaken.
Program Details
Whether you're an executive seeking leading-edge ideas to advance to the next stage of your career, a student earning a degree elsewhere ready to supercharge your education, or an MIT alumna/alumnus eager to re-engage with the MIT ecosystem and reignite your mind and network, Visiting Fellows allows exploration of all that MIT Sloan has to offer with a relentless focus on generating impact where it matters most.
Create your own curriculum with a faculty advisor and design a specific course of study for the semester, aligned with your academic and professional goals.
Take courses at MIT Sloan, throughout MIT, and cross-register for courses at Harvard University. For those who decide to stay more than one semester, MIT Sloan offers
certificate programs in Business Analytics, Healthcare, and Digital Product Management.
Term Dates
The MIT Sloan Visiting Fellows Program is available in the following terms:
Spring: Begins early February through mid-May.
Fall: Begins early September through mid-December.
Tuition
Tuition for the MIT Sloan Visiting Fellows Program is $45,946 per semester. A special rate is available for MIT alumni and current students from a
GBSN member school
or MIT Sloan partner school.
Visiting Fellows Fall '24 - Spring '26
Fall 2024 Cohort
Spring 2025 Cohort
Fall 2025 Cohort
Spring 2026 Cohort
Video
Shahzad Ali, MIT Sloan Visiting Fellow, Fall 2024
Video
Yvonne Tsai, MIT Sloan Visiting Fellow, Fall 2024
Video
Dharshan Baskar, MIT Sloan Visiting Fellow, Spring & Fall 2024
Video
Henrique Domakoski, MIT Sloan Visiting Fellows Program Alumnus
Video
Marcelo Dutilh, MIT Sloan Visiting Fellows Program Alumnus
Video
Norah Alkhursany, MIT Sloan Visiting Fellow Program Alumna
/