URL: https://www.rwu.edu/admission/financial-aid/applying-aid/summer-aid
TITLE: Summer Aid | Roger Williams University

Summer Aid
The best time to meet with a financial aid advisor for a specific estimate of your summer financial aid eligibility is after you have registered for Summer Session. If you cannot register early, at least determine which classes you plan to take before meeting with a financial aid advisor for an estimate of your financial aid eligibility.
Student may be eligible for Pell Grants (eligible undergraduate students), Federal Direct Loans, Federal Work-Study, and private loans. Please visit
Applying for Aid
for a list of eligibility requirements.
Summer Session I is considered a “trailer” term at RWU for the prior academic year.
Summer Session II
is considered a “header” term at RWU for the subsequent academic year.
Academic Year 2024/2025
Header
'24 Summer II
Fall
'24 Fall Term
Spring
'25 Spring Term
Trailer
'25 Summer I
Guidelines for Summer Financial Aid
Summer is considered to be connected with either the prior fall and spring semesters - or the subsequent fall and spring semesters - when determining the award year.
Student must be making Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) as determined by the Financial Aid Office at the end of the spring semester.
Financial aid for the summer term can’t exceed your cost of attendance for the term. The Financial Aid Office determines the cost of attendance. Your COA is based on enrollment, tuition, fees, room, board, books and supplies, and personal and miscellaneous expenses.
If your plans for enrollment change, let the Financial Aid Office know, so that we can adjust your award if necessary. You may lose or have to repay your financial aid award–including a Summer Pell Grant– if you drop or withdraw from a class, or have any other enrollment change.
If you complete your degree program (i.e., graduate) and then enroll in summer classes as a non-degree student, you will not qualify for summer financial aid
An email will be sent with instructions on how to login to your financial aid portal and accept/decline your offer for the summer semester.
Types of Summer Financial Aid
Federal Pell Grant
Click to Open
Federal Pell Grant eligibility will be based on number of credits enrolled. If you are enrolled and eligible, the school will award you Pell Grant funds, up to 150% of the student’s Pell Scheduled Award for the award year. You do have the option to reduce, decline, or return federal Pell Grant funds for any reason. To decline your funds, please submit to the financial aid office a signed, written statement declining your Pell Grant for the summer.
Federal Direct Loans
Click to Open
You must be enrolled at least half-time in the same summer session to apply for federal loans.
Your Federal Direct Loan eligibility for the
Summer I
session is partially dependent on the amount of Federal Direct Loan funds you borrowed during the previous fall and spring semesters. They are linked because there is a maximum level you can borrow with Federal Direct loans each academic year. The borrowing limit is set based on your grade level. See annual direct loan limits below.
Utilizing your Federal Direct Loan funds for the
Summer II
session will reduce the amount offered to you for the upcoming Fall/Spring terms. If you would like to borrow Federal Direct Loan funds for the Summer II session, your Federal Direct Loan eligibility would be prorated (Summer/Fall/Spring).
Parent borrowers must complete the Parent PLUS Loan application on
studentaid.gov
, pass a credit check, and complete a Master Promissory Note.
Private Student Loans
Click to Open
If you are enrolled less than half-time, you can apply for a private loan directly with the lender of your choice. Please contact the lender for eligibility requirements.
Federal Work Study
Click to Open
Eligibility for work-study is determined using the information from your Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Students must have demonstrated financial need. These funds are intended to assist you with educationally related expenses for the upcoming academic year. Check out the
student employment website
for more information.
Annual Federal Direct Loan Limits
This table shows annual federal direct loan limits
Year in School
Dependent Student Maximum Federal Direct Loan
Dependent Student with Parent PLUS denial Maximum Federal Direct Loan
Independent Student Maximum Federal Driect Loan
1st Year Undergraduate
0-26 completed credits
$5,500 (up to $3,500 in subsidized)
$9,500 (up to $3,500 in subsidized)
$9,500 (up to $3,500 in subsidized)
2nd Year Undergraduate
27-56 completed credits
$6,500 (up to $4,500 in subsidized)
$10,500 (up to $4,500 in subsidized)
$10,500 (up to $4,500 in subsidized)
3rd Year Undergraduate
57-86 completed credits
$7,500 (up to $5,500 in subsidized)
$12,500 (up to $5,500 in subsidized)
$12,500 (up to $5,500 in subsidized)
4th Year Undergraduate
87-120 completed credits
$7,500 (up to $5,500 in subsidized)
$12,500 (up to $5,500 in subsidized)
$12,500 (up to $5,500 in subsidized)