URL: https://www.rwu.edu/admission/financial-aid/applying-aid/financial-aid-timeline-and-important-dates
TITLE: Financial Aid Timeline and Important Dates | Roger Williams University

Financial Aid Timeline and Important Dates
Important Financial Aid Dates
The first step? Complete the appropriate forms – as early as possible to be eligible for maximum aid.
Undergraduate freshman applicants who are requesting aid must submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) between October 1 and March 1. The FAFSA is available online at
studentaid.gov
. Our FAFSA code is 003410.
Undergraduate transfer applicants who are requesting aid must submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) between October 1 and March 1. The FAFSA is available online at
studentaid.gov
. Our FAFSA code is 003410.
Financial Aid Timeline
October
Oct. 1: The FAFSA is available online - and the sooner it is completed the better off you are (due by 3/1)
January
Jan. 1: Spring Semester Payment Deadline
Jan. 15: Recommended FAFSA filing date for current students
Start looking at payment plans and external scholarship options
Notification of acceptance and merit-based scholarship awards are sent to students who have applied Early Action
Financial aid packages are mailed to all Early Action accepted students
February
Feb. 1: RWU application for regular decision admission is due
Feb 1: Bristol, R.I. residential scholarship applications are due
Feb. 1: Priority deadline for continuing students to apply for aid
March
March 1: FAFSA is due for undergraduate freshmen students, last day to submit FAFSA
March 1: FAFSA is due for undergraduate transfer students, last day to submit FAFSA
Notification of acceptance and merit scholarship awards are sent to students who have applied Regular Decision
Financial aid packages are mailed to all accepted students
April and May
Work on payment options – tuition and room deposits are due on June 1
Submit additional documentation (if applicable) to the Financial Aid Office
June
June 1: Accept or Decline Federal Student Loans on Financial Aid portal
June 1: Tuition deposit is due
June 1: Room deposit is due
June 2: Summer session payment deadline
Submit any Parent Federal PLUS and other private loan applications according to application instructions
Complete Master Promissory Note and Entrance Counseling for Federal Direct Loans
July
July 1: If you have opted for a tuition payment plan, payments begin on this date
July 3: Fall session payment deadline
Finalize any additional outside funding options, celebrate your student’s high school graduation and enjoy the summer helping them get ready to go to RWU!
August
Aug. 18: Deadline to waive university health insurance
Orientation
Move in Day!