URL: https://www.rwu.edu/admission/international-students
TITLE: International Students | Roger Williams University

International Students
At RWU, we form a community to help you succeed and adjust to life in the U.S. We welcome students, like you, from all over the world and help them each step of the way. We value what you add to our community and are focused on your success. To aid you, we provide a range of services that includes peer mentors and support groups.
Along with your studies, adventure waits for you here. There’s plenty to do on campus and we’re perfectly located in Bristol, Rhode Island. We’re just a half hour drive from both Providence and Newport, RI, and a 60-minute drive from Boston. New York is just a three-hour train ride from Providence, which also has bus stations and an airport to get you where you want to go.
We also recognize students with superior academic achievement through the awarding of merit scholarships. The RWU International Scholarship is a merit-based scholarship for international students. Accepted international applicants are guaranteed a scholarship valued at 50 percent of standard tuition, housing and meals. This scholarship is annual and renewable. No separate application is necessary.
Admission Requirements
Learn what you need to apply to RWU, for both first-year and transfer international students.
Learn About Admission Requirements
Applying for a Visa and Entering the U.S.
Most international students will need an F-1 visa to study in the United States. View the requirements needed for freshman and transfer students to obtain the visa and the Form I-20.
Learn More About the Visa and Form I-20
Tuition & Fees
Get up-to-date information on annual tuition prices and fees. Also, try out the Net Price Calculator, a helpful tool that will assist you in the financial planning process.
Learn More About Undergraduate Tuition & Fees
International Student Services
RWU works with student services and academic departments to ensure the successful matriculation and graduation of international undergraduate and graduate students as well as visiting scholars.
Learn More About RWU's International Student Services
Intercultural Center
RWU embraces all cultures and backgrounds and furthers a civil discourse across global perspectives. The entire RWU community is encouraged to take advantage of the many resources and activities at the Intercultural Center, which provides a student-centered space with the motto: “Welcoming people of all nationalities, faiths and personal identities.”
Learn More About RWU's Intercultural Center
Additional Information
RWU International Merit Scholarship
Click to Open
Roger Williams University strives to recognize students with superior academic achievement through the awarding of merit scholarships. The RWU International Scholarship is a merit-based scholarship for international students. Accepted international applicants are guaranteed a scholarship valued at up to 50 percent of tuition, housing and food. This scholarship is annual and renewable. No separate application is necessary.
International Admission Mission Statement
Click to Open
We firmly believe that our campus community is enhanced by the presence of international students, providing international students with a distinctive education experience while at the same time enriching the education of U.S. students through their own exposure to people from other countries and cultures.
Roger Williams University values global cooperation in a world that has increasingly become culturally, environmentally and economically interdependent. RWU is committed to developing strong global leaders by providing students with the international and intercultural experiences and competencies needed to thrive in their personal and professional lives. The University aspires to advance students' knowledge of world politics, economies and events, and to instill in all an appreciation and understanding of other cultures and customs in and out of the classroom.
Recruiting Partnerships
Click to Open
Roger Williams University has a working relationship with international agencies to assist in the recruitment of international students. It is our commitment to work with organizations who operate to the high ethical standards and in the best interest of the student, their families, and Roger Williams University. The following represents a complete list of organizations that have an official working agreement with Roger Williams University:
Canam Consultants
– India
Doori Institute
– South Korea
OK Tamam Group
- Turkey
Valmiki Group
– India
IvyU Ltd
. – Hong Kong SAR & China
Routes Overseas Consultants
– Pakistan
Snapp Study
– Albania, Italy, Iran, Malaysia, Turkey
Secondary School Records
Click to Open
Along with your application, you must submit official secondary school academic records of the last four years of study, plus a copy of any terminating or qualifying examination results or certificates.
Please contact us for any specific requirements for your own country.
If you are applying during your last year of secondary school, state the name of the certificate you expect to receive and when. Send an unofficial school transcript with your application now, and send original or certified copies of your credentials when they become available.
Inviting Family to Visit
Click to Open
If your family would like to visit you while at Roger Williams University or for Commencement, they will most likely need to apply for a Visitor’s Visa (B-1/B-2 visa stamp). Canadian citizens and citizens of visa waiver countries do not need to obtain visa stamps and can apply for this status at the Port of Entry.
Unlike student and scholar visas (F and J), the visitor visa is not “sponsored” and no specific form is attached to it (like the I-20). Applicants who need a visa stamp should be prepared to explain the following points at their visa application:
That the visit to the United States will be temporary
That there are adequate finances to cover the cost of transportation and living expenses
That they have a residence outside of the U.S. to which they will return
For the first question, a letter of invitation from you and from Roger Williams University may be helpful. When you are preparing a letter, be sure to address your status in the United States (e.g. student, F-1, J-1) and your intent to return home. You should also address the “cost of living” issue (for example, if your family will be staying with you instead of in a hotel or if you will help cover their finances while here). Copies of your visa documents are also helpful. The registrar can provide you with a letter stating that you are a full-time registered student at RWU, or a formal invitation to your graduation ceremony would be considered a letter of invitation from the University.
The second item can be addressed by your letter of invitation and a current bank statement. If you will help cover your family’s costs during their visit, you should submit your bank statement. However, your family members can also show their own funding in their bank statements. There is also a form
I-134
called an Declaration of Support, which can be completed by you and used at the visa interview. It is not required, and many people choose not to use it.
The third item, proving the intent to return home, might not even be asked in the interview process. However, applicants should be prepared to show they intend to return home whether by showing a job, family, property or other commitments that would bring them back to their home countries.
Resources
Click to Open
Request Information
New Student Inquiry Form
International Student Immigration Forms
Required international student immigration forms (e.g., Immigration I-20 Form and F1 Transfer Verification Form) are available in the RWU Applicant Portal.  Contact the Admission Office at
admit@rwu.edu
if you have questions about the international student enrollment process.
Financial Resources (not affiliated with RWU)
EduPASS
eStudentLoan
Fastweb
FinAid! Student Financial Aid Guide
Free Scholarships and Financial Aid
Institute of International Education
International Education Financial Aid
NAFSA: Association of International Educators
Peterson's Services
Rotary International
SallieMae
The College Board Scholarship Search
The Princeton Review
The Scholarship Institute
Global Student Loan Corporation
International Scholarships Online
International Student Exchange and Student Abroad Resource Center
For Latin/Caribbean Students
CitiBank
Sun Trust
Access Group - Comprehensive Access Loan
Contact your Embassy
Academic
SAT Testing Services
Credential Evaluation Services
IELTS: International English Language Testing System
US Government/Immigration
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
Embassies
-
Foreign Embassies of Washington, D.C.
U.S. Embassies and Consulates Overseas
Contact
Prospective Undergraduate Students
Julia McCarthy
Assistant Director of Undergraduate Admission
Email:
jmmcarthy@rwu.edu
Phone:
(401) 254 3411
Prospective Graduate Students
Allison Werner
Senior Assistant Director of Graduate Admission
Email:
awerner@rwu.edu
Phone:
(401) 254 3241
Current RWU Students
Dr. Aradhana Mehta
Senior Advisor
Email:
amehta@rwu.edu
Phone:
(401) 254 3400