URL: https://www.rwu.edu/undergraduate/admission-aid/helpful-tips-securing-your-college-financial-plan
TITLE: Helpful Tips for Securing your College Financial Plan | Roger Williams University

Helpful Tips for Securing your College Financial Plan
Your college journey is about to begin! Your investment in your intellectual and personal growth, academic and life skills, and the broadening of your community and network is one of the most important and impactful decisions you can make. We are honored that you are entrusting RWU with this influential experience.
Securing your financial plan is one of the final important steps to ensure a smooth transition into college. Check out the next steps and helpful tips below.
Set Up a
Payment Plan
The 10-month payment plan spreads your academic year payments out into smaller, incremental payments. You’ll have 5 smaller payments to make during the fall semester, and 5 smaller payments to make during the spring semester.
Set up your plan by logging into your
Student Account Center
and clicking on Payment Plan.
There is a $40 enrollment fee per semester to take advantage of the plan, but there is zero interest charged.
Check out this helpful video that walks you through the steps of using RWU's billing portal.
Affording College
Don’t forget to use your
529 College Savings Plan
if you have one! Contact your plan administrator directly for their specific procedure.
Considering
loans
? We have a
Suggested Lender List
to check out to compare options.
Check out this helpful video to learn about how loans work!
Have you applied for
outside scholarships
? If not, check out our
Tips for Applying for Outside Scholarships
.
Check out this helpful video on resources to afford college.
Connect
with Us for Help
We invite you to
schedule a personal appointment
with your financial aid counselor to answer any questions and/or for assistance with your financial options.
Your financial aid counselor can discuss loans, scholarships
,
payment plans, and other resources to help pay your bill.