URL: https://www.rwu.edu/understanding-financial-aid-and-paying-college-0
TITLE: Understanding Financial Aid | Roger Williams University

Understanding Financial Aid
A college education is a significant investment in your future. This page is designed to help you better understand all aspects of the process: from applying for financial aid, knowing the types of aid available to you, and getting a better idea of your actual out-of-pocket cost. Learn more about
RWU's Financial Aid
approach and how we go further with aid by putting you at the focus of it all. We are here to help every step of the way!
Financial Aid Calculator
The Net Price Calculator is a helpful tool that will provide you with an estimate of the merit and need-based aid for which you are likely to qualify before you go through the full financial aid application process. This early estimate is a great starting point for you to make sense, not just of RWU costs, but also of the actual cost your family may pay once you factor in scholarships and other sources of aid.
Get an estimate of attending RWU!
Financial Aid Made Easy!
From loans to work-study options, find out what the different types of financial aid are and how they can help you afford your college journey!
What's the Real Cost of College?
Sticker prices might seem intimidating, but remember that those prices are before financial aid! Learn how to use the Net-Price Calculator to get an estimate of your personal investment in an RWU education.
How Do College Loans Work?
Learn about the different types of college loans, how they are structured, and where you can get them! Get everything you need to responsibly take out loans and save money by not taking out more than you need.
Resources for Affording College!
Every student has at least 3 resources to assist them in affording college, watch this video to learn more!
Things to note about Financial Aid at RWU!
• 99% of RWU students receive aid in the form of scholarships and/or need-based aid
• Average new student aid offer 2024-25: $35,000
• RWU aid (scholarships and grants) is guaranteed for all four years of full-time, undergraduate enrollment
•Nearly 1,300 paid student jobs on campus
•
Financed Internship Training (FIT) program
providing paid, on-campus internships
•
Architecture Career Investment program
providing stipends for summer internships
• Financial aid funding available for study abroad
• Applicants are automatically considered for merit-based scholarships, including international students
RWU Scholarship Opportunities
Merit Scholarships
All applicants are considered for merit scholarships. These awards are renewable for four years of full-time, undergraduate enrollment in good academic standing.
Travel Grant
A $1,500 grant awarded to all qualified, out-of-region students; a renewable award, in addition to an applicable merit scholarship.
Intercultural Leadership Ambassador (ILA) Scholarship
This scholarship recognizes, rewards and celebrates a diverse group of students, who have demonstrated academic achievement and leadership. The program includes a scholarship covering 95% of tuition for four consecutive years of undergraduate study in addition to being automatically a part of a co-curricular program which provides mentorship and academic support while furthering the holistic and leadership growth of recipients.
Endowed Scholarships
Numerous funds are awarded based on financial need and other characteristics specific to each award.
Academic Excellence Grant
Returning students who earn a 3.6 GPA or higher are awarded the Academic Excellence Grant. This is a $1,000 award applied to each year of qualifying performance that can result in up to $6,000 in additional grant aid during a four-year program.
Honors Program Experimental Learning Grant
University Honors students are guaranteed a $2,000 grant for one semester to support participation in an internship or research project.
Learn about RWU's Financial Aid Approach!