URL: https://www.rwu.edu/undergraduate/admission-aid/financial-aid/types-aid/new-student-awards-and-endowed-scholarships/shawmut-scholars
TITLE: Shawmut Scholars Program | Roger Williams University

Shawmut Scholars Program
Roger Williams University (RWU) and Shawmut Design and Construction partner in this innovative program, which provides scholarships, professional development, and mentorship to students in RWU’s School of Engineering, Computing, and Construction Management (SECCM), enabling them to succeed academically and professionally.
Empowering Future Leaders
Roger Williams University (RWU) and
Shawmut Design and Construction
share a longstanding partnership rooted in a shared commitment to providing accessibility to education for students. Shawmut Scholars Program, launched in 2021, has made strides in addressing these critical strides for students in construction.
For students, this initiative is a gateway to success. The program’s comprehensive support — including financial assistance, internships, mentorship, and a curated professional development program specifically designed for them — ensures that participants are equipped to excel academically and professionally.
The program’s success speaks volumes. The inaugural cohort of Shawmut Scholars graduated in the Spring of 2025, with the students securing impactful roles within Shawmut. They are not only transforming their own lives but also contributing to a more inclusive construction industry. The next cohort of Shawmut Scholars begins their academic and professional journey at RWU in the Fall of 2025.
"As a second-language learner, I faced many challenges when I came to the U.S. Yet, Shawmut transformed those obstacles into opportunities. They recognized my potential even before I began my journey at Roger Williams University and provided resources to help me thrive."
- Jenifer Gomez, Shawmut Scholar
“At Shawmut, we are deeply committed to the belief that organizations thrive when they foster talent and innovation through a diversity of people and thought. We couldn’t have a better partner in developing the most talented professionals for our industry than Roger Williams University."
- Les Hiscoe, CEO of Shawmut
"Shawmut Scholars further drives diversity in the industry, starting at the ground floor when students are beginning to shape their careers. We are dedicated to this work because future generations of builders and leaders are depending on us to provide meaningful opportunities for success in the industry."
- Marianne Monte, Chief People Officer of Shawmut
Program Details
The Shawmut Scholars Program adopts a holistic, campus-to-career approach with five major program components, including:
Financial Support, which enables scholars to focus on their studies.
Internships and externships from Shawmut that provides practical, hands-on experiences that bridge classroom learning with real-world applications.
Mentorship and networking for each scholar, pairing with a Shawmut mentor, create valuable connections that support career growth.
Professional Development from RWU’s Center for Career and Professional Development that includes tailored programming, from resume workshops to industry events.
Community building through initiatives like orientation sessions and ongoing support to help the scholars build a sense of belonging and purpose.
The first cohort of scholars who graduate this year all received job offers from Shawmut Design & Construction the Summer before their senior year.
This comprehensive scholarship and professional development program provides financial assistance to four (4) full-time incoming first-year students majoring in construction management, or business or architecture majors who commit to minoring in construction management. The award is renewable for up to three additional years of full-time undergraduate enrollment in good academic standing and is awarded every four years. All accepted students will be considered through their admission application and a short essay. Shawmut Design & Construction, in partnership with Roger Williams University, will award a sizeable grant in addition to RWU scholarships and aid, along with a $2,500 yearly stipend for paid internships and externships in related programs.
RWU Shawmut Scholars Get Full Scholarships and Great Internships
Combining industry-aligned education with real-world experience, the RWU Shawmut Scholars program is an innovative partnership that enhances student learning beyond the classroom. Along with full-tuition scholarships, Shawmut Scholars get paid internships, professional development and career networking opportunities with leading industry professionals.
RWU Shawmut Scholars in the News
RWU's Inaugural Shawmut Scholars Cohort Graduate Directly into Careers
First graduates start their path to becoming the leaders shaping the built environment.
Read about the Graduate Cohort Here
.
Constructor, the Associated General Contractor of America Magazine, featured RWU's Shawmut Scholars program in their publication.
Read about our talent-development pipeline program in Constructor, the Associated General Contractor of America Magazine.