URL: https://www.fordham.edu/graduate-school-of-education/admissions/application-process/application-requirements
TITLE: Graduate School of Education Application Requirements | Fordham Graduate School of Education

GSE Application Requirements
Contact
Contact us at
[email protected]
with any questions about the application process.
Criteria for admission vary according to degree program and specialty. Please consult the
academic program page
for special requirements, including prerequisites. In addition to the program-specific criteria, all applicants seeking admission to graduate degree programs in the Graduate School of Education must meet the following requirements:
Liberal Arts and Science Background
All applicants must have a baccalaureate degree from an accredited college or university and have obtained a minimum grade point average (GPA) of 3.0 (B). If you have received a post-bachelors degree from an accredited college or university, a minimum GPA of 3.5 is required.
Official transcripts of all coursework taken at the undergraduate and/or graduate level must be submitted to the GSE Office of Admissions either electronically (to
[email protected]
) or by paper mail.
If a degree has been completed, the transcript must include the degree awarded and the date conferred.
Resume/Curriculum Vitae
Applicants are required to submit a resume or Curriculum Vitae (C.V.) with the online application.
Personal Statement
You are required to submit a personal statement in the appropriate section of the
online application
.
There are two questions asked which all applicants to GSE must answer. The third question is required for doctoral applicants only.
Letters of Recommendation
Applicants are required to submit two letters of recommendation.
Recommendations must be submitted online through the
online application
.
GRE/MAT Exams
Applicants to the following programs and program areas are not required to submit standardized test scores. For more information, please contact the Admissions Office at 212-636-6400 or
[email protected]
.
Ph.D. in Counseling Psychology
: GRE (optional)
Ph.D. in School Psychology
: GRE (optional)
Ed.D. in Administration and Supervision
: GRE/MAT (optional)
Ph.D. in Administration and Supervision
: GRE/MAT (optional)
M.S.T. programs
: GRE or equivalent exam not required
M.S.E. programs in
Teaching
or
Educational Leadership
: GRE or equivalent exam not required
Advanced Certificate programs in
Teaching
or Educational Leadership: GRE or equivalent exam not required
Students who choose to take the GRE or MAT exam should take it at least one month prior to the application deadline to ensure timely receipt of scores by GSE Admissions. Our GRE school code is 2252.
Requirements for International Students
Test Requirements
In addition to the general requirements for all applicants to the Graduate School of Education, international students whose native language is not English are required to demonstrate proficiency in oral and written English.
Evaluation of Foreign Credentials
Applicants must provide us with a translation of their transcripts if it is in a foreign language or not on the U.S. grading scale. A course-by-course evaluation is required with a GPA conversion to a U.S. grading scale. For expedited service in obtaining a course-by-course credential evaluation at a discounted rate from The Evaluation Company (TEC) (formerly Spantran), please complete the
TEC Evaluation Request Form
.
Other options for credential evaluations include World Education Services and Educational Credential Evaluators, but you may use any service that is a member of the
National Association of Credential Evaluation Services
(NACES).