URL: https://www.fordham.edu/graduate-school-of-education/admissions/tuition-and-financial-aid/faq/admitted-students
TITLE: Admitted Students GSE Tuition and Financial Aid FAQ  | Fordham Graduate School of Education

Admitted Students GSE Tuition and Financial Aid FAQ
FAQ for GSE School-Based Aid Admitted Students
How do students finance a Fordham degree?
There are two types of financial aid options that graduate students may apply for to help support them in financing their Fordham degree: One is GSE School based aid (institutional aid) and the other is federal financial aid (i.e. student loans), both will require that a
FAFSA
be on file for the academic year.
Fordham University’s Federal School Code is #002722.
As an international student, can I apply for School-based Aid?
International students can only apply for Graduate Assistantships, which are based on merit. International students are not eligible for scholarships due to the fact that scholarships are need based and require a filed FAFSA for which international students may not file, given they are not a US citizen.
As an international student, can I apply for Federal aid (student loans)?
International students may apply for a private loan, which requires a US co-signer. If you are interested in private loans and want to learn more about the process and the payment options, please visit the
Graduate Financial Aid website
. Please also feel free to reach out to the Office of Student Financial Services at 718.817.3800 who handles student loan processes. You may also want to reach out to the
University's Office of International Services
to see if they can provide you with additional resources.
What are other sources of funding that students may seek?
External sources of funding are another resource that students may seek to help finance their degree. However, these are outside scholarships and must be sought by students. Please review this link for
external sources of funding
.
What is GSE School based Aid?
GSE school-based aid consists of graduate assistantships, scholarships and grant funded programs. Students may apply to more than one aid program but can only receive financial support from one program within an academic year, per the GSE “no double dipping,” policy.
What is the GSE School-based aid policy for admitted students?
Per GSE aid policy, incoming students may apply for both a graduate assistantship and or a scholarship but will only be considered for financial support from one program; with exception of the Public Interest Scholarship which is a Dean’s scholarship and the only scholarship that may be combined with any other aid offer.
What is Federal financial aid?
Federal financial aid consists of students loans. There are several different graduate student loan options such as the Federal Direct Unsubsidized Loan, Federal Direct Graduate PLUS Loan and Private Education Loans that are available to students to help finance a Fordham degree. Students may apply for these loans
via the Graduate Financial Aid website
.
What is the percentage of GSE students that receive School based aid support?
Over 70% of GSE students, across all degree programs, receive some type of school-based aid support.
What are Graduate Assistantships (GAs)?
Graduate assistantship awards are work-study funding that provide tuition remission to help support students in financing their degree. There are specific award allocations based upon programs.
What are the eligibility requirements for Graduate Assistantships?
GA-ships are based on merit and a full-time status. Students must meet the following requirements: be enrolled in a minimum of 9 to 12 credits in any degree program within the Graduate School of Education; and meet minimum GPA requirements: 3.5 undergraduate GPA or 3.75 graduate GPA.
How are Graduate Assistantships packaged?
Awards are packaged based upon the students start term. Summer graduate assistantships are very
limited
and are packaged separately. GA-ships are packaged a year in advance for fall and spring semesters.
What type of scholarships does GSE provide?
GSE provides merit and need-based scholarships in addition to a limited number of endowed scholarships.
What are the eligibility requirements for a GSE need-based Scholarship?
GSE scholarships are based on both merit and financial need. To be eligible for GSE School-based scholarships, students must: maintain enrollment in two courses per the summer, fall, and spring semesters;
demonstrate financial need by completing a FAFSA; and meet minimum GPA requirements: 3.5 undergraduate GPA and 3.75 graduate GPA.
How are GSE need-based scholarships packaged?
Need-based scholarships are packaged depending upon a student's start term. Students with a summer start term; awards will be packaged for the summer, fall, and spring semesters.
Students with a fall start term; awards will be packaged for both fall and spring semesters.
What are endowed scholarships?
Endowed scholarships are donor-based and therefore, awards are issued based upon specific program parameter’s and availability of funds. The majority of endowed scholarships are reviewed in late November and recipients are awarded in the spring semesters, with exception to the Valerie Rowe and Zoller scholarships. Students who are selected by the Scholarship Committee will receive an award letter.
Am I eligible for school-based aid if I have applied to a grant funded program?
Some grant programs may provide tuition support in the second year of a student’s degree, which will then allow them to receive school based aid during their
first year
only. Otherwise, students are not eligible due to the GSE “no double dipping,” policy.
Is there a GSE school-based aid deadline for admitted students?
There is no financial aid application deadline for new students; however, awards are issued based on the availability of funds.
Can I apply for GSE School-based aid after I have been admitted into a program?
Incoming students must apply for school-based aid during the admissions application process by completing the GSE School-based supplemental form, which is embedded within the admissions application.