URL: https://www.fordham.edu/student-financial-services/graduate-financial-aid
TITLE: Graduate Financial Aid | Fordham

Graduate Financial Aid
We strive to help you find the financing options and resources that serve you best—including
loan programs
,
gift aid
, and
payment plans
, that can make your education more affordable. We’re excited to support you as you take the next step in furthering your education with us.
Find the right graduate financial aid resources for where you are in your journey.
Cost of Attendance
Gift Aid
Loan Options
Cost of attendance
The cost of attendance (COA) is an estimate of the education-related expenses a student may incur. It is also used to determine your maximum financial aid eligibility for an academic year. The COA includes direct expenses (tuition and fees) and an estimate of a student's indirect expenses (housing, food, transportation, and other miscellaneous expenses).
For tuition and cost of attendance information for graduate programs, please refer to the specific graduate schools’ pages:
Gabelli School of Business, Graduate
Graduate School of Arts and Sciences
Graduate School of Education
Graduate School of Social Service
School of Law
School of Professional and Continuing Studies, Graduate Division
Graduate student gift aid
Institutional funding and assistantships
provide financial opportunities to graduate students which are directly funded by the University. For information regarding which opportunities are available, contact your
graduate school
directly.
The Veterans Initiative
provides funds to individuals with at least 90 days of aggregate active duty service on or after September 11, 2001, or individuals discharged with a service-connected disability after 30 days.
Explore your student loan options
Federal Direct Unsubsidized Loans
require no credit check. Students enrolled at least half-time with a valid FAFSA may borrow up to $20,500 per year.
Graduate PLUS Loans
are credit based and allow eligible students to borrow up to their full Cost of Attendance. A valid FAFSA and at least half-time enrollment are required.
Note: Beginning July 1, 2026, Graduate PLUS Loans will be eliminated for new borrowers. Students who borrowed a federal loan for their current program before that date may continue borrowing under existing terms for up to three years or until program completion, whichever comes first.
Private education loans
are available from various financial institutions. These are not guaranteed by the federal government, so we suggest exploring your federal loan options first, as they may have more favorable terms and conditions.
FAFSA
The Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
is the federal financial aid form students complete to apply for all federal student financial aid.  The FAFSA takes 4–6 days to process.
Graduate Student Timeline
Date
Students applying for fall financial aid should have their
FAFSA
,
Federal Direct Loan Master Promissory Note
and
Entrance Counseling
submitted; this marks the beginning of the academic year.
June
Disbursement of fall financial aid/loans begins; classes start.
August
Fall add/drop period ends; processing of fall financial aid
refunds
begin.
September
Students applying for spring financial aid should have their
FAFSA
,
Federal Direct Loan Master Promissory Note
, and
Entrance Counseling
submitted.
October
Disbursement of spring financial aid/loans begins; classes start; spring add/drop period ends and financial aid
refunds
begin mid-late January.
January
Students applying for summer financial aid should have their FAFSA, Federal Direct Loan Master Promissory Note, and Entrance Counseling completed.
March
Disbursement of summer financial aid/loans begins; summer add/drop period ends and financial aid refunds begin; this marks the end of the academic year.
May
Payment Plans
Fordham encourages you to use the
interest-free monthly payment plan
first and then the federal loan programs before considering private loans to cover the cost of college.
View more information on billing
Financial aid portal
Your personal hub for all things financial aid.
Access the portal
E-bill Suite
Make a payment
Policies and Terms
View our aid policies and terms