URL: https://www.fordham.edu/undergraduate-admission/apply/how-to-apply/request-for-deferral-to-future-term-or-gap-year
TITLE: Request for Deferral to Future Term or Gap Year | Fordham

Request for Deferral to Future Term or Gap Year
What is a deferral/gap year?
A deferral/gap year is a process that allows an incoming first-year undergraduate student to defer their current offer of admission to a future term of entry. The goal of a deferral/gap year is to allow a student to pursue non-collegiate opportunities prior to enrolling in a college/university, having already secured a space in that college/university for a future term. These opportunities include but are not limited to: travel abroad, community service, artistic training programs, employment, religious missions, or military service. Deferrals for financial reasons are not permitted.
How long may I defer my offer of admission?
Students may defer for up to one year, either one semester or the full academic year.
Am I allowed to take college credits during the deferral period?
No. You may not enroll at any college or university as a degree seeking or non-matriculated student, or take any college courses, during the deferral period.
Am I allowed to apply to other colleges during the deferral?
No. When you defer, we are holding a place in the class for you, and you have declared your intent to enroll. As such, students will refrain from submitting any new applications for admission to colleges or universities during the time of deferral.
Will I retain my original financial aid offer?
Not necessarily. If you choose to defer your enrollment for one year, you will need to reapply for financial aid by submitting an updated
FAFSA
and
CSS Profile
. We do not guarantee that all scholarships and/or financial aid will carry over to the following year. (Note: students who defer for one semester do not need to refile and retain one half of their original award). The only scholarships we guarantee will carry over are the following:
Presidential Scholarship
Excellence in Theatre Scholarship
Fordham Scholarship
International Loyola Scholarship
Dean’s Scholar recipients are guaranteed the $25,000 merit portion of the award; the need portion will be reevaluated based on the updated financial filing.
How do I request a deferral?
If you’d like to request a deferral, the first step is to
contact your admission counselor
. Your admission counselor will advise you on next steps. If you wish to proceed, you will receive a form to formalize the request. Once the form is submitted, you will receive a response within five business days. If your deferral is approved, you will need to secure your place in the class by submitting the Enrollment Form and deposit payment by the deposit deadline. You will also be asked to sign a contract no later than July 1, confirming the terms of your deferral.
Contact Us
No matter where you are in your college search, we're here to answer your questions, help you learn more about Fordham, and support you through the admission process.
E-mail us
General:
[email protected]
International:
[email protected]
Transfer Students:
[email protected]
Financial Aid:
[email protected]
Find your
admission counselor
Information for counselors
Visit and Chat with us
Schedule a Visit:
[email protected]
Chat with our student ambassadors
Connect with us on social media
Follow us on
Instagram
Request Information
Loading...
Explore our programs ›
Visit us ›
Apply now ›