URL: https://www.fordham.edu/undergraduate-admission/visit
TITLE: Visit Fordham | Fordham

Visit Fordham
One of the best ways to get a sense of what your life could be like as a Fordham student is to visit
both of our campuses
located in the heart of NYC—
Rose Hill in the Bronx
and
Lincoln Center in Manhattan
. Our campuses are just eight miles apart and connected by an intercampus shuttle called the Ram Van. Feel free to select a campus to visit or sign up for programming at both.
Ways to visit Fordham
We offer visit opportunities for students and families, high school counselors, and groups, such as high school classes and clubs. We also host special events throughout the year that feature sessions with our president and opportunities to meet faculty and staff. These events provide you with the info you need, no matter where you are in the application and admission process.
We're so excited you're interested in coming to explore our campuses! Here is some information to help you pick the right events for you.
On-campus options
|
Group tours
|
Virtual visit options
|
Area hotels
|
Maps and directions
Information Session with Tour
March 16-May 1
Get a well-rounded look at our University with a
focus on the application process and the student experience
through our Information Session and Tour program.
Offered on most weekdays, and select Saturdays
Two hours
Open to all visitors
Prospective student presentation led by an admission counselor
Student-led campus tour
Opportunity to speak with an admission counselor at the conclusion of your tour
Please note: Select information sessions with tours available February 14-19.
Register for an information session with tour
Please explore our calendar to see posted offerings. When booking, select the date of your choice on the calendar to view options and availability. You must book a separate campus tour for each of our two campuses: Rose Hill (Bronx) & Lincoln Center (Manhattan).
Guided Tour
January 20-May 1
If you’re looking to
see either (or both!) of our campuses
, then we recommend our daily campus tours.
Offered weekdays
One hour
Open to all visitors
Student-led campus tour
Opportunity to speak with an admission counselor at the conclusion of your tour
Register for a guided tour
Self-Guided Tour
If you're looking to move through campus at your own pace, a self-guided tour might be the option for you.
Offered weekdays and most weekends, year-round
Arrive anytime within your chosen window
Times vary, though a self-guided tour may take anywhere from 45 to 90 minutes
Open to all prospective students and families
This tour has no guide, though you will receive a tour booklet
Opportunity to speak with an admission counselor before or after, when the University is open
Please note: Residence halls are
not
part of a self-guided tour.
Register for a self-guided tour
Explore our Rose Hill campus.
When you’re ready to start your tour, click the walking icon
in the upper left-hand corner
to access our trails, which are preset routes that guide you around campus!
Begin Your Rose Hill Campus Tour
There are four routes around campus, and one for the neighborhood:
campus life
athletics
academic buildings
essential campus
local restaurants
Click the tour you’re interested in and follow the route.
Walking Icon
Arrow Icon
Building icon
If you want specific directions from one spot on the tour to another, click on the walking icon, then the arrow icon, and choose your starting point and ending point from our list of locations, like Moglia Stadium or Hughes Hall.
Let’s say you’re on the campus life route and you want to get from Eddies Parade to Walsh Library. Hit walking and arrow icons, select your start and end point, and follow the directions.
Fordham's Lincoln Center campus is vertical, comprising of four high-rise buildings. The below locations appear on our YouVisit trails, but are not linked to any specific tour. Click on the building icons to learn more about each site.
Begin Your Lincoln Center Campus Tour
Walking Icon
Arrow Icon
Building icon
The following is a suggested path to follow if using our
Youvisit trails feature
:
Leon Lowenstein Center:
Enter at West 60th Street and Columbus Avenue.
Street Level: To access the locations on “street level,” please refer to the signage posted around the ground floor of the Lowenstein Center. These locations do not require the usage of elevators or escalators you may see.
Leon Lowenstein Center (LL)
Generoso Pope Memorial Auditorium
Veronica Lally Kehoe Studio Theatre
Visual Arts Complex
Franny's Space
Second Floor: To access the second floor, go up the escalators on your right when you first enter Lowenstein Lobby. Then, from the plaza level, take the elevators up to the second floor.
Offices of Undergraduate Admission and Student Financial Services
Blessed Rupert Mayer, S.J., Chapel
140 West 62nd Street:
To access 140 West from Lowenstein, go to the plaza level, exit the building, and walk across the plaza to the tan building on your right.
Gabelli School of Business
Plaza Level: Walking down the short flight of stairs from the plaza will bring you to the “plaza level” of 140 West.
Gerald M. Quinn Library
Street Level: After entering the Gerald M. Quinn Library on the plaza level, walk straight across the walkway, turn right and continue straight until you see stairs on your right. Going down these stairs will bring you to street level and Platt Court.
Platt Court
McNally Amphitheatre
Garden Level: Once in Platt Court, go down the descending set of stairs closest to “The Observer” newspaper stand.
Garden Level, 140 West
When you’re ready to start your neighborhood walking tour, click the walking icon to access our trails, which is a preset route that guides you around the neighborhood.
Our Lincoln Center route is a local neighborhood restaurant tour, perfect for those looking to eat after visiting campus!
If you want specific directions from one spot on the tour to another, click on the walking icon, then the arrow icon, and choose your starting point and ending point from our list of locations.
Group Tour Visit Options
We want your high school, college access group, or club to visit Fordham, but need to make sure we can be good hosts.
The University requires student participants to be enrolled in high school (freshmen through seniors) or college (prospective transfer students).
The minimum size for a group tour is 10 students and the maximum size is 30 students. Fordham requires one chaperone for every ten students.
Larger groups, those without chaperones, or any group without a confirmed appointment for a guided tour will be denied access to campus. Please help us by following our guidelines.
Request a group tour
All requests must be received at least two weeks prior to the desired visit date. A request does not guarantee a tour. You will be contacted to confirm a date and time. There is a limit of one group tour per academic term for each organization.
Tours are led by Fordham students, and they're busy. This means group tours are only offered at the following times:
Fall Semester
Fall offerings will be posted in August.
Spring Semester
Lincoln Center (Manhattan) Campus:
Wednesdays and Thursdays at 1 p.m.
Rose Hill (Bronx) Campus:
Tuesdays and Wednesdays at 10 a.m.
Summer
Summer offerings will be posted in May.
Regretfully, group tours are
not
offered in May or December, on weekends, during University holidays, on Undergraduate Admission Office event days, through self-guided visits, during mid-terms and finals, or when our tour guides or staff have other conflicts. See our calendar of available dates when you make your request below.
Please note: Offerings for future seasons will not be posted until the times listed above. Please check back then to view our availability.
Here's what else you should know.
How long do tours typically last?
Tours typically last 45 minutes to one hour. Visitors will have an opportunity to walk through academic buildings, the student center, and the library, while learning about services offered to students both current and prospective. You will have the chance to learn about historical facts and stories from our very own students!
Does Fordham provide lunch and/or transportation as part of the experience?
Fordham does not provide lunch or transportation as part of the visit experience. If you choose to bring lunch to eat on campus, you may utilize unused, public, outdoor space for your group; however, we are unable to secure a dedicated room for the group.
Are there public transportation options close to each campus?
We have many ways in which you can access our two campuses. When traveling to Rose Hill, you can travel via the Metro-North Harlem line and disembark at the Fordham Road stop. You can also access the campus via the B, D, and 4 subway lines or via a variety of city buses. When traveling to Lincoln Center, you can travel via the subway and disembark at the Columbus Circle stop at 59th St.
Does Fordham provide an information session as part of the tour?
We do not offer a standard information session as part of the group tour experience. Our student ambassadors who lead the tour are very knowledgeable and involved in the Fordham community and are happy to answer any questions during your tour. If there is a question you would prefer to ask an admission counselor, you may come back to the Office of Undergraduate Admission and ask to speak with an admission representative. If an individual student is interested in attending an information session on a different day than your group tour, please see that option on our website under
Information Session and Tours
and have the student register accordingly.
How do I keep in contact with Fordham after my visit?
We will ask you (or your students) to fill out an inquiry card before going out on your tour, which will give you an opportunity to submit your name, email address, and mailing address so we may keep in contact with you and let you know what's going on at Fordham. During your visit, you may also ask the receptionist for your admission counselor's business card. Each counselor is assigned a territory, so feel free to ask who your territory manager is during your visit.
Should you need any assistance with planning a group tour at Fordham, please
email
Laura Connor at
[email protected]
.
School counselor visit options
Counselors are welcome to join our weekly visit options, which vary day to day. Please reserve your space before making travel plans to campus.
To register as a counselor, select the event labeled "Counselor Campus Visit" for the date and campus you plan to visit.  Within the registration form, you can select which campus tour/program you plan to attend.
Register for a tour
Learn more about Fordham via our variety of virtual offerings.
There's always something to do in New York, and there's always something to check out at Fordham. Explore our live and on-demand virtual programs at any time.
Virtual Ram
Sessions
Select weekdays
During these
live Virtual Ram Sessions
, you'll have the opportunity to hear from members of the Fordham Community about a focused topic.
One hour
Open to all visitors
Live Q&A
When booking, select the date of your choice on the calendar to view options and availability.
Virtual Ram Talk
Select Wednesdays at 4 p.m.
These hour-long student-led panels are for
prospective students only.
Student panelists will discuss a different topic during each week’s
Ram Talk
, then answer questions live & via chat. This is also our most flexible option — feel free to drop in at any time within the hour!
One hour
Prospective students only
Student-led panel
When booking, select the date of your choice on the calendar to view options and availability.
See our on-demand virtual events
Our
on-demand events
are exactly that—recordings of presentations that are ready for you to view at any time. Spend as long as you like. Our Virtual Information Session recording is about 30 minutes.
Fordham Stories
‹
›
Student Clubs
Want a Greener Future? Join the Club
Fordham's New York
Voyage into New York City’s Greenest Borough
Fordham's New York
An Iconic NYC Parade Before Class
Student Clubs
How Addy Found a ‘Community of Care’ at Fordham
Student Clubs
They Started a Club—and Kickstarted Their Careers